text 
Add your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing:  
If we don't  now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century: 
Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out:  
Ten million workers in California and New York now have better economic security:  
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. 
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy: 
"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices."  
An overwhelming majority of Americans want a fair  nomination processadd your name if you're one of them: 
Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different.  
Stay informed and get the facts with the OFA Truth Team: 
Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody. 
"Another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues. 
The United States of America has the strongest, most durable economy in the worldand it's getting better. 
The economy added 215,000 jobs in Marcha record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth. 
This is ityour last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor: 
DEADLINE: Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight. 
You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago: 
Marriage equality. Obamacare. A global climate agreement. Push for more progress: 
Get weekly updates on everything from the  nomination process to climate change: 
Calling all supportersthe fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in: 
Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summerenter before tomorrow's deadline: 
Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline: 
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:  
Make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrowpitch in now: 
A free flight to Chicago. A free hotel room. Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor. Enter now: 
Start your enginesthe big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in: 
Ever met a music legend? Here's your chancemeet James Taylor in Chicago this summer: 
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate:  
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing:  
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing. 
Add your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer: 
LIVE: President Obama and FLOTUS are participating in the annual White House  
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." President Obama 
"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." President Obama  
Follow WeNeedNine for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy.  
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:  
Judge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the  vacancy. Senators, it's time to  
"I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." President Obama  
Judge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.  
Join OFA in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote:  
The support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing.  
LIVE: VP Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote. 
Tune in at 12:30 p.m. ET to see VP Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important: 
It's a paws-itively beautiful day.  
Obamacare: Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since 2010. 
Obamacare is here to stay. 
20 million Americans covered:  9 in 10 Americans now have health insurance:  Lowest uninsured rate on record:  
On the sixth anniversary of  stand with OFA and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care: 
Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance: 
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.  
Tell Senate leaders: Your constituents expect you to  
"Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely vote: 
Read from business editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing: 
Check out how OFA supporters are calling for a fair  hearing and timely up-or-down vote: 
Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration.  
Make your voice heard on a fair  nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland: 
Happy  
Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out:  
President Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified  
Judge Garland is a qualified  with past bipartisan approvalshow your support: 
Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote.  
HAPPENING NOW: President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the  vacancy. 
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his  
Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination processsign the petition: 
These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair  nomination hearings:  
This February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out:  
There's a lot of misinformation out therehelp spread the facts with the OFA Truth Team: 
Happy  
By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, Americans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a  nominee: 
Refusing to even meet with a  nominee has no basis in the Constitution.  
If you think the Senate should give President Obama's  nominee a fair hearing, add your name:  
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a  panel on civic engagement and technology. 
The Senate should fairly consider a  nomineesign the petition if you agree: 
Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying:  
The United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more:  
Refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders:  
Senators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list:  
"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." VP 
Add your name if you think the Senate should do its job:  
"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination: 
The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justicetell Senate leaders to do their jobs: 
From VP Biden: Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the  nomination process. 
We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done.  
"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers:  
"If Selma taught us anything, its that our work is never done." President Obama  
Refusing to hold hearings for a president's  nominee has never happened before. 
There is no excuse to delay the  nominationadd your name to OFA's petition if you agree: 
Most Americans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the  nominee a fair hearing:  
A well-qualified  nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.  
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job:  
It's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's  nomineeand there's plenty of time to do so. 
February's 242,000 new jobs mean the American economy has been creating jobs for six straight years. 
The American economy continues its comeback. 
The economy added 242,000 jobs in Februarya record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth. 
The majority of Americans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the  vacancy: 
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge. 
Sign the petitionjoin the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:  
Tune in at 12:50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge. 
This is what a consensus looks like.  
Deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work.  
The obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate:  
Refusing to consider a  nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible.  
Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsiblesign the petition:  
We're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years:  
Get the facts on everything from a fair  nomination process to climate change: 
Today's the 55th birthday of the PeaceCorps. Thanks to all who have served across the globe.  
It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote.  
"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year." (h/t washingtonpost) 
Sign OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process: 
LIVE: President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers. 
Thanks to the  clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to dosay you support common-sense economic policies: 
Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long way. 
Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. 
LIVE: President Obama is highlighting the progress of the American economy. 
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the  
Tell the Senate: Stop playing games with our Supreme Court.  
The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee.  
Add your name if you agree: Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable.  
Retweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy.  
The solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time: 
This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders:  
Sign OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process: 
President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his  nominee: 
Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate:  
With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay.  
Be part of the team debunking myths with factsjoin the OFA Truth Team: 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room. 
A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracyread more: 
Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senatesign OFA's petition:  
The Senate should not play political games with our Supreme Court. 
"The Senate also has a constitutional duty: to consider presidential nominees expeditiously." (h/t latimes) 
Add your name to let the Senate know: The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics. 
Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impactapply to be an OFA fellow today: 
The impact of climate change in one GIF:  
The longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9 unemployment ratemiddle-class economics is working. 
It's official: January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record.  
Read what VP Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery Act: 
In the past seven years, our economy has made real progress. 
This  Day, speak up for equality:  
No matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate  Day with pride.  
Stand against discriminationjoin the fight for equality.  
Retweet if you believe  
Watch President Obama thank TheEllenShow for all she's done for the LGBT community:  
Read President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and  
Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to explorefrom sea to shining sea.  
President Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessorsand he's not done yet:  
Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight: 
Show what you believeget the  tee. 
Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination.  
"The fact is weve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois. 
Tune in at 4:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois: 
Join the OFA Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter: 
Say cheese.  
An increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment.  
Good news: 2015 was another great year for clean energy growth.  
Criminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairnessadd your name:  
We need to  
Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look:  
"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to  
Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990sbut there's more work to do. 
The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more: 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. 
Middle-class economics is working. 
Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice systemadd your name now:  
It's time to  
Check out President Obama's message to OFA supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress: 
Everyone has to pitch in to  including the private sector. Check out what Facebook just did. 
Progress is not inevitableit depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Baltimore. 
More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle  
Show your organizing pride. 
No fluff, just factsthat's the Truth Team way. Join now: 
There's just a few hours left to  for 2016: 
Spread the word: Today is the last day to  for 2016.  
TODAY: The last day to check out your options and  Don't miss it. 
The end of the open enrollment is right around the cornermake sure your friends know how to  
Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now:  
There's still time to  hurry: 
Just two days left to get  for 2016. 
Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance  for women. 
Add your name if you agree that equal work deserves  
Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Acta step forward. But the fight isn't over. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the importance of  for women.  
Tune in at 12:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. 
Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts: 
Don't miss this deadline:  
The open enrollment period ends on Sundaytalk to your friends about how they can  
Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and  
Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends  
It's not too lateget your vintage tee today. 
Scientists agree climate change is man-madeand we can do something about it.  
"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." President Obama 
Before Sunday:  
Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more: 
Health care reform has helped millionsjoin the team that's fighting to protect it. 
A new study confirms that the  will raise wages for American workers and grow our economy. 
Time's running out to  before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options: 
Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change:  
Join the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31: 
Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself:  
"If you havent looked at your new coverage options, youve still got time to get covered." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and  
Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle  more than 60 timesjoin the team that's fighting back: 
Check ups: covered under Obamacare.  
97 percent of climate scientists agree: Climate change is real and man-made.  
"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. 
Be prepared for the cold.  today: 
Get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance today: 
Fighting climate change:  Creating jobs:  The solar industry is booming. 
"The American auto industry is all the way back." President Obama  
It's official: Last year was the hottest year on recordby a very wide margin.  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the American auto industry. 
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry: 
Shop around:  
Read how OFA organizers are sharing their personal stories to help  
American diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the  Read how: 
Because of American diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked.  
"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." President Obama  
Happy birthday, FLOTUS. Thank you for all you do. 
"Thats when America works bestwhen everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system. 
President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal landsa step forward in the fight to  
LIVE: President Obama is answering questions from smartereveryday, sWooZ1e, and ingridnilsen.  
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators: 
America now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to  Repealing it doesn't make sense. 
ICYMI: More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far. 
DEADLINE: Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1.  
Check out what VP Biden told a group of OFA supporters yesterday: 
Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years.  
"Thats the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress Americans have made and the path forward. 
Tune in at 11:05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward. 
LIVE: VP Biden is speaking with OFA supporters on the work ahead in 2016. 
RSVP for OFA's call with VP Biden at 3:15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it: 
Missed President Obama's final  last night? Check out his full remarks. 
Fired up from the  RSVP to hear VP talk about the work ahead with OFA supporters: 
Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement:  
"I believe in change because I believe in you." President Obama  
"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, Ill be right there with you as a citizen." President Obama  
"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." President Obama  
"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesnt matter." President Obama  
"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." President Obama  
"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." President Obama  
"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." President Obama  
"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." President Obama  
"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." President Obama  
President Obama: The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment.   
"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." President Obama  
"The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." President Obama  
"Weve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." President Obama  
"Gas under two bucks a gallon aint bad, either." President Obama  
"On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year." President Obama   
"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." President Obama  
"Why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" President Obama  
"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. Youll be pretty lonely." President Obama  
Global action on climate change is happeningshow your support today:   
We have the responsibility to lead on climate change.   
"America is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to Austin to Silicon Valley." President Obama  
"That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." President Obama 
"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." President Obama  
"Food Stamp recipients didnt cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." President Obama  
"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." President Obama  
"America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." President Obama  
"Parties should work together to improve job security." President Obama  
And counting.  
"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldnt weaken them, we should strengthen them." President Obama  
Share the facts.  
"We have to make college affordable for every American." President Obama   
"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." President Obama  
"Real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." President Obama  
Students should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt.  
"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." President Obama   
"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." President Obama  
"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." President Obama  
"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the 90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." President Obama 
Middle-class economics works.  
"A basic: the United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." President Obama  
Change only happens when you organize.  
"We made change work for us, always extending Americas promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." President Obama  
"I want to focus on our future." President Obama  
President Obama: Ill keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage.  
"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." President Obama  
"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now.  
Tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight.  
The stage is settune in tonight.  
"Its the last time well do this, but were not even close to done working." VP Joe Biden on the  
The last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've come: 
One last time.  
Tonightit's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union.  
Get ready for President Obama's final  and add your voice to the conversation: 
President Obama's last State of the Union addressit's only a day away.  
January 12don't miss it.  
Another milestone to celebrate for wind powerand plenty of room to grow. 
Tuesday:  
"Today, the American auto industry is back." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the American auto industry: 
Get readythis one is going to be good.  
Read President Obama's NYTimes op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help  in America: 
ICYMI: Listen to what President Obama said to OFA supporters on a call about steps forward to  
This doesn't have to be the new normaljoin the fight to help  
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to OFA supporters on how everyone can help  
The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for American workers. Read more: 
The economy added 292,000 jobs in Decembera record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name:  
Don't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to  in Americatune in at 8 p.m. ET on CNN. 
Almost time for President Obama's last  the conversation: 
Watch what President Obama has to say about his final  
Don't miss this:  
Twelve more months of progress to gosay you'll tune in: 
Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help  in America: 
Congress canand shouldtake action to help  Add your name if you agree: 
"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." President Obama  
President Obama's common-sense actions will help  Now Congress needs to step up. 
Add your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help  
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in America. 
Tune in at 11:40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help  
This is itPresident Obama's final  Say you'll be watching: 
Start the new year off the right way and  now: 
"We know that we cant stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" President Obama 
Hello, 2016. 
Ring in the new year with the one you love. 
FINAL CALL: Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today. 
You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final  
LAST CALL: You could be going on a seven-day cruise to Alaskabut only if you enter today. 
Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further: 
DEADLINE: Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016. 
You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to Alaska: 
TONIGHT: Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline. 
Global climate action became a reality this yearkeep the progress going in 2016: 
Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016: 
Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state: 
Get readythe deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner. 
In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016: 
Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last  
Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to Alaska: 
Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for progress: 
Suit upit's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in: 
You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire: 
Seeking adventure? Find it in Alaska. Enter OFA's contest today: 
Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter nowand you and a friend could be headed to Alaska: 
This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016and you can help: 
"Merry Christmas, everybody!" President Obama 
Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yoursbig or small. 
Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. And polar bearssee them all in Alaska. 
Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action: 
Time to check this one off your bucket list: 
2015 has been a great year for progressbut there's still more work to do. 
Get your donation in before the door closes: 
Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself: 
Find out how OFA organizers are gearing up to  in their communitiesand how you can support this work: 
This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum: 
Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an  
2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded.  
Become an OFA Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change: 
Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to Alaska: 
"The number one reason Im optimistic going into 2016: It's youthe American people." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. Watch: 
Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat. Enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room. 
Tune in at 1:50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference. 
Lend a handchip in to show your support for this grassroots movement. 
Bucket list: Go on a cruise  Travel to Alaska  Whale watching in the Arctic  Enter: 
This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in: 
What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an Alaskan adventure: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center. 
Tune in at 12:15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement. 
Good news: You have two extra days to  for the new year. 
This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it: 
The  gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation. 
After years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand  
Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance: 
DEADLINE: If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today. 
Thanks to American leadership, countries around the world are standing  
"I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." President Obama on the  
A trip to Alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to  Enter now: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives. 
"America, this will changebut only when we stand up, together, and demand it." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon. 
Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon: 
Say you stand with countries around the world who are  your name:  
This is huge: Almost every country in the world just signed on to the  on climate changethanks to American leadership. 
Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why OFA supporters are saying  
8 out of 10 uninsured Americans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them:  
Start the new year off right:  
Climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from Wisconsin: 
Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance:  
WATCH: President Obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change.  
Nations from around the world are coming together to  Join millions calling for real progress: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds Act.  
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change.  
The world is  It's time to act. 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment. 
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment: 
Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole:  
Closing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer.  
Hundreds of nations are coming together to stand  you can join the conversation: 
The world is  time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on board. 
The world is standing  It's time to act. 
Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loopholeadd your name if you agree:  
Congress can  about this. 
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe. 
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the American people safe: 
"Here in America its way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." President Obama 
WATCH: President Obama offers his condolences to the San Bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun laws. 
Obamacare is helping millions. Repealing it would be devastating to families across the country. 
Provisions in  have helped save billions of dollars and more than 80,000 lives. Read more: 
Employers have added an average of 213,000 jobs a month over the past six months. We have to keep up this progress. 
The economy added 211,000 jobs in Novembera record-breaking 69 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
Countries all over the world are standing  the conversation to be part of this historic moment: 
This is a huge step forward.  
Sixty years later, we remember the heroism of Rosa Parks and recommit to the fight for justice and equality. 
Climate change deniers are trying to undermine America's commitment to  Read more: 
Be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate changejoin the  conversation:  
Stand up for global action on climate changeadd your name:  
The global talks on climate change have begun. Join the conversation:  
Watch President Obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate change. 
Read why the international climate talks in Paris are so important:  
Enrolling is easy. Check out your options and  today: 
Show your support for American leadership in the international effort to  
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest step America's ever taken to tackle climate change. 
Post Thanksgiving to-do list: Sleep:  Dishes. So many dishes:   
Be thankful todayand don't forget to give back.  
"No matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating the 68th anniversary of the National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation. 
Read from GinaEPA on how the United States is leading the international effort to  
Read how OFA volunteers in Tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care: 
Before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered:  
No more excuses. It's time to  
Say you're ready for strong global efforts to  let climate change deniers prevent progress: 
Get a close look inside the first-ever OFA Organizing Director Summit: 
One year ago the President took common-sense  a long-term fix still hasn't come from Congress. 
Happy birthday VP. Here's to a great year. 
Getting help is easy. Check out your options and  today: 
Record-breaking temperatures in October keeps 2015 on track to be the hottest year ever: 
Don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action:  
It's crucial to  this is just one way the Clean Power Plan is a step forward. 
"Progress isnt guaranteed. Its not inevitable. Its something that has to be fought for." President Obama 
The international community is committed to  your support for global action: 
Progress on tackling climate change is happeningand we can't go back.  
The health care marketplace is openfor a limited time. Now's your chance to  
Say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to  your name: 
Hundreds of hardworking OFA organizers came together at the  to drive their work forwardtake a look: 
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to  
In two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to  is a big deal. 
The U.S. has already tripled wind and solar energy since 2008. The Clean Power Plan will continue that progress. 
The Clean Power Plan is a vital step to  and improve public health. 
Get the facts on important issues like climate changejoin the OFA Truth Team: 
You might be able to get an even better health care plan. Shop around today:  
The security of affordable health care might make you dance:  
Man-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. Read more:  
The fight for common-sense  isn't over. Read more: 
Read from veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer Jon Powers on why it's time to  
Be covered this wintercheck out your options now:  
"On this day and every day, we thank you." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is honoring veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.  
ICYMI: The unemployment rate is now at a seven-year low. 
Make sure to check this off your list:  
President Obama explains why the  is good for American workers and the middle class: 
"I'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." President Obama to OFA volunteers  
"I need you to stay involved. I need you to stay active." President Obama  
"I may only hold this office for the next 14 months, but I'm not going anywhere." President Obama  
"When the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. We've got proof." President Obama 
"We've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." President Obama  
"Your organizing skills are more important than ever."President Obama  
"You know we've got more work to do. You wouldn't be here if you didn't think we have more work to do."President Obama  
"Even as our economy is growing, America's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." President Obama 
"We've covered 17.6 million Americans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." President Obama  
"We've seen the longest streak of private-sector job creation on recordthat happened because of you." President Obama  
"You figure out what's important in your communities and you organize around it."President Obama at the  
"You be the change you want to come about."President Obama  
"Together, we created a movement for change that couldn't be denied."President Obama  
"It's always good to be with OFA. It's a little bit like coming home."President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to OFA volunteers at the  
"It was never about yes he canit was about yes we can." Simas44  
"For the first time, more than 90 of Americans are covered." President Obama  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why it's so important to  
Retweet if you support American leadership on climate change.  
The President just rejected  Add your name to support strong action on climate change:  
"If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." President Obama  
"Shipping crude oil into our country would not increase America's energy security." President Obama  
"Today, in 41 states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $2 a gallon." President Obama  
"In fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." President Obama on rejecting the  
"The pipeline would not lower gas prices for American consumers." President Obama on rejecting the  
"If Congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." President Obama on rejecting the  
"The pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." President Obama on rejecting the  
BREAKING: President Obama just took another huge step to  by rejecting the  pipeline. 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement. 
The economy added 271,000 jobs in Octobera record-breaking 68 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
The  eliminates 18,000 taxes that other countries put on American goods.  
More American-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home:  
"When we have a level playing field, Americans out-compete anyone in the world." President Obama  
Negotiations on the  are complete, and the full text is now available online. Find out more:  
More than two dozen states and cities are fighting to  by defending the Clean Power Plan: 
Finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. Check out your options and  
A vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget dealdon't let that happen. Show your support: 
Get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care enrollment: 
The marketplace is open againshop around and find a plan that works for you:  
Working hard in America shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home.  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals. 
Tune in at 4:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration:  
Here's what happened when 35 passionate student organizers came together to learn how to improve their impact: 
Under  the uninsured rate in the United States is at the lowest level on record. 
Nearly 8 in 10 uninsured Americans may be eligible for financial help. Check out your options:  
Open enrollment is back:  
Post Halloween checklist: Coffee:  Brunch:  Health insurance:  
The health care marketplace is open again. Check out your options now:  
Don't miss your chance to  
Trick-or-treat?  
Make sure you  tomorrowbefore you eat too much Halloween candy. 
"Every year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform: 
Don't miss it.  
Watch as President Obama and FLOTUS welcome children to trick-or-treat at the White House: 
Passionate student organizers came together at OFA's Campus Organizing Summit. Find out more: 
DYK: Under  millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn 26. 
"I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." President Obama 
Spread the word: There are nearly 10.5 million uninsured Americans who may be eligible to  in 2016. 
Read ShaunOMB's op-ed on how science and data are helping the U.S. focus on the long-term costs of climate change: 
Big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progressfight back: 
17.6 million Americans have gained coverage under  a BFD. 
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the Clean Power Planshow your support:  
Open enrollment is right around the corner.  
If you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name:  
America's mayors are calling for Congress to  about gun violence. 
Retweet to spread the word.  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference and Exposition. 
At 3 p.m. ET, watch President Obama address the International Association of Chiefs of Police in Chicago: 
LIVE: President Obama is welcoming the ussoccer_wnt to celebrate their World Cup victory.  
New federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. Show your support:  
"We've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." President Obama 
This is why the Clean Power Plan matters.  
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a panel at the White House on criminal justice reform. 
Organizers in New Mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. Read how: 
LIVE: President Obama is in West Virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse. 
Tune in at 2:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama host a community forum on drug abuse. 
A new poll shows that a majority of Americans want common-sense laws on gun sales:  
Action on climate change can't waitwhich is why the Clean Power Plan is so important. 
Eighty-one companies support a global agreement to  
ICYMI: Yesterday marked the official adoption of the  
Diali came to OFA to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in organizing. Read more: 
"The United States is home to 5 of the worlds population, but 25 of the worlds prisoners." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system. 
Retweet if you agree it's time to  
Coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to  It's time for deniers to get on board. 
Under the Obama administration, the deficit is down nearly 75 percentthe lowest it's been since 2007. 
Add your name to the thousands of people asking Congress to stand up and  about gun violence: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month. 
Tune in at 4:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at an event celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month. 
See where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change:  
Climate change denial is at a record lowjust not in Congress. Read more:  
Make your sweet tooth happyit's  
Hundreds of organizers recently gathered in New Mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. Read more: 
Another reason why it's so important to  
Read why GovEdRendell thinks  will be good for manufacturing and boost products  
Former Washington Governor Christine Gregoire on why the  will help protect the environment: 
Expanding Medicaid isn't just practicalit's the right thing to do.  
Repealing  is still a bad idea. 
Keep the conversation on gun violence going until Congress will  about it: 
"Outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantageand TPP will change that." President Obama  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the  will put American workers first. 
Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaperthe  energy is happening. 
Add your name to the list of people asking Congress to  about gun violence: 
Check out how these OFA volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community:  
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to put politics aside and  about gun violence. 
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's time for Congress to  to prevent gun violence tragedies: 
"This will not change until the politics change." President Obama on gun violence  
Take a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention:  
Add your name if you agree it's time for Congress to  about gun violence in America. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the WhiteHouse Summit on Worker Voice. 
An OFA volunteer reflects on the trainings she receivedthat helped her land her dream job. 
Stand up for American workersadd your name if you agree it's time to  
The  establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in history. 
The more U.S. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at homeanother reason to  
"I refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." President Obama  
Add your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history:  
Great news: President Obama just secured a trade deal that puts American workers first.  
Twenty-three years and still going strong. Here's to many more.  
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to pass a real budget. 
Private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking 67 straight monthsbut there's more to do. 
More than 10,000 people die from gun violence in the U.S. each yearthat can change. 
Our thoughts and prayers are not enoughit's time to take action. 
Organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violencestate by state. Read more: 
LAST CALL: Enter for a chance to meet President Obama. 
DEADLINE: Tonight. Time to make your movechip in now. 
This is your chance to meet President Obama. (No joke.) 
You and a guest could fly to D.C. and meet the President. Enter now for your chance: 
Give this grassroots movement a liftbecome a recurring donor today: 
Enter before midnight and youand your BFFcould meet the President this fall. 
Better hurrythe deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight. 
Want to hear that laugh in person? Throw your name in before tonight's deadline: 
Enter now and you could meet President Obama in D.C. this fall: 
Coffee:  Fall sweater:  Meeting the President: ? Enter before  ends: 
Chip in to fight for real, lasting change: 
Give it your best shotenter today for your chance to meet the President: 
In an interview with RollingStone, President Obama lays out why we need to  before it's too late. 
This movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. Help keep it goingchip in $5 or more today: 
Watch a  clip about President Obama's historic visit to a federal prison: 
Don't miss the chance to meet President Obama this fallall you have to do is enter: 
Want to be the one walking through that door? Enter the contest now: 
Beat the buzzerthe big fundraising deadline is almost here. 
Time's running outdon't miss your chance to meet President Obama. 
Do you hear that? It's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. Chip in now: 
Fall is hereand so is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now: 
Walk the walksupport the team that's fighting for today's important issues. 
Climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generationsand pontifex agrees:  
You could win a chance to meet President Obama. (Let that sink in.) Enter now: 
Don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. Chip in now: 
With less than a week left to avert a shutdown, Congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care.  
Change starts with people working together. Read how volunteers in Tucson are organizing to make change a reality: 
Give your  an upgradeenter now to meet President Obama: 
17.6 million Americans coveredthat's a number to celebrate:  
Watch Pontifex say why it's so important for everyone to come together to   
Dress to impressyou could win the chance to meet President Obama. Enter now: 
"Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." President Obama 
LIVE: Watch as Pontifex is welcomed to the White House.  
Get your camera readythis is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now: 
LIVE: President Obama and others are greeting Pontifex at Joint Base Andrews. 
America doesn't need another shutdownmembers of Congress need to do their job and pass a budget. Read more: 
Hope you're readyfall is here. 
Read how OFA volunteers in Tucson are working hard to bring change to their community. 
Climate change is realand it's time to act. (h/t washingtonpost) 
"Theres nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a budget. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House screening of Vice's documentary on criminal justice reform. 
When women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. Read more: 
Retweet if you agree.  
It's time to  what's good for workers and families is good for the economy: 
The uninsured rate continues to falland that's no accident. Read about how  is making a difference: 
"If you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." President Obama  
Investments in clean energy are boosting the economywhile fighting climate change.  
States and cities from the U.S. and China are pledging to  earlier than national targets. 
Since President Obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. 
Obamacare is workingand it's lowering the uninsured rate: 
Since President Obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the BizRoundtable. 
Listen to President Obama's advice on going to college for high school seniorsincluding his oldest daughter. 
Be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts: 
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students. 
Tune in at 4:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability with high school students in Iowa: 
"From my family to yours, Shanah Tovah." President Obama on  
"Everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses another step in expanding  
"The events of September 11, 2001, left a permanent mark on the spirit of every American." President Obama 
"This vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." President Obama on the  vote 
Retweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it.  
"I want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama 
Progress happens when people fight for it. Join the movementsay you're in: 
"I believe that working Americans should have the basic security of paid leave." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama and DrBiden discuss the administration's plan to expand  
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama and DrBiden speak in Michigan on expanding  
Solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. Find out more: 
Get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates:  
The Obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local level. 
Check out Secretary of State JohnKerry's op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the  
The  has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation experts. 
Today, America celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. Happy  
Today President Obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about 300,000 federal workers.  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Greater Boston Labor Council  Breakfast. 
"Plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working Americans." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a budget and avoid a shutdown. 
It's a beautiful world. Let's fight to protect it. 
Go behind the lens with PeteSouza's photo gallery from President Obama's recent trip to Alaska. 
DEADLINE: Today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules.  
Higher wages, 173,000 jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good newsbut there's more work to do. 
The economy added 173,000 jobs in Augusta record-breaking 66 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
Under the  Iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. Learn more: 
Tomorrow is the last dayadd your name if you agree it's time to  for millions of middle-class families: 
Read why it's crucial to  protections for millions of working families. 
Read how the Obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working Americans. 
President Obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to Alaska. Check it out: 
"Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." President Obama  
Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." President Obama 
Get a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's trip to Alaskathe front lines in the fight against climate change. 
Make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before Friday's deadline:  
It's official: Mount McKinley is now Denali. 
Read what former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has to say about the  
Find out how OFA is giving organizers around the country the training and management skills they need to succeed. 
"As long as Im President, America will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses his upcoming trip to Alaska and pledges to  
Read AmbassadorPower's thoughts on why it's vital for Congress to stand by the  
These professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that matter. 
Add your namebecause in 2015, equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial.  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the rebuilding of New Orleans ten years after Hurricane Katrina.  
Tune in at 4:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss  and the rebirth of New Orleans. 
Add your name if you believe that when women succeed, America succeeds:  
Meet Alexaan OFA supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than now. 
One organizer is sharing her story about continuing the fight for womens rights: 
This  say you'll continue the fight for progress. 
The fight for equality is not over.  
"No challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." President Obama  
Thanks NatlParkService for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for 99 yearsand counting.  
These fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital organizing skills. Read more: 
Want to join the conversation on the  Add your name to get more information. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Clean Energy Summit.  
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas:  
President Obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to  energy: 
Investing in renewable energy helps fight climate changeand creates jobs.  
Find out how one young organizer is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into action. 
Read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the  
"Congress left town for five full weeksand they left behind a stack of unfinished business." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a responsible budget. 
Add your name to get important information about the  make sure you have all the facts: 
Leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the  
Today, two women are making historybecoming the first to graduate from the USArmy's Ranger School: 
July was the hottest month ever recorded: 
This is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change.  
Getting the full story on something as big as the  is important. Add your name to stay informed: 
Follow the new "Letters to President Obama" Tumblrstarting with a letter thanking the President for  
Dont let climate change deniers set us back. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan: 
Give 42 a round of applause today. Happy birthday, BillClinton. 
Change starts with one voice speaking out. Read one organizers story about the fight for womens rights: 
New limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health:  
Be part of the OFATruthTeamand fight back with facts: 
Climate change deniers want to stop the Clean Power Plan. Dont let themadd your name today:  
Add your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air:  
Read about President Obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills:  
WATCH: Find out why President Obama is heading to Alaska at the end of the month. 
Take a stand with state leaders committed to  Show your support for the Clean Power Plan: 
Jon traveled 3,000 miles to change the conversation about climate change. Read more:  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. Watch now: 
A majority of Americans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in America: 
Studies show that  is not killing full-time jobs like critics claim: 
These three Marines lowered the American flag in  in 1961. Today, they raised it again: 
Today is the 80th birthday of  lifeline to millions of Americans. 
Read about Jon's 3,000 mile journey to fight climate change:  
Retweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change.  
Read President Obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the Voting Rights Act: 
President Obama is heading to Alaskathe front lines in the fight against climate change. 
Expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families.  
The uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first timethanks to  
Expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. Add your voice to show support:  
Read these stories from working moms and see why we need to  
"What makes America special is our capacity to change." President Obama 
Read about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of Americansand women in particular:  
A new report shows that wind energy is boomingand now provides 73,000 jobs in the U.S. Read more:  
Check it out: President Obama answers tough questions on the  in an interview with micnews. 
Renewable energy is good for the economy.  
The President took readers' questions on the  in an interview with micnews. Check it out: 
DYK: States that embraced  and expanded Medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured rates. 
Show your support for this historic step in the fight to  
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President commemorates the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act:  
ICYMI: Read President Obama's thoughts on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.  
Cleaner air is safer air.  
The economy is still improvingbut there's more work to do. Read more about the latest jobs report: 
The economy added 215,000 jobs in Julymarking a record-breaking 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
"You've been a great gift to the country." President Obama to Jon Stewart on TheDailyShow  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.  
Find out how you can support the Clean Power Plan. Read President Obama's message:  
Stand with state leaders who are fighting to  with the Clean Power Plan: 
From Deese44: Read why the Clean Power Plan is vital to the fight against climate change:  
"It is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." President Obama  
"As members of Congress reflect on their pending decision, I urge them to set aside political considerations. President Obama  
"As Americans, we should be proud of this achievement." President Obama  
"Now we have before us a solution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." President Obama  
"President Kennedy warned Americans not to see conflict as inevitable. It is time to apply such wisdom. President Obama  
"I have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." President Obama  
"When we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny. President Obama  
"If Iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." President Obama  
"Worry less about being labeled weak. Worry more about getting it right. President Obama  
"How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" President Obama 
The choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war. President Obama  
Walk away from this agreement and you will get a better dealfor Iran. President Obama  
Those who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy. President Obama  
"We will continue to have sanctions in place on Iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights."President Obama  
There is no scenario where sanctions relief turns Iran into the region's dominate power. President Obama  
An argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution. President Obama  
"Without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in 15 years could happen six months from now." President Obama 
"The bottom line is, if Iran cheats, we can catch themand we will." President Obama  
This deal is not just the best choice among alternativesthis is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever. President Obama 
If Iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place. President Obama  
"Iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." President Obama  
"This deal shuts off the type of covert program Iran has pursued in the past. President Obama  
"In July, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." President Obama  
"What was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." President Obama  
The progress of Iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade. President Obama  
"It was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on Iran." President Obama  
"Winning this global buy-in was not easy. I know. I was there." President Obama  
"What made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new U.N. Security Council resolutions." President Obama  
It was our very willingness to negotiate that helped America rally the world to our cause. President Obama  
"I have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." President Obama  
"Even before taking office, I made clear that Iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." President Obama  
"The question then is not whether to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." President Obama  
"Now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." President Obama  
More than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade Iraq. President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at AmericanU about the importance of the  
Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the historic  at AmericanU: 
Help President Obama celebrate another great yearwish him a happy birthday:  
The Clean Power Plan is the most important step we've ever taken to  your support: 
WATCH: We only get one planetthat's why it's so important to  
It's President Obama's birthday. Wish him a happy 54th:  
If you're committed to  support the Clean Power Planadd your name now: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the Clean Power Plan.  
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the importance of the Clean Power Plan:  
Celebrate President Obama's birthday by wishing him a happy 54th:  
Guess who has a birthday coming up? (Hint: It's  
"This week ... Medicare and Medicaid turned 50 years old. And thats something worth celebrating." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the impact of Medicare and Medicaid on the 50th anniversary: 
To: President Obama Happy 54th! From: You Wish the Commander-in-Chief a happy birthday: 
Tell the Organizer-in-Chief happy birthdaysign OFA's card:  
Across the country, OFA volunteers are making a difference in the fight to  
Sign OFA's birthday card for President Obama:  
Help President Obama cap off a great year. Wish him a happy birthday:  
Solar energy is booming.  
You don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate change: 
ICYMI: Some of America's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution.  
Study shows  leads to fewer uninsured Americans, better health, and improved access to care: 
Read how OFA is training the next generation of digital organizers:  
Join the team that's spreading the truth on the most important issues: 
It's the final week of  take advantage. 
American businesses are pledging $140 billion to reduce carbon pollution and  
"We should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. Thats what Wall Street reform does." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the progress we've made because of Wall Street reform: 
See what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker:  
Some states are making real progress to  Read more: 
Have questions about the historic  Follow TheIranDeal for information and updates.  
Investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. Read more: 
States across the country are taking action to  for hard-working residents: 
Great news: Jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four decades. 
Carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. Read more:  
The President's  will be good for the economybut opponents are standing in the way: 
Check out the President's final appearance on TheDailyShowand his newest "executive order": 
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. Stand up for a society that's ready for a changing America: 
Opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress: 
"We still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." President Obama  
"This is not just about American rights. It's about human rights." President Obama  
"A few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more Americans with disabilities." President Obama 
"Days like today are a celebration of our history. But they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." President Obama  
LIVE: The President is speaking about the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
Tune in at 5:00 p.m. ET to watch the President speak on the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act: 
"We are not just Americans, but citizens of Earth." StationCDRKelly 
Stand with the President's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement: 
"This deal will make America and the world safer and more secure." President Obama on the  
In the weekly address, President Obama explains the comprehensive  
Read how OFA volunteers are pushing to  in their communities: 
Yesterday, President Obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. Read some of the highlights: 
"From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" President Obama 
Read why these three congressmen believe  is working: 
Read how President Obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice reform: 
LIVE: The President is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households. 
Tune in at 6:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about ensuring internet access for all Americans: 
Taking  is the right thing to do. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the  
Read the emotional exchange between the President and a former addict: 
"If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... America will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." President Obama 
"We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." President Obama 
"We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfectmile after mile, step after step." President Obama 
"Justice and redemption go hand in hand." President Obama 
"Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." President Obama 
"Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." President Obama 
"Justice is not only the absence of oppressionit is the presence of opportunity." President Obama 
"Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." President Obama 
"I've asked my Attorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." President Obama 
"We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." President Obama 
"On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." President Obama 
"We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." President Obama 
"For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentencesor get rid of them entirely." President Obama 
"Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." President Obama 
"We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." President Obama 
"We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." President Obama 
"What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." President Obama 
"We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." President Obama 
"One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." President Obama 
"If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." President Obama 
"I believe crime is like any other epidemicwe need to stop it before it starts." President Obama 
"For the first time in 40 years, America's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." President Obama 
"This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." President Obama 
"Mass incarceration makes our country worse offand we need to do something about it." President Obama 
"Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." President Obama 
"Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." President Obama 
"Around one million fathers are behind bars. Around one in nine African-American kids has a parent in prison." President Obama 
"African Americans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." President Obama 
"A growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." President Obama 
"African Americans and Latinos make up 30 percent of our population. They make up 60 percent of our inmates." President Obama 
"Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." President Obama 
"For $80 billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in America." President Obama 
"Every year, we spend $80 billion to keep those folks incarcerated." President Obama 
"In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." President Obama 
"Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." President Obama 
"If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." President Obama 
"Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." President Obama 
"In 1980, there were 500,000 people behind bars in America ... Today, there are 2.2 million." President Obama 
"The United States is home to 5 percent of the world's population, but 25 percent of the world's prisoners." President Obama 
"In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." President Obama 
"There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in America." President Obama 
"We can't be satisfiedare not satisfieduntil the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in America." President Obama  
"Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." President Obama 
"We made progress, but our work is not done." President Obama  
"I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NAACP." President Obama 
"Let's get something out of the way up front: I am not singing today." President Obama 
LIVE: The President is speaking about criminal justice reform at the NAACP National Convention.  
Tune in at 4:05 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver remarks at the NAACP's National Convention:  
Congratulations to NASANewHorizons on completing a three-billion-mile journey.  
WATCH: Get the facts on why it's time to  protections for millions of workers. 
Read the President's op-ed in AARP on the importance of protecting Americans retirement savings: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 White House Conference on Aging.  
Tune in at 11:15 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks at the WhiteHouse Conference on Aging:  
"Too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." President Obama 
In the weekly address, the President discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the Fair Housing Act: 
The President just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land: 
The uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to datethanks to  
Be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change:  
Everyone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love.  
Read VP Biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place:  
Thanks to  women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive costs. 
Add your name if you think its time to expand overtime protections for hard-working Americans:  
"You inspired a whole new generation of young women." President Obama to the ussoccer_wnt  
Add your namebecause a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay:  
Expanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. Read more:  
Read how the Obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar energy: 
Add your name if you think it's time to  protections for hard-working Americans: 
Expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million Americans. Show your supportadd your name today: 
ICYMI: Read why President Obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class workers. 
Because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay. 
"Good luck to the U.S. Womens National Team in the World Cup Final!" President Obama  
"From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Fourth of July." President Obama 
Happy Fourth of July. 
Updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million American workers:  
"Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless America." President Obama 
"If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." President Obama 
"The last seven yearsshoot, the last seven daysshould remind us there's nothing America cannot do." President Obama 
"When the playing field is level, American workers always win." President Obama 
"No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." President Obama 
"In America, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." President Obama 
"This is an issue of basic fairness: If you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." President Obama  
"Over the past couple of years, 17 states, almost 30 counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." President Obama 
"We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." President Obama 
"Folks forget sometimesunions are what helped bring about the 40-hour work week." President Obama 
"We need to boost the minimum wage. Give America a raise." President Obama  
"The bottom line is: Top-down economics doesn't work. Middle-class economics works." President Obama 
"We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." President Obama 
"Middle-class economics works." President Obama 
"Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." President Obama 
"The uninsured rate in America is now the lowest on record." President Obama  
"We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." President Obama 
"Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." President Obama 
"We've added nearly 900,000 new manufacturing jobs." President Obama 
"And by the way, our teachers are underpaid." President Obama 
"We've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." President Obama  
"12.8 million new jobs, and that's goodbut we've got more work to do." President Obama 
"All told, we've now seen 64 straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." President Obama 
"This morning, we learned that our businesses created another 223,000 jobs last month." President Obama 
"America has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." President Obama 
"The freedom to marry who you lovethat's now open to all of us. That's a good thing." President Obama  
"It's been a remarkable few weeks in America." President Obama 
"No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an American." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is at UWLaCrosse speaking about economic progress. 
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about the progress made on the economy: 
In the past two years, the U.S. economy has created 5.6 million jobsthe strongest two-year job growth since 2000: 
The economy added 223,000 jobs in Junemarking 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
Three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to  
We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." President Obama  
"I'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." President Obama  
"This wasn't about politicsthis was about people." President Obama 
"The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." President Obama 
"I'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." President Obama  
"Not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." President Obama  
President Obama:  has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable. 
"You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." President Obama 
"Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." President Obama 
LIVE: The President is speaking about the benefits of  and how to continue progress on health care reform. 
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch the President discuss how we can build on the progress made under  
LAST CALL: Enter for your chance to fly to Hawaii and relax in paradise. 
Say you'll keep up the fightshow your support and chip in before midnight: 
BUZZER BEATER: There's not a lot of time left on the clock. Chip in $5 now. 
TONIGHT: Don't miss your chance to see Hawaii. Enter before the deadline. 
"Too many Americans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." President Obama on overtime pay 
Don't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline: 
Help break the silence on gun violence in America. Join the fight for common-sense reform: 
You've never seen greens like this. Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Hawaii: 
Chip inthe deadline is quickly approaching: 
Organizing in paradisethe only thing missing is you: 
Add your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in America: 
"For too long, weve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." President Obama 
Sign up for your chance to see firsthand how organizing is making a difference in Hawaii: 
Better hurrythe deadline to chip in is right around the corner: 
You could be organizing in paradise: 
The President is acting where he can, but we need Congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system.  
Over the past two years, the Houses failure to take  has cost the country $26.8 billion. 
The bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $1.2 trillion.  
Two years ago today, the Senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority.  
"The Affordable Care Act still stands. It is working, and it is here to stay." President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President reaffirms how the Supreme Court ruling on  is a victory for America: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Charleston honoring the life of Reverend Clementa Pinckney. 
Watch the President's full statement on the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality.  
History.  
Retweet to spread the word.  
This ruling is a victory for friends, families, and organizers who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality.  
"America should be very proud." President Obama  
"Those countless, often anonymous heroesthey deserve our thanks." President Obama  
"What a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." President Obama  
"Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." President Obama  
"America is a place where you can write your own destiny." President Obama  
"For all our differences, we are one peoplestronger together than we could ever be alone." President Obama  
"When all Americans are treated as equal, we are all more free." President Obama  
"This ruling is a victory for America." President Obama  
"All people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." President Obama  
"This morning the Supreme Court recognized the Constitution guarantees marriage equality." President Obama  
"We are all created equal." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality.  
Affordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few. 
"This was a good day for America. Let's get back to work." President Obama  
"That's when America soarswhen we look out for one another." President Obama  
"What we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of America." President Obama  
"We're making progress. We're going to keep working to get more people covered." President Obama  
"With this case behind us, let's be clear: We've got more work to do." President Obama  
"This reform remains what it's always been: a set of fair rules and tougher protections." President Obama  
"Across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." President Obama 
"Five years in, this is no longer about a law ... This is health care in America." President Obama  
"This law is now helping tens of millions of Americans." President Obama  
"This is not a set of political talking points. This is reality. This law is working." President Obama  
"As the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than 16 million Americans have gained coverage so far." President Obama 
"America would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." President Obama 
"The Affordable Care Act is here to stay." President Obama  
"When the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." President Obama  
"In America, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's  ruling. 
Tune in to hear the President give a statement about today's  ruling at 11:30 a.m. ET: 
Hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. Enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand: 
Repealing  still a bad idea. 
More Americans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bankthanks to  
Aloha, Oahu: 
Hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. Celebrate that progressand you could win a free trip: 
It doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to Hawaii. Enter today: 
New report: Left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health.  
Game on.  
The benefits of fighting climate change are clearthe sooner we  the better off we'll be. 
Repealing  would leave 19 million Americans without the security of health care: 
If  is repealed, the national debt could increase by $137 billion: 
It's a win-win.  
"In a relentlessly-changing economy, weve got more work to do." President Obama on growing economic opportunity 
Fighting climate change with solar power creates jobs.  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all Americans: 
Retweet if you agree. 
The EPA's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution:  
Legislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. It's time to fight back:  
Reducing carbon pollution is a job creator. Read more from GinaEPA:  
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in South Carolina. 
"From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." President Obama 
Find out why it's economically beneficial to  from GinaEPA: 
Follow up: More on bees. 
This is an ongoing battle. Be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights:  
In only three months, state legislators introduced 332 provisions restricting choice:  
Investing in the clean energy industry is an important way to  
These investments put us $4 billion closer to clean energy solutions:  
Let's. Go. Hawks. 
Economic growth is just one way  See how your state will benefit from more  
Because  hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the American dream. 
"On Flag Day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." President Obama  
"Trade thats fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we  
States like Hawaii are leading the fight against climate change:  
Read why President John F. Kennedy believed trade was integral to Americas prosperity and security:  
This is what's at stake for workers across the country if Congress votes no on expanding TAA: 
For 41 years, TAA has been a lifeline for millions of workers. Today, Congress can make sure that lifeline continues. 
From CarolineKennedy: Why it's so important for the United States to  
200 trillion gallons of rain fell in Maythe wettest month on record.  
Expanding  is vital to America's success in a global economy: 
Climate change is already affecting our communities. That's why the President is taking steps to  now. 
Hawaii just set a goal of generating 100 percent of its electricity from renewable resources:  
This is how  is making health care in America better: 
Stand up for expanding  for hard-working students: 
"Its up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all Americans." President Obama  
According to a recent poll, a clear majority of Americans don't want federal  subsidies rolled back: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the benefits of  at TheCHAUSA. 
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch the President discuss how  has improved our health care system: 
Celebrate  with the person who brings out the best in you. 
Read why former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk thinks it's time for the United States to  
Stand up for expanding  for hard-working students: 
"Im going to keep doing everything I can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." President Obama 
In the weekly address, the President discusses  and fixing our broken immigration system. 
"Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." President Obama 
Read a few wise words from Beau Biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves behind. 
If you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for  
With higher hourly wages and 280,000 new jobs, May's jobs report is good news for our economy. 
If all 50 states expanded Medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. Read more: 
The economy added 280,000 jobs in Maymarking 63 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
There's been a lot of progress on LGBT equality, but there's more work to do. Add your name to join the fight: 
This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It's time to  
It's more fun to run with a friend.  
Keep the momentum going in the fight for equality. Add your name now: 
Here's one way to spark change: Share what LGBT equality means to you. 
Join the team that's fighting for LGBT equality: 
People across the country are  today to stand up against gun violence. 
When all Americans are treated equallyno matter who they are or whom they loveour country will be a better place. 
Your story matters in the fight for LGBT rightsshare it here: 
It takes courage to share your story. 
Be on the right side of history. Add your name to continue the fight for equality:  
Happy Pride Month.  
"For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." President Obama 
Watch President Obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly address: 
Add your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial:  
"Let us carry his legacy forward." President Obama on President John F. Kennedy, born 98 years ago today 
Another reason why health care reform is so important to millions of Americans. 
New clean water provisions will help protect the health of 117 million Americans. Read more:  
Read this blog from GinaEPA and Jo-Ellen Darcy on why protecting water sources is so important:  
Enforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why America needs to  
Read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the President is receiving in Miami today:  
A huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean.  
Read why  are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking waters: 
When 97 percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and  
These  will protect America's drinking water from polluters. 
Millions of Americans are counting on this. 
Cities nationwide are answering the President's call to  and  
The President is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in U.S. history. You can help fight for it, too: 
"Americans gave everything they hadnot for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." President Obama 
Today is the last day to get your application in for the OFA Summer Fellowship program: 
Watch President Obama pay tribute to the United States Armed Forces in the weekly address:  
If the U.S. doesn't  others will. Let's make sure America writes the rules in this global economy: 
America needs to lead the way and  
The deadline to be part of the summer  program is tomorrowapply here: 
LIVE: The President is speaking to the Adas Israel Congregation in celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month. 
Love is winning:  
Read how the Obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other pollinators: 
Check out the President's speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy on why it's so important to  
This is about making sure there's a level playing field for American workers in the global economy.  
TV won't be the same without Dave. 
America needs to  If you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name: 
"This cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." President Obama on climate change  
"It will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. But there is no other way." President Obama  
"The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." President Obama 
"Climate changeand especially rising seasis a threat to our homeland security." President Obama  
"Denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." President Obama on climate change  
"Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." President Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates 
"The planet is getting warmer. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have been in the past 15 years." President Obama  
"The best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. 
Tune in at 11:35 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy: 
This is why health care reform matters. 
Bees. 
This is your opportunity to get your start in community organizing: 
It's time to do away with Mad Men-era workplace policiesadd your name if you agree: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in New Jersey. 
Welcome POTUS, the official government account of the President of the United States. 
What will it take for climate change deniers to  
"We want a place where you can make it if you try. Thats the promise we make to our young people." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all Americans: 
This is about leveling the playing field for American workers in the global economysay it's time to  
You could be the next great grassroots organizer. Here's how:  
"Theres going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." President Obama on the passing of  
"When it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." President Obama  
This is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly 40 million Americans with student debt: 
It's the  challenge, presidential style. 
This shouldn't be an issue in 2015.  
Yumi used to think she couldn't make a differencenow she's helping DREAMers in her community. Read her story: 
It's time for the United States to  your name if you agree: 
America needs to  by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via WhiteHouse) 
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." President Obama on the Amtrak derailment 
Add your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is:  
It's time to do better by working families. Let's  
Sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave:  
NASA leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. Let's not let climate change deniers change that: 
As we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve:  
It's time to give American workers the security of paid leave.  
"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." President Obama 
WATCH: President Obama honors the 70th anniversary of VE Day in the weekly address: 
President Obama visits his 50th state today. See White House photographer PeteSouza's gallery from the first 49: 
In the last 62 months, over 12.3 million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. Read more: 
"When the playing field is level, nobody beats the United States of America." President Obama  
"If any agreement undercuts working familiesI wouldnt sign it." President Obama  
"If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." President Obama 
"We have to make sure America writes the rules of the global economy." President Obama  
"If we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what: China will." President Obama  
"I view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about trade in Beaverton, Oregon. 
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on trade in Beaverton, Oregon: 
The economy added 223,000 jobs in Aprilthat's a record 62 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. 
Too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. Join the team holding them accountable: 
Carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. It's time for action, not denial.  
That time President Obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to   
Addressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economyit's good for our health:  
Add your name if you're ready to  
David Letterman and President Obama discussed retirement plans last night. Take a look: 
This OFA volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her grandchildren. 
Working families deserve paid leave.  
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks for the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance at LehmanCollege. 
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch the President speak at the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance. 
The science is clearclimate change shouldn't be ignored.  
"A great education can be within everyones reach." President Obama 
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to education. 
Teachers have the ability to influence their students for life.  and share how important yours were: 
Know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? Here's where to apply: 
President Obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the White House. WARNING: cuteness ensues. 
Read President Obama's op-ed in the MiamiHerald on why we can't wait to  
LIVE: The President takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students.  
Read how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the President of the United States:  
Our education shapes who we become. Share who inspired you, and  today: 
Check out President Obama's interview with WSJ on why America needs to  
OFA's fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots organizers. Be a part of it: 
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2015 National Teacher of the Year.  
If you aspire to be a better community organizer, this is for you: 
Thanks to health care reform, people have more optionsjust another reason Americans are  
Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first African-American woman to hold the post. 
ICYMI: Watch President Obama's full remarks to OFA supporters last week. 
LIVE: Watch the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner.  
Cecily Strong hosts the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Watch it here: 
"We cant surrender to the futurebecause we are meant to win the future." President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President discusses how the new trade deal will benefit American workers and businesses: 
Farmers can fight climate change. Read about the Obama administration's new plans to help:  
If you know someone looking to take their organizing skills to the next level, send them here: 
America can't stand by and let other countries  We have to step up and write free and fair trade rules. 
"You give me hope. You guys are doing extraordinary things." President Obama to OFA supporters 
"Talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." President Obama to OFA supporters 
"If I didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, I would not be doing it." President Obama  
"We've got to fight for trade that benefits our workerson our terms." President Obama  
"I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." President Obama 
"My entire presidency has been about helping working families." President Obama 
"The status quo isn't working for our workers." President Obama  
"It's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." President Obama  
"It's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." President Obama  
"We want to make sure we win the future. That's what America is about." President Obama 
"America needs to write the rules of the global economy. We can't leave it to somebody else." President Obama  
"This set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." President Obama  
"Today, more than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." President Obama 
"I'm proud of all of you, and I hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." President Obama to OFA supporters 
"You guys sound fired up!" President Obama at the OFA Spring Summit 
LIVE on OFA  President Obama is speaking at the 2015 Spring Summit. 
You won't want to miss this. 
Heres a reminder from GinaEPA of a few challenges the EPA has conquered in the past:  
Apply to be an OFA fellow today to make a difference in your community: 
 So is President Obama's 3-point game. 
"We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." President Obama 
"This is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. We can solve it if we have the political will." President Obama  
"No matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as Americans." President Obama  
"Every dollar invested in the National Park Service generates $10 for the American economy. That's a good investment." President Obama 
"Climate change can no longer be denied. It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation." President Obama  
"The Pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." President Obama  
"If we don't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it." President Obama  
"I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world.  
Tune in at 3:05 p.m. ET to watch the President speak in Everglades National Park about fighting climate change: 
 So is the historic agreement between the U.S. and China last fall to cut carbon pollution. 
 So are the actions President Obama is taking to tackle it. 
The United States needs to  and sell more goods that are  
Help organizers from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level: 
If you want to take your organizing skills to the next level, this is for youapply to be an OFA fellow now: 
WATCH: This is why it's important for the United States to  
"This week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." President Obama  
"Let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." President Obama  
"Climate change can no longer be deniedor ignored." President Obama  
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his commitment to  
ICYMI: Check out the full video from the  on equal pay, child care, and more. 
This article debunks six big myths on climate change: (h/t goodhousemag)  
"We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." President Obama 
"Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal paythese are family issues and these are economic issues." President Obama 
"Anything that holds women back holds back the entire country." President Obama  
"Ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." President Obama  
"Because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." President Obama  
"I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." President Obama 
"We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a Champions of Change event highlighting people fighting for working families. 
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama celebrate Americans who are fighting for working families: 
Happy  
LIVE: The White House is hosting the eighth annual Soldier Ride with the Wounded Warrior Project. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with BlogHer and SheKnows about equal pay, paid leave, and more.  
It's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are:  
Don't miss today's  with BlogHer and SheKnows in Charlotte at 2:35 p.m. ET: 
"When women succeed, America succeeds." President Obama  
It's time.  
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses.  
Another reason Americans are  
"Two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." VP Joe Biden 
In the weekly address, VP Joe Biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two years. 
WATCH: The Obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect America's youth. 
President Obama is working with Caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. Find out how:  
Retweet if you agree: We have to  now. 
Read how one organizer found his inspiration to take action: 
"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." President Obama on  
Check out these great photos from this year's   
Man-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. Read more here: 
Today marks an important milestone for civil rights. Read more from vj44: 
The White House is expanding "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day" to kids who don't have a workplace to visit: 
Now is the time to  
Read how President Obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change:  
The House's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. See how it could affect you: 
Happy  
This would be huge for working families:  
Today is the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. Check out the celebration here:  
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about the historic understanding reached with Iran. 
"From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." President Obama 
The President is launching an initiative to train 75,000 Americansincluding veteransto join the solar workforce: 
"We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." President Obama 
"We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." President Obama 
"Since I took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is in Utah talking about training American workers for clean energy jobs.  
Tune in at 1 p.m. ET to watch President Obama at Hill Air Force Base in Utah discuss the importance of clean energy: 
Our economy added 126,000 jobs in March, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Louisville, Kentucky, about the economy. 
Tune in at 5:50 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on our economy in Louisville, Kentucky: 
We need a budget that works for every Americannot just the wealthy few. 
Happening now: The President is delivering a statement on Iran. 
This 9-year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the President: 
Read how  is a major reason why weve seen an estimated 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths: 
Renewable energy investments are up 17 percent globally from 2013. Read more: 
The budget resolutions Congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely upon. 
Climate change is a global problem. Here's another step towards solving it:  
Get ready for the final sprint. You have until midnight to enter ... Go! 
This shouldn't be a debate.  
You could talk about anythingeven compare jump shots. Enter now: 
Be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up: 
Stay calm, but act fast: There's one day left to enter for the chance to meet President Obama. 
Another nation commits to  announced it would cut carbon pollution 25 percent by 2030: 
Free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the President? Enter today: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the life and legacy of Senator Ted Kennedy in Boston. 
"Protecting working Americans paychecks shouldnt be a partisan issue." President Obama 
WATCH: The President highlights the progress made since he signed Wall Street reform into law five years ago. 
You've got this: 
Check this off your bucket list. 
"Time and time again, SenatorReid stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." President Obama 
Wouldn't it be nice to fly to D.C. to meet President Obama? Here's your chance: 
If you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its futurechip in today: 
"There's nothing we can't do if the American people decide it's time." President Obama 
"We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." President Obama 
"Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." President Obama 
"I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." President Obama 
"The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." President Obama 
"I want to put more people back to workrebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" President Obama 
"These ideas are not about ideologythe reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." President Obama 
"Two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama  
"Thanks to the hard work of the American people, America's coming back." President Obama 
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." President Obama  
"In America, if you work hard, you can get ahead." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy at Lawson State Community College in Birmingham, Alabama. 
Tune in at 4:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the economy at Lawson State Community College: 
Add your name. Get entered to win a trip for two to D.C. Meet the President. It's that easy. 
Get readyenter for your chance to meet President Obama: 
Read how these three women's lives and careers are  
This is a free trip for two to our nation's capitaland you'll get to meet President Obama: 
"It's the end of discrimination against the sick in America." President Obama on how we're  
Think you can nail the punchline? Here's your chance: 
LIVE: President Obama is talking about the success of the Affordable Care Act. 
"It is unbelievable what so many of these young people have accomplished." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama talks with 6-year-old "Supergirls" at the  
Share what inspired you to get involved, and be automatically entered to meet the President: 
Read how  has been an "amazing catalyst for job creation and innovation." 
Five years ago, health care reform became law. Since then, it's helped 16M people get covered:  
On the fifth anniversary of health care reform, see how America is  
Actual facts show that the Affordable Care Act is good for our economy." President Obama  
WATCH: The President calls on the Senate to stop playing politics and confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about helping all young Americans reach their full potential at the  
Vote on the Flunked-Science Four now:  
The President announced a 40 cut in federal carbon pollution over the next decade, saving $18 billion.  
America needs a budget that builds a stronger middle classnot one that revisits failed policies. 
It's that time of year. Check out the Presidential Bracket.  
"We know what works. We know what we have to do. We've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." President Obama 
"Today I announced nearly $500 million in new public and private investment for American manufacturing." President Obama 
"I've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama 
"I want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." President Obama 
"Republicans in Congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." President Obama 
"The Republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of Americans." President Obama 
"There's nothing I'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working Americans get ahead." President Obama 
"Reality has rendered it's judgement: Trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." President Obama 
"We've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." President Obama 
"Since I took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." President Obama 
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health care coverage." President Obama 
"The typical family this year should save more than $700 at the pump." President Obama 
"Every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of 2008." President Obama 
"Today there are more job openings in the United States than any time since 2001." President Obama 
"We're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." President Obama 
"America's businesses have added more than 200,000 jobs each month for 12 straight months." President Obama 
"Do we retreat from the realities of a 21st century economy, or do we advance together?"President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama speaks at the City Club of Cleveland about the importance of middle-class economics. 
Tune in at 2:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics in Cleveland, Ohio. 
Read the President's reply to a high school student's letter about the unequal distribution of school supplies: 
Happy Saint Patrick's Day. 
WATCH: President Obama discusses  with students from across the country. 
Before this round ends, help decide who advances in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament:  
Thanks to  16.4 million more Americans have the security of health coverage. 
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan for quality, affordable higher education for all Americans: 
Read how the Obama administration is fighting state bans on same-sex marriage:  
Time to weigh inwho deserves the  title? 
For real though:  
We've already tripled wind energy in America, but there's more we can do.  
Who will take home the title of  Vote now: 
ICYMI: Nearly 11.7 million Americans enrolled in health care through the open marketplace. 
Solar power is growing at record rates, supporting American jobs and helping fight climate change:  
We're making big strides in combating climate changebut more can be done.  
"No matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." President Obama 
"Inspire us. Lead us. Be the Americans that we need you to be." President Obama  
"Change doesn't happen by itself. It happens because people get organized." President Obama 
"You're not just investing in yourselfyou're investing in your nation." President Obama  
"We're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." President Obama 
"I sent Congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." President Obama  
"I'm only standing here because of scholarships and loans and work study." President Obama  
"I believe America is not a place where higher education is a privilege reserved for the few." President Obama  
"The ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce." President Obama 
"Your most valuable asset is your imagination." President Obama  
"Today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." President Obama  
"After the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created 12 million new jobs." President Obama 
"I believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is talking to students at GeorgiaTech about how to make college in America more affordable. 
Tune in at 1:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability at GeorgiaTech: 
Watch President Obama and FLOTUS reflect on their visit to Selma:  
"Women make immeasurable contributions to our world." President Obama  
"We honor those who walked so we could run. We must run so our children soar." President Obama   
"What a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." President Obama   
"We respect the past, but we dont pine for the past. We dont fear the future." President Obama   
"We know America is what we make of it." President Obama   
"We can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice." President Obama  
"With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity." President Obama   
"This is work for all Americans, and not just some. Not just whites. Not just blacks." President Obama   
"Selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." President Obama   
"If Selma taught us anything, its that our work is never done." President Obama   
"Young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the worlds greatest power." President Obama  
"Thats what this movement was all aboutone leg in our long journey toward freedom." President Obama   
"What greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that America is not yet finished." President Obama   
"What could be more American than what happened in this place?" President Obama   
"They proved that nonviolent change is possible. That love and hope can conquer hate." President Obama  
"What enormous faith these men and women hadfaith in God, but also faith in America." President Obama  
"It was not a clash of armies, but a clash of wills; a contest to determine the true meaning of America." President Obama  
"There are places and moments in America where this nations destiny has been decided ... Selma is such a place." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches.  
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Selma, Alabama:  
WATCH: President Obama discusses the need to encourage the education of girls around the globe.  
Learn about the legacy of Selma, listen to stories from courageous civil rights activists, and  
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a town hall at BenedictEDU about youth opportunities. 
Our economy added 295,000 jobs last monththat's a record 60 consecutive months of private-sector job growth: 
The number of uninsured Americans continues to drop within the first two months of 2015: 
The unemployment rate dropped in every single state during 2014the first time that's happened in 30 years. 
President Obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the environment: 
If you're passionate about marriage equality, take a look at this progressstate by state:  
"Every girl deserves an education." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama and FLOTUS discuss expanding efforts to help  around the world. 
"Throughout history, extraordinary women have fought tirelessly to broaden our democracy's reach." President Obama  
The excuses not to  need to end. 
In the weekly address, the President talks about ensuring that all hard-working Americans can retire with dignity. 
Six hours until a Homeland Security shutdown.  to pass the bipartisan funding bill now. 
"Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy." President Obama  
We can't govern from crisis to crisis. Add your name if you support a long-term plan to   
"You shouldn't feel like you can't make mistakes at this point." President Obama to Noah McQueen  
Great news: Today, the FCC voted in favor of a free and open internet.  
Missed the  on immigration reform last night? Watch it here: 
IMPORTANT: Congress is only one day away from another shutdown.  
We're just two days away from another shutdownyour voice matters more than ever. Add your name:  
Consumer protections for retirement savings are critical for middle-class families. Read why: (via DispatchAlerts) 
Tell new congressional leaders  more manufactured crises over politics: 
ICYMI: A comprehensive immigration reform bill sat on Speaker Boehner's desk for more than 500 days.  
Some in Congress would choose not to fund DHSgov rather than fix our broken immigration system.  
"It's time to end the era of manufactured crises." President Obama on  
Let congressional leaders know that another shutdown is the last thing we need. Add your name now:  
Reminder: The debate in Congress right now is supposed to be about funding the Department of Homeland Security.  
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class. 
Only two months on the job, the new Congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown.  
In the weekly address, the President discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying jobs: 
Every day is  
Here are eight ways  has proved the critics wrong: (h/t voxdotcom) 
It's more than health insuranceit's peace of mind. 
LIVE: The President announces new national monuments and an initiative to protect the nation's unique outdoor spaces. 
"Trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the U.S." President Obama 
Too many lawmakers still deny the science of climate change. Call them out now:  
The Affordable Care Act is helping millions of familieswe can't go back now. 
The deadline is here. Go  
Last call for health insurance this year:  
"Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids." 
Get it done today: 
In the weekly address, the President lays out his plan to ensure more kids graduate from school ready for the future: 
Just like your favorite romantic comediesbut with benefits:  
The United States can make real progress on climate change. Read more from Podesta44: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House  at Stanford. 
Make sure your loved ones are covered:  
Speaking of  
So, this happened:  
No more gamesCongress should stop the political posturing and make progress on immigration.  
Three days left:  
Happening now: President Obama discusses taking action against ISIL. 
The President discusses the importance of health care and marriage equality progress in his interview with BuzzFeed: 
Of all the things you do today, getting covered before the enrollment deadline could be the most crucial:  
It's the final countdown: Only five days left in the enrollment period.  now. 
It's time to  Watch: 
Joshua got covered so that he could stay healthywithout worrying about expensive premiums. 
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean millions of Americans could lose their health insurance: 
President Obama sat down with voxdotcom to discuss health care, the economy, and America's position in the world: 
Watch the message that aired tonight during the  from President Obama:  to stop sexual assault. 
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama highlights the country's economic progress. 
Watch: These people are why the Affordable Care Act matters. 
"Let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." President Obama 
"I'm not pushing these ideas for my sake. I'm pushing them because I think this is where America needs to go." President Obama  
"At a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." President Obama 
"I want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." President Obama 
"We have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." President Obama 
"America is poised for another good year... as long as Washington works to keep this progress going." President Obama 
"And, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." President Obama 
"Over the past 59 months, the private sector has added almost 12 million new jobs." President Obama 
"In 2014, our economy created 3.1 million jobsand that's the best year of job growth since the 1990s." President Obama 
LIVE: The President answers questions from students and faculty at Ivy Tech Community College in Indianapolis. 
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall: 
The economy added 257,000 jobs in January, part of the strongest three-month growth since 1997. Let's keep it going: 
Good news: Wind and solar energy have tripled since 2008. 
WATCH: No one's invincible.  
Jake has coverage he can count on, for less than he expected.  
The last chance to  for 2015 is only days away. Find a plan today: 
Today, President Obama met with young immigrants whose lives are positively affected by  
Not that much time left to  
Check out President Obama's comprehensive budget plan, and see how he's investing in middle-class families: 
"We have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the 21st century. 
"I will keep doing everything I can to help more working families make ends meet and get ahead." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama lays the foundation for focusing on middle-class economics: 
Check getting covered off of your to-do list. Find a plan that works for you before the February 15th deadline: 
Climate change deniers, take note: The vast majority of Americans agree that it's time to  
Happening now: President Obama speaks about investing in precision medicine to improve health and disease treatment. 
Six years ago, the President signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Actbut the fight for equal pay is far from over. 
Parents will always worry about their kids. Give them some peace of mind today.  
Get a state-by-state breakdown on how much the President's  will benefit the economy: 
9.5 million Americans have signed up for coverageand we're not done yet. 
VP stops by TheEllenShow with a message for young adults: Give your mom some peace of mind and  
If you need health insurance, find a plan that's right for you right now:  
"People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." Read President Obama's latest message to OFA: 
Watch the weekly address: We have to do everything we can to help more Americans get ahead in the new economy. 
"Somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and Mr. Class'Mr. Cub'is ready to play two." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Watch here: 
These senators are at odds with 97 of climate scientists and NASA.  
Watch: Don't be THAT person. Stop waiting around and  today. 
"I am deeply committed to protecting this core constitutional right." President Obama on the 42nd anniversary of  
Happening now: President Obama is being interviewed by YouTube stars Bethany Mota, GloZell Green and Hank Green. 
Read President Obama's latest message to OFA supporters after his State of the Union address: 
Find out which senators just went on the record to say that man-made climate change isn't real:  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at KUNews about middle-class economics. Tune in: 
Next stop: Kansas. Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics. 
LIVE: A day after his State of the Union address, President Obama is in Idaho spekaing at BoiseStateLive. Tune in: 
President Obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. Take a stand on this: 
It's  Check out the schedule of White House staff answering your questions. 
Let's go. 
"Lets begin this new chaptertogetherand lets start the work right now." President Obama   
"My fellow Americans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times." President Obama  
"I want future generations to know that we are a people that see our differences as a great gift." President Obama  
"If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." President Obama   
"Its possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." President Obama  
Retweet if you agree:   
"Ive seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." President Obama  
"I know the good, and optimistic, and big-hearted generosity of the American people."  President Obama  
"I still believe we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." President Obama 
"I know how tempting such cynicism may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong." President Obama  
"Leadingalwayswith the example of our values. Thats what makes us exceptional. Thats what keeps us strong."  President Obama  
"I will not let this Congress endanger the health of our children by turning back our efforts." President Obama   
"14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century." President Obama   
"No challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change." President Obama   
The science is clear: We have to   
"When what you're doing hasn't worked for 50 years, it's time to try something new." President Obama  
"We need a tax code that truly helps working Americans trying to get a leg up in the new economy." President Obama  
"When it comes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, I know theres bipartisan support in this chamber." President Obama  
"21st century businesses will rely on American science, technology, research and development." President Obama  
"Lets pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year. President Obama  
"To every CEO in America: If you want someone who will get the job done and done right, hire a veteran." President Obama  
"As a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the American dream they helped defend." President Obama 
"Free community college is possibleand I want to spread that idea all across America." President Obama  
"Thats why I am sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community collegeto zero." President Obama  
We still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give American workers a voice. President Obama   
"If you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it." President Obama  
"It's 2015. It's time." President Obama on equal pay  
"Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave." President Obama  
"Were the only advanced country on Earth that doesnt guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave." President Obama  
Paid leave should be a right for all workersnot just a privilege. Let's   
"Middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." President Obama  
"This country does best when everyone gets their fair shot." President Obama  
Tonight, together, lets do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American. President Obama  
Retweet if you agree with President Obama.  
Millions more now have the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance, thanks to   
"In the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health coverage." President Obama  
Over the past five years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs. President Obama  
"In two weeks, I will send this Congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan." President Obama  
"It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come." President Obama  
"We salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 generation who has served to keep us safe." President Obama  
"More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before." President Obama  
"Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." President Obama  
"Tonight, after a breakthrough year for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the State of the Union to Congress. Watch here:  
Here's the best place to watch President Obama deliver his sixth State of the Union at 9:00 p.m. ET:  
Add your name: Take a stand for middle-class families.  
If you think it's time for Congress to get to work on an agenda that moves us forward, add your name:  
Watch: President Obama gives a behind-the-scenes look into tonight's  address. 
Tonight, the President will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. Say you'll stand alongside him: 
Don't miss the State of the Union address at 9:00 p.m. ET tonight. Tune in here:  
Ready?  
"From Dr. King's courage, we draw strength and the resolve to continue climbing toward the promised land." President Obama  
Get ready: In the State of the Union, President Obama will outline policies to help middle-class families.  
"All of us have a right to be proud of the progress America has made." President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama previews his State of the Union address on Tuesday. Watch here:  
Wishing FLOTUS the happiest birthday today. Thanks for being an inspiration every day of the year. 
It's official: 2014 was the hottest year on record. It's time to  
Thanks to  fewer people are facing financial distress because of medical bills. More from nytimes: 
Retweet if you believe solar energy is critical to America's future.  
LAST CALL: Enroll now and have health insurance on February 1st. 
Read the latest op-ed from vj44 about the importance of paid family leave:  
Enroll today for health insurance that starts on February 1st: 
ICYMI: President Obama wants your internet to move faster.  
The U.S. solar industry is booming. Read more from BW:  
Today is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st.  
President Obama is working to cut harmful methane emissions. More from TIME:  
LIVE: The President is discussing new steps to help Americans get access to  
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama lay out new steps to increase access to  
Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the House just voted to roll back progress. It's time for solutions, not politics. 
Tomorrow is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. Check your options:  
The deadline to  is coming up fast. Don't miss your chance to find a plan that works for you: 
Have health insurance on February 1st. Sign up today.  
Over 58 straight months of growth, the private sector has added 11.2 million jobs. 
Great news: At the start of 2015, workers in twenty states saw an increase to the minimum wage.  
"When we Americans put our minds together and our shoulder to the wheel, there's nothing we can't do." President Obama  
"I hope Congress joins us in this national movement to protect the privacy of our children." President Obama  
"Michelle and I are like parents everywherewe want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." President Obama 
"We want our kids privacy protectedno matter where they sign on." President Obama  
"I'm announcing new steps to protect the identities and privacy of the American people." President Obama  
"If we're going to be connected, then we need to be protected." President Obama  
"Today, I'm focusing on how to better protect American consumers from identity theft." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the Federal Trade Commission about tackling consumer privacy. 
Watch the President speak at 11:55 a.m. ET about ways to tackle identity theft and improve confidence in technology: 
"America is coming back. And I want to go full speed ahead." President Obama 
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses America's resurgence and how he'll continue to build progress. 
LIVE: The President is in Knoxville discussing new initiatives to help Americans go to college.  
FACT: The annual average unemployment rate fell 1.2 percent between 2013 and 2014, the largest decline since 1984. 
It's official: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999. 
LIVE: President Obama is in Arizona speaking about the middle class and the housing market. 
President Obama is speaking at 12:45 p.m. ET about how far the housing market has come since the recession. Tune in: 
If you don't have health insurance,  today: 
Great news: The uninsured rate in the U.S. has dropped to 12.9 percent.  
"America's coming back. And I'm going to be on your side every step of the way." President Obama  
"We may not all be rooting for the Lions, but America is rooting for Detroit." President Obama 
"Saving the American auto industry was the right thing to do." President Obama  
"No matter how tough times get, Americans are tougher." President Obama  
"We can help every American get the education they need to get ahead in this country." President Obama 
"America's resurgence is real. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise." President Obama  
"We've now had a 57-month streak of private-sector job creation." President Obama  
"Last year was the strongest year for job growth since the 1990s." President Obama  
"Detroit always comes back." President Obama 
LIVE: The President is speaking about his decision to save the American auto industry and over 1 million jobs. 
Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak from Michigan about the resurgent American auto industry: 
Having health care is a big deal. Check out your options today:  
Don't forget: This is why we fought for health care reform. 
After almost a week into the new year, keep up your  resolution by getting covered: 
"Obamacare's guaranteed health coverage changes lives in first year" More from latimes: 
Take care of yourself today for tomorrow: 
"I will miss Stuart Scott ... Over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired uswith courage and love." President Obama 
Watch the weekly address: VP Biden wants people to  in the new year. 
Today is a great day to  
Make getting health insurance one of the first things you do this year: 
Here's to a happy and healthy 2015. 
LAST CALL: Chip in to keep building a truly grassroots movement. 
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in now to keep pushing this movement forward. 
Own a part of this movementchip in now: 
What motivates you to fight for change? Take this one-question survey: 
Before the ball drops, make sure you chip in to help fight for change in 2015: 
Let's fight for progress next year: 
President Obama wants to know what's at the top of your agenda in 2015: 
Not much time leftchip in and help start 2015 strong: 
This is how grassroots organizing is making progress in the fight to reduce gun violence: 
Your support is building a movement of millions: 
This deadline matters for anyone who believes in fighting for changechip in today: 
Don't let up. Keep fighting for what you believe inchip in right now: 
Your voice matters. Own a piece of this movement, and let's start 2015 off strong: 
You can make a difference for next year right nowchip in today: 
Take this surveyit's only one question: 
Let's start 2015 strongchip in right now: 
Take a moment and say what you're ready to fight for in 2015: 
See why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America: 
Chip in to be a part of this movement for change: 
There's a lot to do next yearchip in right now: 
Your commitment makes this grassroots movement what it is. Own a piece of it: 
Send a messageshow you stand with progress in 2015: 
This will take you less than a minute: 
Chip in if you want to help make progress on the issues you care most about next year: 
President Obama: "I won't stop fighting for the American people until the day I leave this office. That's a promise." 
This is a big deadlinedon't miss out. 
Answer this one question survey: What issue will you keep fighting for in 2015? 
Read President Obama's latest message to OFA supporters about fighting alongside him in 2015: 
Grassroots organizing: This is worth investing in. 
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." President Obama 
ICYMI: Our economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 years. 
Watch President Obama and the First Lady wish all Americans a merry Christmas and happy holidays: 
Have a merry Christmas. 
Say hello to friends you know and everyone you meet. 
LAST CHANCE: Sign this holiday card for President Obama before it's too late. 
Plan ahead and  
President Obama vowed that 2014 would be a year of action. Read how he delivered on that promise: 
In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. Read more: 
Only a few hours left to make sure your name is on OFA's holiday card for President Obama: 
It's the holiday seasonsign this card for President Obama: 
You care about your loved ones. So make sure they get covered: 
There's still time to sign the OFA holiday card for the President: 
"Pick any metric you wantAmericas resurgence is real." Watch President Obama's weekly address: 
When you're with your family this holiday season, talk to your loved ones about getting covered: 
In this week's address, President Obama reflects on the progress we made in 2014. 
Five reasons why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America: h/t pfeiffer44 
Happening now: President Obama is holding a news conference. Tune in here: 
Be prepared.  today:  
Send season's greetings to President Obamayou can even include a personal note: 
After nine years, the best source of "truthiness" is coming to an end. Congratulations StephenAtHome. 
You don't need a stamp to send this holiday card: 
These folks are ready to lead in the fight against climate change:  
Wish the President happy holidays. Sign OFA's card: 
"Number of Uninsured Americans Near Historic Low" More from TIME:  
It's beginning to look a lot like holiday card season. Sign OFA's card for President Obama: 
"Obamacares Best Week Yet Brings 1 Million New Sign-Ups" More from business: 
Sign OFA's holiday card for President Obamathen send a note to tell him what you'll be fighting for in 2015: 
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on Cuba. 
WATCH: President Obama took action to protect Bristol Bay in Alaska, one of America's greatest natural treasures. 
Chag Sameach.  
Year in review: The U.S. economy took a major step forward in 2014. 
LAST CALL: There are only a few hours left to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st.  
Today is your last chance to enroll for health coverage that starts New Year's Day: 
Get covered today: Sign up right now to get health coverage that begins January 1st. 
"When the world calls on America, we call on youour men and women in uniform." President Obama  
"We're free and safe and secure over here because you're willing to serve over there." President Obama  
"We can never thank you enough." President Obama addressing the troops  
"When it comes to our troops ... We stand united." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is in New Jersey thanking the troops for all they do for our country. Tune in: 
President Obama is speaking to American troops at 2:45 p.m. ET to express his gratitude for their service: 
DEADLINE: Sign up today for health insurance that starts on January 1st. 
You don't have much time left to start 2015 with health insurance. Sign up here:  
Tomorrow's deadline to  for the new year is important: Don't miss it. 
Get covered today, and you'll have health insurance on day one of 2015: 
Tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for health coverage that starts January 1st. Sign up right now:  
You don't have much time left to get health insurance by January 1st.  now: 
Start 2015 with health insurance:  
"No one sacrifices more to preserve our blessings than our extraordinary men and women in uniform." President Obama 
There are only  to get health coverage on January 1st. Don't wait any longer:  
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama thanks American men and women in uniform. 
If you're thinking about having a  make sure you  
Focus on what matters this holiday season. Make sure your loved ones   
Exercise and health insurance: Two ways to have a  
A big part of a  is making sure you have health insurance: 
President Obama's  could have a big impact on reducing the deficit. 
During this season of giving, save a donation to support grassroots organizing: 
Sign up now to be covered in the new year:  
Celebrate the holiday season with the ones you loveand make sure they  
"This is an issue that's bigger than politics." President Obama on early childhood education  
"Early education is one of the best investments we can make." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House Summit on Early Education. Watch here:  
Already covered? Make sure to check out your options:  
President Obama's  could give our economy a big boost: 
Immigration reform makes both moral and economic sense. Read more from PennyPritzker: 
"This is what makes America exceptional. We welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world. President Obama 
Immigrants have been a net plus to our economy and a net plus to our society. President Obama  
We just need Congress to work with us to create a common-sense law to fix this immigration system. President Obama  
"We're going to bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules." President Obama  
"The best way to solve this system is by working together." President Obama  
"Nashville has one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country ... They are us." President Obama  
LIVE: The President is holding a town hall meeting in Nashville about  Watch here: 
The President will speak in Nashville at 3:25 p.m. ET about how to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in: 
Watch: Last night, President Obama sat in for StephenAtHome during "The Word". 
President Obama sits down with BET tonight at 6 p.m. ET. Watch a preview here: 
In Arizona, a group of OFA fellows have become difference-makers. Read more: 
Side with cleaner air, not big polluters: 
You have the power to make history. Apply to become an OFA spring fellowthe deadline is today: 
Holidays can be hectic. Take this off your mind:  
Stand up for clean air:  
ICYMI: 57 months of job growth = the longest streak on record. Read more: 
"We still have a lot of work to do together. But we have real, tangible evidence of our progress." President Obama 
Watch the weekly address: We're making real economic progressbut we have to keep it up. 
In just the first two weeks of enrollment, 1.5 million Americans applied for affordable health coverage: 
The President proposed new standards for smog-forming pollution. Add your name to fight for cleaner air: 
The Clean Air Act has been improving air quality for over 40 yearsread what GinaEPA wrote about proposed updates: 
Our economy has created 2.65 million jobs so far this year, higher than any full year since the late 1990s. 
Our economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the most in nearly three years:  
Retweet if you want to see solutions, not political games.  
Instead of votes that make our broken immigration system worse, we need solutions. Say you're tired of the games: 
LIVE: Celebrate the start of the holiday season by watching the National Christmas Tree lighting at the WhiteHouse. 
The House just voted to make our broken immigration system worse, not better. It's time for comprehensive solutions.  
A first-class opportunity for anybody wanting to sharpen their grassroots organizing skills: 
You've got options. Take a look:   
Read the President's latest op-ed on why he acted on immigration:  
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations Conference. 
Be prepared.  
Big news: More than 200 U.S. companies are supporting the President's plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants. 
Have you checked your options yet?  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy. Tune in: 
WATCH: President Obama is discussing progress in the fight against Ebola. 
Don't wait to  Check out your options today: 
Make history in your community: 
Getting covered is easier than you think: 
"Let's recommit ourselves to achieving an AIDS-free generation in our lifetimes." President Obama  
President Obama is taking a big step towards fixing our broken immigration system. Stand up for  
Now accepting applications: OFA is running a specialized program to train grassroots organizers of all levels. 
Check out the offers on this marketplace today:  
Check this off your to-do list: Find quality, affordable health care.  
Make sure everyone in your life who needs it knows the health care marketplace is open again:  
There's no better time to be thankful for your healthbut make sure you're prepared for anything:  
The most important marketplace open today:  
Jeff is the entrepreneur he always dreamed hed bebecause of health care reform. Read more:  
Be thankful for your healthbut be smart about your future.  now: 
Thankful.  
"From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is pardoning the National Thanksgiving Turkey. Tune in now: 
Don't miss the annual turkey pardoning at 2:15 p.m. ET: 
Get the tools needed to make a difference in your communityapply for the OFA 2015 Spring Fellowship Program: 
ICYMI: The President sent a message to OFA supporters about the importance of taking action on immigration reform. 
"Americans are tired of gridlock. We're ready to move forward." President Obama  
"I'm going to do what I can to make the system work better." President Obama  
"When folks in Congress question my authority to take action, I've got one answer: Pass a bill."President Obama  
"The actions we're taking will grow the economy for everybody." President Obama  
President Obama: I still believe the best way to solve this problem is by coming together to pass common-sense immigration reform. 
"Being a nation of immigrants gives us this huge entrepreneurial advantage over other nations." President Obama  
"Immigrants have made this City of Broad Shoulders their home." President Obama  
"It is good to be home." President Obama in Chicago  
WATCH: The President is in Chicago speaking about how to help fix our broken immigration system.  
President Obama is at the CopernicusCtr in Chicago speaking about  at 5:35 p.m. ET. Tune in: 
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement. 
Add your name: Support the President's action on immigration reform today.  
FACT: Thanks to  the economy will grow and average wages will go up for both U.S. born and immigrant workers. 
Let your voice be heard: Stand with the President's  
"We are a nation of immigrants. It has always given America a big advantage over other nations." President Obama 
The President sent a message to OFA supporters about why he's taking  
FACT: President Obama's  will boost the U.S. GDP by tens of billions of dollars. 
Watch the weekly address: The President discusses his plan to fix our broken immigration system.  
We didnt raise the Statue of Liberty with her back to the worldwe did it with her light shining. President Obama  
Generations of immigrants have made this country what it is. It's what makes us special. President Obama  
We're a nation that values families, and we should work together to keep them together. President Obama  
We're a nation that gives people a chance to take responsibilityand make amends. President Obama  
"The day I sign that bill into law, then the actions I've taken will no longer be necessary." President Obama  
When members of Congress question my authority to take action, I have a simple answer: Pass a bill. President Obama  
I know some critics call this action 'amnesty.' It's not amnesty. Amnesty is what we have now. President Obama  
This is not just a Latino issue. This is an American issue. President Obama  
"Not everybody will qualify under this provisionthat's the truth. That's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." President Obama 
"Well keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. But that means felons, not families." President Obama 
I wasn't going to sit idly by and not do at least what I was authorized to do. President Obama  
We're not giving up. We're going to keep working with members of Congress to make reform a reality. President Obama  
"Our immigration system has been broken for a very long time, and everyone knows it." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, discussing his  Watch here: 
President Obama will speak about the steps he's taking on immigration at 3:55 p.m. ET. Tune in:  
The  President Obama is taking will grow the economy and reduce the deficit by $25 billion in 10 years. 
Retweet if you think President Obama did the right thing by taking action to help fix our broken immigration system.  
The President is taking steps to fix our broken immigration systemstand up to those who want to block progress: 
Add your name if you believe it's time for action to help fix our broken immigration system:  
The President is taking action to help fix our immigration systemnow Congress must do its part.  
"To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better  Pass a bill." President Obama 
"My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants." President Obama  
"Its about who we are as a country and who we want to be for future generations." President Obama  
"Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society." President Obama  
"If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law." President Obama  
"What Im describing is accountabilitya common-sense, middle-ground approach." President Obama  
"Most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs." President Obama  
"Today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it." President Obama  
LIVE: The President is addressing the nation about actions he's taking to help fix our immigration system. 
Watch at 8 p.m. ET: President Obama is laying out common-sense steps forward on immigration:  
Everyone agrees our immigration system is broken, and Congress has stalled on reform. That's why the President is taking  
Ready for  
Tonight the President will announce the actions he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in at 8 pm ET: 
A better immigration system will strengthen our economy and our familiesstand up for  
A very happy birthday to the VP. 
Tonight the President will address the nation on the steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system.  
Millions are getting the coverage they deserve. Make sure you are too:   
Tune in tomorrow: The President will address the nation on the common-sense steps he's taking on immigration. 
Everyone needs that reminder to do something. This is yoursmake sure you  today: 
The President will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system. 
"Every child deserves a shot at a world class education." President Obama  
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, we should expect our schools to be wired. President Obama  
"Every decision I make is aimed at one goalthat is to restore opportunity to everyone who works hard for it." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama is speaking about how technology is transforming schools.  
Heath care open enrollment is here again. Find a plan that's right for you. 
ICYMI: Health care enrollment is back.   
This petition is an important way you can support  
Today: Check 'sign up for health insurance' off your to-do list.   
Why gamble with your health? It's easy to get quality, affordable health coverage.  
Before Obamacare, finding coverage was nearly impossible for Rick:  
President Obama's latest commitment shows momentum and U.S. leadership in the global fight against climate change: 
Add your name to join the team that believes quality, affordable health coverage is worth fighting for: 
Now's your chance to get covered. The health care marketplace is now open again for all Americans:  
"So spread the word. Tell your friends and family members to get covered." President Obama 
Thanks to health care reform, Doris finally has an affordable plan.  
Watch the weekly addresstell your friends and family to  and  
The health care marketplace is open for businesscheck out your options today:  
Let's go: The health care marketplace is open again.  
LAST CHANCE: Donate before tonight's midnight deadline. 
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: All donations will be matched dollar for dollar by other supporters. 
Chip in $5 right now to support OFA go all in for health care: 
DEADLINE: There's a lot at stake in the weeks ahead, and your donation will help this fight for change. 
You're not an Incredible.   
There's something coming tomorrowand it's going to be big:  
Tonight's budget deadline matters. Chip in now: 
Add your name: OFA is going all in for  and here's how you can do your part.  
CHIP IN NOW: Get your impact doubled now, before this critical budget deadline. 
Drop everything: Watch thisit's time to get covered and stay covered.  
Tomorrow. Are you in?  
Funke's health coverage isn't in jeopardy, and she can afford it, too:  
Here's the deal: Chip in today and your donation will be matcheddollar-for-dollar. 
If you believe health care reform is worth fighting for, add your name: 
No kidding: Every grassroots donation will be matched by another OFA supporter. Chip in today: 
WATCH: President Obama is urging the FCC to protect  and treat all internet traffic equally. 
Organizers across the country are going all in for health care this fall. Join in: 
If you chip in right now, another supporter will match your donationmeaning you'll make double the impact: 
You can make a real impact for  right now: 
Donate todayyour contribution will be matched dollar for dollar: 
ICYMI: The United States has made a groundbreaking deal with China on cutting carbon pollution.  
It starts with you. Watch the new ItsOnUs video aimed at ending sexual assault: 
This is no time to sit on the sidelines. Do your part to help Americans get covered: 
The world's two largest economies are standing together to fight climate change:  
Say no to the idea of fast lanes for the internet:  
This is a huge win for anyone that's fighting to  
Got a minute and a social media account? Here's an easy way to get involved in the fight for progress: 
The  marketplace opens Saturdayspread the word about why getting covered matters: 
Stand with the President's global leadership in the fight against climate change:  
Watch: Amazing things can happen when people organize. 
Add your name if you support the President's historic agreement with China on climate change:  
This is huge: The United States and China have just agreed on an ambitious new joint plan to cut carbon pollution. 
The fight for change is not over. Check out President Obama's message to OFA supporters: 
Watch: This is what you should know about OFA. 
This is about keeping the internet open and freesign the petition:  
Let's keep fighting for real, lasting change: 
You have the power to make real, lasting change, but you're not in it alone. Join the movement:  
The internet shouldn't have gatekeepers. Add your name if you agree:  
"Well have your backsjust like you had ours." President Obama. Happy Veterans Day. 
Time is winding downsay you'll do your part:  
President Obama took a stand to keep the internet open and free. Sign the petition to protect  
"Your voice is needed like never before." Read President Obama's message to OFA supporters: 
Sign this petition if you support an internet that's open and free:  
No one ever said the fight for change would be easythat's why it needs you: 
Let's go.  
This is important: President Obama is urging the FCC to keep the internet open and free.  
This work has never been more important: 
Watch: OFA is a grassroots movement dedicated to the fight for real, lasting change. 
President Obama: This Veterans Dayand every daylets make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them. 
Watch the weekly address: For Veterans Day, President Obama pays tribute to the men and women in uniform. 
Voters across the country took a decisive stand on raising the minimum wage.  
For the first time since the 1990s, the private sector has added at least 200K jobs for nine consecutive months.  
The unemployment rate is falling as fast as any point in the last 30 years. Let's keep building that momentum. 
Jackie Robinson West All Stars: America's champions. 
This is undeniable progress on the minimum wage. Congrats to the OFA volunteers who are fighting to  
"I'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." President Obama 
Happening now: President Obama is holding a press conference. Tune in. 
Watch the weekly address: President Obama wants a strong economy with opportunities for women and working families. 
WATCH: The President and First Lady are welcoming children to the White House for trick-or-treating.  
Tricks, treats, and hugs.  
Don't get scared. Get covered.  
"It's up to us to restore the ideals that made this country great." President Obama  
"We have to raise our voices to demand that women get paid fairly." President Obama  
President Obama: Let's encourage more women and more girls to go into fields like engineering, science, and math.  
"We've got to catch up to the 21st century. We've got to pass a fair pay law." President Obama  
"Nobody who works full time in America should be raising their kids below the poverty line." President Obama  
"About 28 million Americans would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $10.10." President Obama  
"When women do well, everybody does well."  President Obama  
President Obama: We have to ensure women are full and equal participants in the economy.  
"We've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all Americans."  President Obama 
"Ten million Americans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance."  President Obama 
"For the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent."  President Obama 
"Happy Halloween, everybody. I see a lot of you came as college students."  President Obama at Rhode Island College 
LIVE: President Obama is at Rhode Island College speaking about how women succeed in today's economy. 
Even the scariest haunted house is no match for going without health insurance.  
It's all hands on deck for  includes yours: 
"Bold, big-hearted, and Boston strong, Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." President Obama on the passing Tom Menino 
This is why reform matters: Health care should be available when you need it. 
Team Obamacare is for anyone who thinks all Americans deserve access to quality, affordable health care: 
October has been a good month for marriage equality:  
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to American health care workers fighting Ebola. 
The dangers of extreme weather can be heartbreaking. It's time to  
Here's your reminder to take this important  survey: 
Retweet if you agree the fight against climate change can't wait.  
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in to watch. 
Who will make the biggest difference during the  open enrollment period? That's up to you. 
Take this quick health care surveyit's important everyone gets the facts and information needed to  
Health care reform is helping millions of Americans. Keep the momentum going: 
Millions of Americans still need to get health insurancethis is your chance to make an impact: 
Take a stand for  
On November 15th, OFA volunteers will hit the ground running for health care enrollment: 
Better health coverage at lower costs isn't just a goal anymoreit's actually happening. 
Volunteers across the country have helped millions get covered. Team Obamacare needs you. 
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the measures taken to respond to Ebola at home and abroad. 
Will you weigh in on  
This matters: Obamacare is helping millions get quality, affordable health care. 
For everyone who has health insurance, here's a big way  works for you: 
The other side isn't done trying to derail health care reform. Join the team fighting to protect it: 
Take this short survey about health care: 
Defend health care reformjoin Team Obamacare: 
The countdown until open enrollment has begun.  
Obamacare is reducing costs and improving access to health care for millions. That's worth fighting for: 
"Has the new law worked? For many, the answer is a resounding yes." More from AsburyParkPress:  
Thousands have taken a stand for health care reformthe fight's not over. Add your name: 
Here are ways to do your part before November 15th:  
Read this story about  from BloombergNews: "None of the most dire predictions has come to pass." 
Add your name: Tell lawmakers that minimum wage workers shouldn't have to raise a family in poverty.  
Are you ready for Round 2? You should be part of this: 
When the health insurance marketplace opens again on November 15th, be part of the team helping out: 
How many can you answer? Test your knowledge about the minimum wage:  
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses what you need to know about Ebola. 
Add your name if you're one of the 7 out of 10 Americans that supports raising the minimum wage:  
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would lift nearly a million people out of poverty. Let's get it done:  
Add your name if you agree: Higher wages are key to a stronger economyand that starts with a higher minimum wage. 
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
If you do one meaningful thing today, take the pledge to help Americans get covered: 
Team  needs you: 
Make this  pledge: 
Last spring, volunteers across the country helped millions get health insurance. It's about time to do that again: 
Make this simple commitment: Say you'll help spread the word about health care enrollment. 
Long-term unemployment is on the decline. Let's keep the economy moving in the right direction:  
Get involved again, and help people  
This work needs you. Pledge to do your part for health care enrollment: 
You ready?  
 MT FLOTUS: The First Lady wants to know    
LAST CALL: Add your name tonight to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution. 
It's easy to take a meaningful stand for cutting carbon pollution right now:  
This is a big moment in the fight against climate changestick it to climate change deniers by adding your name: 
Tonight is the deadline to have your name included in OFA's public comments to the EPA: 
Learn why major companies are dropping their support of ALEC:  
DEADLINE TONIGHT: Add your name to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution. 
This is one meaningful way you can fight climate change now:  
This WhiteHouse white board lays out how raising the minimum wage will improve livesand the economy:  
This is a new record-breaking level: In 2013, vehicle mileage averaged 24.1 miles per gallon. 
"A hard days work deserves a fair days pay." President Obama  
If you support cutting carbon pollution from the air, add your name here:  
Watch the weekly address: President Obama makes the case for why it's time to  
"Today, we honor Malala and Kailashs achievements." President Obama on the Nobel Peace Prize announcement 
WATCH:  hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage will get a leg up. 
There's support from both sides of the aisle on raising the minimum wage:  
WATCH: Americans earning the minimum wage will be able to do more  
If you think no one who works full time should raise a family in poverty, sign this petition:  
"It's long past time for us to raise the minimum wage."  President Obama  
It's time:  both the economy and American workers get a hand. 
Watch President Obama's message to OFA supporters: It's time to raise the minimum wage.  
Happening now: President Obama is participating in a town hall with members of the CrossCampusLA community. 
Cutting carbon pollution will lead to a safer climate. Take action: 
Check this out: More than 500,000 people have signed the  petition. 
There are many reasons to  are just a few: 
Let the other side know: Growing the economy and fighting climate change aren't contradictory.  
It's time to get real about climate changestarting with the EPA's plan to cut carbon pollution:  
Here's your chance to take a stand against climate change denial:  
It's not just workers: According to a new survey, support is high among employers to  
Your signature is your voiceuse it to support raising the minimum wage:  
Lew, a business owner in St. Louis, knows that a fair wage is a key part of the American dream. Check out his story: 
Have you signed the  petition yet? Say you're ready for America to get a raise. 
This is an easy way to show your support for cleaner air:  
A few facts about the minimum wage you might not know:  
ICYMI: Yesterday was an important day for marriage equality.  
How much do you know about the minimum wage?  
Step upshow your support for cutting carbon pollution:  
Retweet if you're a proud supporter of marriage equality.  
These businesses wanted their employees to be fairly compensated. So they took action.  
Add your name to support a raise for 28 million Americans across the country:  
The Supreme Court just cleared the path for marriage equality in at least five more states.  
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial dedication.  
Good news: America's businesses extended the longest streak of private sector job gains on record.  
"The folks who keep blocking a minimum wage increase are running out of excuses." President Obama  
Watch the weekly address: Although the economy has improved, there's still more to do to help middle class families. 
Here's an in-depth look at how our economy has made real progress in the last six years:  
See why raising the minimum wage is a good idea for working Americans and their families:  
There's been great progress over the past 55 monthsit's time to  to help keep the economy growing. 
Progress: The unemployment rate just fell to 5.9, the lowest rate since July 2008.  
Great news: The U.S. economy added 248,000 jobs in September.  
Retweet if you believe our economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down.  
"The story of America is a story of progress." President Obama  
"It is the American people who have made the progress of the last six years possible." President Obama  
"Americas economic greatness has never trickled from the top downit grows from a rising, thriving middle class." President Obama 
President Obama: While affordable health care might still be a threat to freedom on Fox News, its working pretty well in the real world. 
"Let's catch up to 2014." President Obama on  for women 
"Let's agree that no one who works full time in America should ever have to work in poverty." President Obama 
"If we raise the minimum wage, we wont just put more money in workers pocketstheyll spend that money." President Obama  
"Let's keep reforming our education system so young people at every level have the same shot at success." President Obama  
"Im setting a new goal: By the end of this decade, lets enroll six million children in high-quality preschool." President Obama 
"America is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth." President Obama  
"When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, its approaching 3 percent." President Obama  
"We're slowing the cost of health careand we're covering more people at the same time." President Obama  
"Premiums are rising at a rate tied for the lowest on record." President Obama  
"Today, we have seen a dramatic slowdown in the rising cost of health care." President Obama  
"In the decade before the Affordable Care ActAKA Obamacaredouble-digit premium increases were common." President Obama  
"Last year, our elementary and middle school students had the highest math and reading scores on record." President Obama  
"Today, theyre building and selling new cars at the fastest rate in eight years." President Obama  
"We have to make our economy work for every working American." President Obama  
"When the middle class thrives ... America thrives. When it doesnt, America doesn't." President Obama  
"This is the longest, uninterrupted stretch of job growth in our history." President Obama  
"Today, our businesses are hiring 200,000 Americans per month." President Obama  
"As Americans, we can and should be proud of the progress our country has made over these past six years." President Obama  
"American leadership is the one constant in an uncertain world." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the future of our 21st century economy. Tune in:  
President Obama will address the future of the economy at NorthwesternU at 2:15 pm ET. Don't miss it:  
ICYMI: OFA volunteers across the country are preparing for the second health care enrollment period. 
You now have basic rights and protections when it comes to health insurancethanks to  
State and local governments are taking action to  
"Together, we renew our commitment to better prevent, detect, and treat breast cancer." President Obama on Breast Cancer Awareness Month 
A year ago today, extreme voices in Congress shut down the governmentand here's one reason why they won't try again: 
Support cutting carbon pollution:  
Health care reform is all about  for you and your family: 
Add your name if you agreecutting carbon pollution is just common sense:  
Thanks to health care reform, getting covered could be more affordable than you think: 
ICYMI: President Obama showed the world how the United States is leading in the fight against  change. 
"The people of the world look to us to lead. And we welcome that responsibility." President Obama 
Check this out: OFA volunteers are gearing up to help get the word out for the next health care enrollment period. 
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the responsibility America has to lead. 
Retweet if you think it's time to  h/t GovInslee 
Economic growth in the second quarter was even stronger than originally estimated: 
Happening now: The President is delivering remarks at the Global Health Security Agenda Summit. Tune in. 
The President has a plan to fight climate changeyou should support it:  
President Obama just designated the largest marine reserve in the world. Read more:  
How President Obama is answering the call to  
Good news: More insurers are offering health plans on the marketplace, meaning more choices for consumers. 
Between droughts, wildfires, and dangerous storms, the effects of  change are real. It's time to act: 
Happening now: The President is delivering remarks at the United Nations on the Ebola epidemic. Tune in: 
Watch as President Obama wishes L'Shanah Tovah, a good year, to those celebrating  
Add your name to support taking action on climate change:  
These Fortune 500 companies are stepping up their commitment to fight climate change:  
It's time to  
WATCH: President Obama is addressing the United Nations General Assembly now.  
Retweet if you agree.  
Now is the time to step up and support serious action to fight climate change:  
"The most important title is not president or prime minister, but citizen." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at  
"I call on all countries to join usnot next year, but now." President Obama  
"We have a special responsibility to lead. That's what big nations have to do." President Obama  
"We have to work together as a global community to tackle this global threat before it is too late." President Obama  
"We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it." President Obama 
"We cannot condemn our children and their children to a future they do not have the capacity to repair." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a call for action at the U.N. Climate Summit.  
President Obama will make the case for strong climate action at the U.N. Climate Summit at 12:50 p.m. ET. Watch here: 
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. 
ICYMI: President Obama is teaming up with major companies to fight climate change. Read more:  
Everyone has a role to play in ending sexual assault.  
Watch this video about the Earth's climate changing at an unprecedented rate:  
Doug is a rancher in New Mexico, and he's feeling the effects of climate change firsthand:  
Check this out: OFA volunteers in California took a stand for clean energy.  
Say you're ready to  on climate change. 
Watch: It's time to stand up to sexual assault.  
Take the pledge to help make a fundamental shift in our culture around sexual assault:  
"Take a pledge to help keep women and men safe from sexual assault." President Obama  
"It is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault." President Obama  
"It's not just on the survivors." President Obama  
"We don't condemn sexual assault as loudly as we should." President Obama  
"Sexual violence isn't just a crimeit's a civil rights violation." President Obama  
"Campus sexual assault is no longer a thing that we as a nation can say, 'It's not our problem.'" President Obama  
"This is not your fight alone. It's on all of us." President Obama  
"Every one of these statistics is a life." VP Biden  
LIVE: The President and VP are launching  because everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault. 
FACT: No one can be denied coverage because of their current or past health.  
It's up to you to to keep the issues you care about front and center: 
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on congressional passage of the Continuing Resolution. 
As Congress leaves Washington, it's your job to keep the conversation going on the important issues: 
A new WhiteHouse solar energy plan will cut carbon pollution and help save on energy bills:  
Don't let polluters win:  
Ranchers and farmers are facing instability, due to the effects of climate change:  
Supporting clean drinking water is common sense:  
"For more than two centuries, our founding charter has guided our progress and defined us as a people." President Obama on Constitution Day 
This shouldn't be controversial: Keeping Americans' drinking water safe is a good thing.  
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks from MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. 
President Obama is partnering with more than a dozen major U.S. companies to  Read more: 
The burden of student loan debt is too great. If you agree, go  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the CDCGov in Atlanta. Tune in here: 
Stand up to polluters and protect the Clean Water Act:  
This study concludes that no one has to choose between fighting climate change and growing the economy:  
If you agree women should earn  for equal work, get your name  
If you believe in expanding economic opportunity, go  
Happening now: The President is awarding the  the highest military honor. Watch here: 
There's been real progress since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do: 
Put your support in (digital) ink. Go  
Watch the weekly address: The President reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by ISIL. 
Student loan debt is not just a young person's problem:  
Americans are paying less and getting more from their health care. More from voxdotcom: 
More than half a million OFA supporters have gone  for expanding economic opportunity. Join in: 
"People who love their country can change it ... That is the promise of AmeriCorps." President Obama  
"If you're an employer  look to AmeriCorps. Look to the Peace Corps." President Obama  
"We've seen again and again how national service gives young people valuable training  and employers have noticed." President Obama 
"We are determined to help AmeriCorps succeed." President Obama  
"I began to understand what citizenship meantnot just words on a page." President Obama on community service  
"The Obama household was on board with AmeriCorps from the start." President Obama  
"You have made America stronger because of what you've done." President Obama to americorps  
LIVE: The President is celebrating 20 years of AmeriCorps  Watch:  
Happy birthday to AmeriCorps, which has been  for 20 years:  
Watch: Last night, President Obama addressed the nation about the threat from ISIL. 
America endures.  
"Thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, America stands tall." President Obama  
ICYMI: Watch the full remarks from President Obama's address to the nation tonight. 
Happening now: President Obama is addressing the nation. Watch here: 
President Obama will address the nation at 9:00 p.m. ET about the threat posed by ISIL. Watch: 
Raising the wage, equal pay for equal work, reining in student loan debtgo  in support of action: 
Put your name  and make it clear where you stand on expanding economic opportunity: 
The carbon pollution levels in the atmosphere rose at a dramatic rate last year. It's vital to  
"We reaffirm the basic human right to be free from violence and abuse."President Obama on the Violence Against Women Act's 20th anniversary 
"'Theres no debate': 97 experts explain the scientific consensus on climate change" More from Salon:  
It's been more than five years since the national minimum wage was raised. That's wrong:  
Watch: Congress is back this week. Time to demand better from SpeakerBoehner. 
On Women's Equality Day, OFA volunteers discussed ways to help working families succeed:  
Watch: A special pep talk for SpeakerBoehner. 
"All the middle class in this country wants is a chance. No guarantee, just a chance." VP Joe Biden 
Congress heads back to Washington this weeknow is not the time to be cynical about what they can accomplish. 
Watch VP Joe Biden deliver the weekly address, saying it's time to help the middle class:  
There's more to do, but this is real progress: 10M private-sector jobs have been added over 54 straight months. 
Say no to cynicism: 
In 54 straight months of job growth, the economy has added 10 million private-sector jobs. There's still more to do. 
For just $123 a month, Phil and his family of five are covered.  
You should reject cynicism: 
"I think it's wonderful." Tanyce is a cancer survivor, and  she's praising her new health care plan: 
Because some are standing in the way, this has been the least productive Congress in modern history. Demand better: 
Add your name: Refuse to be cynical about what leaders in Congress can accomplish. 
FACT: Total U.S. exports sustained 11.3 million American jobs in 2013.  
The other side hopes people like you will get cynical and tune outyou should refuse: 
Congress is heading back to Washington next week: Refuse to be cynical about what they can get done. 
Retweet if you think Congress should help rein in the burden of student loan debt.  
Organizers got together for an important conversation at OFA's Women amp; Working Families Summit:  
LIVE: President Obama is in Milwaukee speaking at Laborfest 2014. Tune in:  
To every American working hard each and every single day, happy  
President Obama: It's time to raise the minimum wage. Watch the weekly address: 
"In America, no one who works full-time should ever have to raise a family in poverty." President Obama 
Let's keep building economic  Learn more: 
This is what the gender pay gap looks like for women just four years after college graduation:  
Great news: Economic growth in the second quarter was even better than reported. 
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in here: 
It's time to close the pay gap between men and women.  
Retweet if you think these 28 million Americans deserve a raise.  
Show off your grassroots organizing pride: 
It's time to  Make sure your name is on the petition. 
To celebrate the power of grassroots organizing, OFA is giving away this free sticker. Get yours today: 
Julius was able to follow his dream, thanks to new, affordable coverage:  
Expecting an addition to the family? Check your health care options: 
"A climate for change: America should not wait while the world warms" More from washingtonpost:  
Retweet if you agree that women deserve equal pay for equal work.  
Watch: Immigration reform, raising the minimum wage, college affordabilityit's time for economic  
It's time to make the pay gap a thing of the pastAmerican women deserve better.  
If you want somebody who knows how to get the job done, no matter the mission, hire a veteran. President Obama at  
"I'm announcing 19 new executive actions to improve mental health care for those American heroes and their families." President Obama 
"Upholding our trust with our veterans is not just a matter of policyit's a moral obligation." President Obama at  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the  in Charlotte. Tune in: h/t AmericanLegion 
Watch: Austan Goolsbee talks about why Congress should act to build economic  
 RT OFA: Retweet if you agree: This is completely backward. 
There's been progress in job creation and economic growth, but Congress can do more to help the economy along: 
It's the best coverage Jim ever had and it came just in time:  
Congress needs to act to build economic  
Shout out to  U.S. champions, Chicago's own Jackie Robinson West All-Stars. You made your city and country proud. 
"Thanks to the decisions we made to rescue and rebuild our economy ... America is leading again." President Obama 
Read the truth about economic opportunity:  
Watch the weekly address: The economy is gaining momentum, but Congress must do its part. 
The economy is headed in the right directionbut there's more work to do:  
Maryanne has better coverage at a lower cost:  
Supporting new carbon pollution limits, OFA volunteers were out in force gathering signatures in their communities. 
Here are a few ways Congress should help keep the economy growing:  
More good news about the economy: "Auto Production at Its Highest Rate Since 2002"  
Add your name if you believe in building economic  
Bill finally got coveredfor less than he expected.  
This is history: OFA put more than 400k names on the permanent record of people who made health care reform happen. 
The economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. Add your name if you agree:  
The economy is growingbut there's still more work to do.  
ICYMI: American businesses have added 9.9 million jobs since early 2010.  
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement. Tune in to watch: 
"Housing construction bounced back in July, hitting its highest level in eight months..." More from thehill: 
Good news: The number of job openings just hit a 13-year high.  
"Vermonters sent him to Washington to follow his conscience, and he did them proud." President Obama on Senator James Jeffords' passing 
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on Iraq and the situation in  
Sign the petition: It's time to raise the minimum wage.  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of affordable higher education:  
Earning the minimum wage while raising a family shouldn't mean living in poverty. It's time to  
FACT: 97 of scientists and NASA accept the science of climate change.  
Getting covered made Jason so happy he wanted to tell everyone:  
It's time to get serious and  
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in: 
Retweet if you support cutting dangerous carbon pollution. 
Read how OFA supporters are taking a stand against carbon pollution:  
Check it out: Last week, OFA volunteers celebrated the success of health care reform. 
Climate change will make the intensifying droughts across the West even more extreme and dangerous:  
"EPA climate rule economically feasible, study says" More from thehill:  
"The death of Michael Brown is heartbreaking." President Obama. Read the full statement: 
You should put your name on this  petition: 
"Robin Williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny ... and everything in between. But he was one of a kind." President Obama 
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the latest developments in Iraq. 
Find out how OFA is taking action on climate changeand how you can get involved:  
ICYMI: President Obama visited mom-and-pop shops in historic Parkville, Missouri: 
WATCH: President Obama details American operations in Iraq. 
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq. 
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq. 
The House of Representatives didn't  Instead, they voted on this: 
Lawmakers around the country need to know it's time to  
LIVE: President Obama delivers remarks about improving health care quality and access for veterans. 
Your signature is your voice: Sign this  petition before it's delivered to lawmakers. 
Sign OFA's petition to  
Watch: Because of climate change, the average U.S. wildfire season is longer and more intense.  
$7.25 an hour just isn't enough. It's time to  
"Study: States Embracing Obamacare See Biggest Drops in Uninsured" More from WSJ: 
LAST CHANCE: Sign OFA's birthday card for President Obama. 
Don't forget to leave a personal note for President Obama's birthday today: 
"Some people prefer cake. I like pie." President Obama 
President Obama: Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to the family of former White House Press Secretary James Brady on his passing. 
Send President Obama some love for his birthday: 
Retweet to share a happy reminder about health care reform. 
Today is President Obama's birthdaymake sure you sign OFA's card: 
Help put a smile on the President's face: Sign OFA's birthday card. 
ICYMI: For six months in a row, private sector job creation has exceeded 200,000 jobs.  
Have a hard time picking a card? You're in luck: OFA wants you to pick your favorite for President Obama's birthday: 
Sign your name to OFA's birthday card and send a note of thanks to President Obama. 
"The bottom line is this: Weve come a long way these past five and a half years."President Obama  
Watch the weekly address: The President is working to help the middle class. It's time Congress did the same. 
Sign OFA's birthday card for the President, and send your best wishes: 
FACT: 9.9 million private sector jobs have been added over the past 53 months.  
It's been 53 straight months of private sector job growththat's the longest streak on record.  
"After all that we've had to overcome, our Congress should stop standing in the way of our country's success." President Obama 
"The fact is we could be much further along ... if Congress would do the job that the people sent them here to do." President Obama 
"That's the longest streak of private sector job creation in our history."President Obama on 53 straight months of jobs creation  
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement from the Briefing Room. 
Job growth has exceeded 200,000 for the sixth straight month. This is progress, but there's more to do:  
Make  special for  
Pick your favorite cardthen add your name to wish the President a happy birthday: 
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
For the President's birthday this year, OFA supporters are saying thankssign the card: 
President Obama: If a company isn't treating its workers with integrity, then they're probably cutting corners in other areas, too. 
"It wastes America's time ... You guys are all paying for it as taxpayers."President Obama on House leadership's lawsuit 
"You shouldn't be fired because of who you love." President Obama  
"Any time Congress wants to do work with me to help working families, I'm right there." President Obama  
"We want to make sure the young dad on the factory floor has a shot to make it into the corner suite." President Obama  
"Millions more families have the peace of mind that comes with having affordable health care." President Obama 
LIVE: The President is speaking about fighting for the  that Americans deserve. 
Speak up: Tell House leaders to  and help middle-class Americans. 
If you were  make sure you know your options to  when you turn 26: 
Send your best wishes for President Obama's birthday: 
Great news: The U.S. economy grew at a 4 rate in the second quarter of 2014. Read more: 
"I believe in an optimistic America that is making progress." President Obama  
"Let's make sure anyone who is working full time isn't living in poverty." President Obama   
"I want Congress to do its job to make life easier for Americans who put them there in the first place." President Obama  
"We've got just today and tomorrow before Congress leaves town for a month, and there is still serious work to do." President Obama 
"The states that have increased their minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than the states that didn't." President Obama 
"I want my daughters paid the same as your sons for doing the same jobs." President Obama   
"You're doing your job. Imagine how much further along we'd be if Congress was doing its job, too." President Obama  
"The decisions we made to rescue our economy ... all those things are starting to pay off." President Obama  
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September of 2008." President Obama  
"Our energy, our technology, our auto industriesthey're all booming." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama is speaking about the economy from the UptownTheater in Kansas City.  
Take some time right now to add your name to this minimum wage petition:  
Your name belongs on the  petition: 
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. 
Delayed action will increase the costs of climate change. It's time to act:  
Thanks in part to the Affordable Care Act, Medicare has improved for seniors: 
This minimum wage petition is a big deal: Make sure your name is on it.  
It's time to close tax loopholes so all companies play by the same rules. More from USTreasury Secretary Jack Lew: 
Former Ohio Governor Ted_Strickland took the  Challenge: "I Tried to Live on Minimum Wage for a Week" 
A hospital visit won't break your bank account, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
Tying the knot soon? Don't forget to check your health care options: 
Don't miss the deadline to sign this  petition: 
Take a moment to sign this  petition: 
ICYMI: This is what the  Challenge is all about: 
Act soon to get your name on this minimum wage petition before it's too late:  
If you stand for raising the minimum wage, your name belongs on this petition:  
"Lets embrace an economic patriotism that says we rise or fall together, as one nation." President Obama 
Watch the weekly address: The President wants an economy that benefits everyone, not just a few at the top. 
See how raising the minimum wage will grow the economy for everyone:  
"More than half of Americans believe that they or others are better off with Obamacare..." More from Politico: 
These volunteers are taking a stand to  in their hometown: 
Why you should care about "inversions": 
ICYMI: A new study says more than 10M Americans gained health insurance through the health care marketplace so far. 
"If we can work together, I promise you there is no holding America back." President Obama  
"The hardest thing in politics is to change a stubborn status quo." President Obama  
"Economic patriotism says it's a good thing when we close wasteful tax loopholes and invest in education." President Obama 
"We need to stop companies from renouncing their citizenship just to get out of paying their fair share of taxes." President Obama 
"States that have increased the minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than those that didn't." President Obama  
"Today marks exactly five years since the minimum wage went up in this country." President Obama   
"I'm always impressed by folks who have had the courage to go back to school, especially those later in life." President Obama 
"Today I'm here to focus on one thing ... training more Americans to fill the jobs we're creating." President Obama  
"This past year, we saw one of the fastest drops in nearly 30 years in the unemployment rate." President Obama  
"I'm here because I am listening ... I'm listening to Americans all across the country." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama is calling for fair tax rates for corporations. 
A lot has changed in five yearsbut the minimum wage has stayed the same.   
Retweet if you agree: Five years without raising the minimum wage is too long.  
The last time the federal minimum wage was raised was five years ago today.   
Americans across the country are taking the  Challenge to see what it's like to live on $77 a week: 
This minimum wage petition will be delivered to lawmakers soon. Add your name before the deadline:  
Join Americans across the country and take the  Challenge: 
Join Americans taking the  Challenge: Could you live on $77 a week? 
Read this: American workers must be equipped with the skills needed to compete in the 21st century.  
Sign this petition: Your voice matters.  
See what President Obama is doing to help Americans find good jobs:  
"Let's get together, work together, to restore opportunity for every single American." President Obama  
"Instead of rewarding companies for shipping jobs overseas, let's create jobs right here in America." President Obama  
"Let's make sure the next generation of women are getting a fair deal." President Obama on fair pay   
"Every job seeker should have the tools they need to take their career in their own hands." President Obama  
President Obama: If you're working hard, you should be able to get a job that pays well and look after your family.  
"The good news is today ... our businesses have added over 10 million jobs in the past 52 months." President Obama  
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September 2008." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama and the VP want Americans to have access to today's good jobs. Tune in:  
Watch the President and VP speak about helping American workers find good jobs at 12:10 p.m. ET:  
The deadline to sign this minimum wage petition is approaching. Don't miss your chance:  
President Obama took action today against  discrimination. Read more: 
WATCH: President Obama is participating in a town hall at WalkerJonesEC about the  initiative. 
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. 
LIVE: The President is taking action to protect LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. 
We have to make sure our economy works for every working American. Watch the weekly address:  
In the weekly address, see the President's plan for building an economy that works for every hard-working American: 
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. 
"Wherever and whenever I have a chance to help families like yours, I'm going to do it." President Obama  
"We should be making sure that hard work pays off with a higher minimum wage." President Obama  
"What I've done is put forward a plan to rebuild our infrastructure in a responsible way." President Obama  
"First-class infrastructure attracts investment and first-class jobs." President Obama  
"We've got to make sure our economy works for every American." President Obama  
"Our businesses have now added nearly 10 million new jobs over the past 52 months." President Obama 
"It is great to be in the state that gave us Joe Biden." President Obama 
Happening now: President Obama is announcing a new initiative to  Tune in here: 
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to see President Obama announce a new initiative on infrastructure:  
Read what the President is doing to protect communities from the impacts of climate change:  
"Climate change poses a direct threat to the infrastructure of America." President Obama  
Thanks to health care reform, expecting families have the protection they deserve. 
Add your name: The time to  is now. 
ICYMI: Good news on job growth. 
Sign this petition: Your voice matters in the fight to raise the minimum wage.  
One reason it's time to  65 of America's major roads' condition is rated lower than good. 
FACT: Nearly 70 of Americans agree that transportation deserves more federal funding.  
Climate change deniers are at it again:  
DYK: 1 in 4 of America's bridges requires significant repair or cannot handle today's traffic.  
"Do something. That's my big motto for Congress right now." President Obama  
"The American people have to demand that the folks in Washington do their job." President Obama  
"We could do so much more if we just rallied around a sense of economic patriotism." President Obama  
"When you are in traffic congestion because of poor planning and infrastructure, that's a cost to you." President Obama  
"There is something called the Highway Trust Fund ... It helps states fund state infrastructure projects." President Obama  
"First-class infrastructure attracts first-class jobs." President Obama  
"As the father of a daughter who just turned 16, any new technology that makes driving safer is important to me." President Obama 
WATCH: President Obama is in Virginia discussing ways to rebuild America's infrastructure.  
Add your name to help millions of Americans who are struggling to make ends meet on the minimum wage:  
Join the fight to help folks struggling to get by on the minimum wage:  
It's time to  Check out the President's plan to fix our roads and bridges. 
Hard-working Americans deserve better than the current minimum wage. It's time for a change:  
Get your name on the minimum wage petition before it's delivered to lawmakers:  
Retweet if you think hard-working Americans deserve a raise.  
Watch: See how this Maine shoe store owner takes care of his employees.  
Chris has been sailing most of his lifeand he's seen the impacts of climate change firsthand:  
"Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working Americans." Watch the weekly address:  
This minimum wage petition is about making sure your voice is heard:  
Watch the weekly address: With or without Congress, the President won't stop fighting for working Americans. 
FACT: Employment growth in 2014 has been faster in states that raised the minimum wage.  
Check out who joined together to call on House leaders to pass immigration reform:  
Follow the team that's now 5 million action takers strong: OFA.  
"Our country needs it." See why this small business owner wants to  
Retweet if you're ready to  
"The evidence is pretty overwhelming ... that Obamacare has driven down the uninsured rate." More from voxdotcom: 
Watch: This shoe store owner knows running a successful business means happy, well-paid employees.  
States that raised the minimum wage are seeing stronger job growth:  
"And it's your voice that's going to change this country." President Obama  
"America is making progressdespite what the cynics say, despite unyielding opposition." President Obama  
"It's lonely doing work all by myself." President Obama to House leadership  
"There's no denying a simple truth: America deserves a raise." President Obama   
"I don't want our future leaders saddled in debt before they start out in life." President Obama  
"I want to make sure the next revolution in manufacturing is happening right here in America." President Obama  
"We know it's what we should be doing and what drives me nuts is Washington isn't doing it." President Obama  
"By almost every measure, we are better off now than when I took office."President Obama  
"This country is not going to succeed if just a few are doing well. This country succeeds when everyone's got a shot." President Obama 
"We've still got a long way to go...we know there are still a lot of folks out there looking for work." President Obama  
"We have come farther and recovered faster, thanks to you, than just about any other nation on Earth." President Obama  
"More young people are graduating from college than ever before." President Obama  
"Our businesses have added 10 million new jobs in the last 52 months." President Obama  
"Everybody knows I love Austin, Texas." President Obama 
Happening now: The President is in Austin talking about growing the economy.  
Make sure your name is on this minimum wage petition:  
Jim owns a shoe store that's been open for 100 yearsand he makes sure his employees earn a fair wage.  
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the humanitarian situation at the southwest border. 
Don't miss your chance to sign this minimum wage petition before it's delivered:  
"Your voice might move fellow citizens to change what needs changing." President Obama  
"The hardest thing to change in politics is a stubborn status quo." President Obama  
"We fall and we rise as one nationas one people." President Obama  
"Whenever I can go ahead and help families like yours and have the legal authority to do it, I'm going to do it." President Obama 
"Our economy grows best from the middle outwhen everybody has a shot." President Obama  
"Washington may chase whatever story they think may get attention, but to me the only story that matters is your story." President Obama 
"You won't go broke just because you got sick." President Obama on the Affordable Care Act  
"Manufacturing is adding jobs for the first time since the '90s." President Obama  
"Alex wrote to tell me that the day after my State of the Union address, her boss gave her a raise." President Obama  
"It's one of the most important things I do." President Obama on reading 10 letters from Americans each day  
LIVE: The President is speaking in Denver about growing the economy from the middle out.  
Make sure your representatives know where you stand on raising the minimum wage:  
President Obama is hitting the road this summer to meet Americans who wrote him a letter. Read more: 
Sign this petition and make your voice heard:  
Americans want progress. This is about making it happen. Watch: 
Add your name if you think working full-time for $14,500 a year isn't enough:  
ICYMI: There's more good news about job growth and the economy. Check out this progress: 
These OFA volunteers are making their voices heard in the fight on  reform: 
Good news: The minimum wage is on the rise in several states and cities across the country.  
Heres a  progress report that will make you smile: 
On  wave the stars and stripes with pride. 
Progress: In June, the private sector added 262,000 jobs.  
Throwback to last week when a womannot her bossmade her own decisions about her health care.  
In 2014, the private sector has added 1.4 million jobsthe most in any first half of a year since 1999:  
Retweet if you agree: It's time the 24 states blocking Medicaid access for 5.7 million Americans put  
FACT: If 24 states stopped blocking Medicaid, 5.7 million more people would be eligible for affordable health insurance.  
"Few pieces of legislation have defined our national identity as distinctly, or as powerfully." President Obama on the  
It's time for workplace policies that help  Read how OFA volunteers are taking action: 
Watch: President Obama had some choice words for climate change deniers in Congress.  
ICYMI: House leadership has stalled on  reform for more than a year, so President Obama is taking action. 
"Go Team USA." President Obama  
"If all of you are fighting alongside me every single day  then we're going to make America better than ever." President Obama 
"If you work hard, if you're responsible, you can make it here in America." President Obama  
"We know from our history, our economy doesn't grow from the top down, it grows from the middle out." President Obama  
"As long as they do nothing, I'm not going to apologize for doing something." President Obama on House leadership  
"I'm going to keep taking actions on my own that can help the middle class." President Obama  
"We went through the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. We've climbed back." President Obama  
Happening now: The President is speaking about the economy.  
Don't miss the President's remarks on the economy at 2:20 p.m. ET:  
Watch: With or without Congress, it's time to move forward on the issues that matter most. 
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in to support OFA and you'll be automatically entered to win a trip to celebrate in Chicago. 
Chip in today to join the fight for change: 
It's more important than ever to take action on the issues that matter most. Tell OFA what you're fired up about: 
This is your last chance to win a summer weekend in Chicago. Enter before time runs out: 
Your voice matters in this: Add your name today if you  
Your name belongs here. Add it today: 
"One of the things that makes this country great is that we are a nation of immigrants." President Obama 
"We won this country's freedom together. We built this country together. We defended this country together." President Obama  
"Pass a bill. Solve a problem. Don't just say no on something that everybody agrees needs to be done." President Obama to House leadership 
"If Congress will not do their job, at least we can do ours." President Obama  
"America cannot wait forever for them to act." President Obama on House Republicans  
"I take executive action only when we have a serious problem  and Congress chooses to do nothing." President Obama  
"Our country and our economy would be stronger today if House Republicans had held a simple yes-or-no vote." President Obama  
"For more than a year, Republicans in the House have refused to hold a vote." President Obama  
"That bill would strengthen our borders, grow our economy, shrink our deficits." President Obama on the Senate-passed immigration bill 
"One year ago this month, senators from both parties  came together to pass a common-sense immigration bill." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the importance of taking action on  reform. Tune in here: 
If you agree that women should be able to make their own health decisions, fight for it:  
It's time to move forward on the issues that matter most, with or without Congress: 
Some members of Congress still won't accept the science of climate change. Help call them out:  
This is how you can fight back against special interests' and polluters' anti-climate agenda:  
Health care reform has helped millions of Americans  Join the team keeping up the momentum: 
Be part of this grassroots movement: 
Climate change deniers and polluters must stop standing in the way of tackling this issue:  
Looking for a summer vacation? Here's your chance to win a trip to Chicago on OFAenter today: 
Support OFA today and keep fighting for change: 
Skills. cc  
Hear how these couples describe what marriage has meant to them:  
Here's your chance to see the beautiful Chicago skyline for yourself this summer: 
FACT: House leaders have stalled on immigration reform for a year, and it's already cost the country more than $13 billion. 
The Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park, deep dish pizza: You could win a free trip to Chicago this summer. 
Watch the weekly address: President Obama will continue taking action and expanding  
Do your part to make change possible: 
You could celebrate in Chicago at OFA's birthday party for President Obama: 
Retweet if you agree with the majority of Americans who support comprehensive immigration reform.  
Chip in and be automatically entered to join OFA in Chicago to celebrate President Obama's birthday: 
"I am always going to keep listening and I am always going to keep fighting."President Obama  
"Our country is stronger when every American can count on affordable health insurance." President Obama 
"More than 450,000 of your neighbors are poised to get a raise." President Obama on Minnesota raising the minimum wage  
President Obama: Gridlock and willful indifference can't get in the way of hard working American families.  
"We can't afford to wait for Congress right now." President Obama 
"We do better when a young family knows that they can get ahead." President Obama  
"We are fighting so everybody has a chance." President Obama  
"We have come farther and recovered faster than just about any advanced economy on Earth." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy from Minneapolis. Tune in:  
One year ago today, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration reform bill. Leaders in the House have failed to act.  
You could win a free trip to Chicago this summer. Here's how: 
One year ago,  was struck down.  
You should own a piece of this: 
Happening now: President Obama hosts a town hall in Minneapolis. Tune in:  
This is what marriage means to those who have had the chance to say "I do":  
Don't miss your chance to win a free trip to the Windy City: 
Ready.   
Chip in today and put your name alongside those fighting for change: 
Chip in today to help support the movement that's making progress where it counts: 
Here's one way to help OFA call out climate change deniers in Congress:  
One year ago, President Obama introduced his Climate Action Plan. It's already making real progress:  
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, you're covered at the pharmacy too. 
Help fight back against health care repealers. 
See why these Americans believe in raising the minimum wage:  
Sign this petition: It's time to raise the minimum wage.  
Be counted in this amazing grassroots milestone: 
This matters. 
Full-time workers earning the national minimum wage make only $14,500 a year. That's not enough:  
Help OFA reach an amazing milestone: 500,000 grassroots donors. 
LIVE: FLOTUS closes out the WhiteHouse Summit on Working Families. Tune in:  
FACT: Women are now the primary or co-breadwinner in nearly two-thirds of American families.  
"No matter what you look like or where you come from, here in America, you can make it."  President Obama 
"I take this personally because I'm the husband of a brilliant woman who struggled to balance work and raise our girls." President Obama 
"I was raised by strong women who worked hard to support my sister and me. I saw what it was like for a single mom." President Obama 
"Many of these issues are not partisan until they get to Washington." President Obama 
"Even if Republicans in Congress refuse to budge on this issue this year, everyone knows America deserves a raise." President Obama 
"I promise you: You have a president who will take action to support working families." President Obama  
"The bottom line is 21st century families deserve 21st century workplaces." President Obama  
"A whole lot of fathers would love to be home for their babies' first weeks in the world." President Obama  
"Anything that makes life harder for women, makes life harder for families." President Obama  
"Parents who work full time should earn enough to pay the bills." President Obama  
"Nearly 28 million Americans would benefit if we raised the wage to $10.10 an hour." President Obama   
"In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition." President Obama  
"Many women can't even get a paid day off to give birth. You'd think that would be a pretty low bar." President Obama  
"Work gives us a place of dignity and income, and is important. But families are the bedrock of our lives."President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama is speaking on how to create workplaces that support working families.  
President Obama will speak at the WhiteHouse Summit on Working Families today at 1:40 p.m. ET:  
Retweet if you agree: Our economy succeeds when  
Read President Obama's latest op-ed about the need for family-friendly workplace policies:  
Happening now: VP and DrBiden kick off the White House Summit on Working Families.  
Read the President's latest message to OFA supporters: It's time to  
Watch: Now is the time to  
Don't forget: The White House Summit on  starts tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. ET. 
"Family leave. Childcare. Flexibility. These arent frillstheyre basic needs." Watch the weekly address: 
Add your name: Climate change is happening now. Whose side are you on?  
Solar energy is more accessible than you think:  in your own community.  
Most Americans support protecting LGBT Americans from workplace discrimination. Say you're one of them: 
Nearly 60 of people who got insurance on the marketplace were uninsurednow they have affordable coverage: 
Get ready for the White House Summit on  coming up on Monday: 
Another victory for equality:  
"I commend the Massachusetts Legislature for ... taking action toward raising the states minimum wage." President Obama 
It's time for paid leave policies that work for American families.  
Watch what President Obama said today about the situation in Iraq: 
"Kyle is a shining example of what our nation needs to encourage." President Obama to Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter 
Don't forget to tune in on Monday to the White House Summit on  
It's unthinkable thatin 2014someone could be fired because of who they are or whom they love:  
Fantastic news: "Millions Get Obamacare Plans For $100 Or Less" More from HuffingtonPost: 
Great news: Financial assistance is cutting monthly premiums for some Americans by 76, thanks to health care reform. 
"'If you can imagine it, then you can do it' ... That's a pretty good motto for America." President Obama  
"One of the best ways to create more new jobs is to boost American manufacturing." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the first-ever White House Maker Faire. Watch here:  
This California olive grower is seeing the impacts of climate change firsthand:  
Save the date: The White House Summit on  is this Monday, June 23. 
Join the fight against LGBT discrimination: 
Add your name: It's time to end workplace discrimination against LGBT Americans. 
"A lot of companies are realizing that family-friendly policies are good businessnot just the right thing to do." President Obama 
"We've seen entrepreneurship in manufacturing expand at the fastest pace that we've seen in 20 years." President Obama  
"Companies, instead of outsourcing, are thinking about insourcing once again." President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama is in Pittsburgh speaking about spurring American manufacturing and innovation.  
One-question survey: Tell OFA what issue you're most fired up to work on. 
11 on the field, more than 300 million cheering them on.   
Retweet if you think every American should be treated with dignityregardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity. 
Big news in the fight for  equality: 
This is huge: President Obama will prohibit federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity. 
The science is clear: Climate change is real. Help OFA call out climate change deniers. 
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, getting covered means a health emergency won't break your bank. 
Hugs for Dad: Happy Father's Day. 
College graduates: Make sure you know your health care options.  
Don't miss the opportunity to be an OFA Summer Fellow: 
Watch President Obama's weekly address wishing dads a happy  
Watch: This could be you this summer.  
Add your name: The burden of student loan debt is too great. It's time to take action.  
"Michelle and I were saddened to hear of the passing of actress, author, and activist Ruby Dee." President Obama 
Retweet if you think it's time to act on the student loan debt crisis.  
Take this survey: What's your top priority for OFA? 
Add your name if you believe it's time to stand up for  
Today President GeorgeHWBush proved once again skydiving is for all ages. Happy birthday,  
Add your name: Student loan debt is out of control. It's time to act.  
A group of Senate Republicans refused to tackle the student loan debt crisis:  
Retweet if you agree with the President. 
Want a jumpstart on your organizing career? Become an OFA Summer Fellow: 
"Its frustrating for students who are working hard."President Obama on the bill to reduce student debt blocked by some Senate Republicans 
Watch: President Obama is making bold moves to act on climate change.  
President Obama needs your help in reducing carbon pollution:  
See how President Obama is working to make college more affordable:  
"It continues to be a very smart investment to go to college. President Obama  
LIVE: President Obama answers questions about college affordability on tumblr. Tune in:  
Retweet if you agree: 51 years after the Equal Pay Act, it's  on equal pay. 
It's been 51 years since the Equal Pay Act was signed, but women still don't have equal pay.  
Ask the President a question about college affordability for his Tumblr Qamp;A tomorrow:   
Tonight the President talks about the need to  on YEARSofLIVING. Watch a short preview: 
Today President Obama took action to help millions of borrowers afford their student loan payments.  
"This should be a no brainer." President Obama on reducing the burden of student loan debt  
"We want young people to be in a position to pursue their dreams." President Obama  
"More young people have been earning college degrees than ever before. That's something we should be proud of." President Obama 
"As long as college costs keep soaring, we can't just keep throwing money at the problem." President Obama  
"I'm only here because this country gave me a chance through education." President Obama  
President Obama: At a time when higher education has never been more important, it's also never been more expensive.  
"In America, higher education opens the doors to opportunity for all." President Obama  
"This is a country where opportunity should be available to anybody." President Obama  
"We knowall of you knowthat in a 21st century economy higher education is the single best investment in your future." President Obama 
LIVE: President Obama is taking action to reduce the burden of student loan debt.  
The President will talk about reducing the burden of student loan debt at 1:45 p.m. ET. Tune in:  
Happening now: Watch the WhiteHouse  Summit on Fatherhood, with Mets second baseman Daniel Murphy: 
All smiles. 
Watch: Climate change is happening now, and President Obama is taking action.  
You can fight back against the polluters and special interest groups. Here's how:  
Do your part: Stand with the President and  
"I will keep doing whatever I can without Congress to help responsible young people pay off their loans." President Obama  
President Obama discusses the importance of helping lift the burden of student loan debt.  
Good news: The economy added 216,000 private sector jobs in May.  
"We come to remember why America and our allies gave so much for the survival of liberty." President Obama on the 70th anniversary of D-Day 
This could be you this summer: 
Retweet if you agree that working full-time for only $14,500 a year isn't enough. 
Don't wait another moment to add your name:  
Watch: The band OKGo announces the first-ever White House Maker Faire.  
Sign this petition: Stand for a higher minimum wage.  
Take action this summer with OFA's Organizing Fellowship: 
Here's one important way to get involved with OFA: 
Read the President's message to OFA supporters, asking people to raise their voices on climate change:  
Carbon pollution is a real public health threat: Add your name to support cleaner air.  
Retweet if you support the Presidents strong action against carbon pollution.  
This is huge: President Obama proposed the first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants. 
This coalition of 176 companies supports the President's action on climate change:  
Climate change activists scored a massive victory yesterday:  
Watch: Climate change is real and it's happening now. See how President Obama is taking action.  
"In America we do not have to choose between the health of our economy and the health of our kids." President Obama  
"Power plants are responsible for about 40 of America's carbon pollution." President Obama  
DYK: New emission standards will shrink electric bills by about 8 by increasing energy efficiency and reducing demand. 
Add your name if you stand with President Obama and aggressive action on climate change. 
WATCH: GinaEPA is making a big announcement on fighting climate change and keeping the air clean for our families. 
ICYMI: OFA volunteers rallied to gather signatures for a minimum wage petition.  
President Obama is acting on public healthwith the first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants.  
Ashly was a fellow at OFA this year. Read her story: 
A win for public health: The first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants. 
"For the sake of our children, we have to do more." President Obama  
In his weekly address, President Obama discusses new proposals to curb carbon pollution from existing power plants. 
Sign this petition if you believe it's time for a higher minimum wage:  
You could meet James Taylor. Enter today: 
Good news: Health care costs are growing at the slowest rate in 50 years. More from voxdotcom: 
Don't miss your chance: 
Volunteers at OFA are taking action to call for a higher minimum wage:  
Chip in today to be automatically entered to win a trip to Chicago to meet music legend James Taylor: 
LIVE: The President is speaking at the White House Healthy Kids and Safe Sports Concussion Summit.  
This could all be yours: 
Want to meet James Taylor? Donate today and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to go backstage: 
Add your name if you think leaders in these states need to stop blocking Medicaid expansion: 
"Nothing can dim the light which shines from within." Maya Angelou 
"Her greatest stories were true." President Obama on Maya Angelou 
Retweet if you agree: State leaders should put  and stop blocking Medicaid expansion. 
LIVE: President Obama delivers the commencement address at WestPoint_USMA. Tune in: 
This is wrong: In 24 states, leaders are blocking Medicaid expansion for millions of Americans.  
You'll never guess how OFA volunteers rewarded local business owners for raising their wages: 
Every American deserves access to affordable health care. Leaders in 24 states are standing in the way: 
LIVE: President Obama is talking to the nation's youngest scientists at the  Tune in: 
Watch the President address tomorrow's innovators at the  Tune in at 11:45 a.m. ET: 
"Let us never forget their service and always be worthy of the sacrifices made in our name." President Obama  
Make your voice heard: Sign this petition on raising the minimum wage.  
"Our history shines with patriots who answered the call to serve." President Obama  
In his weekly address, President Obama honors the brave men and women in uniform who gave their lives for America. 
Spider bites.  
You can help keep up the pressure on the members of Congress who are key to passing  reform: 
Everyone deserves access to affordable health care. Stand up to state leaders who don't put  
Currently 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion for 5.7 million Americans. That's wrong:  
WATCH: President Obama is standing among legends in Cooperstown as he speaks from the BaseballHall. 
Add your name if you believe it's time for 24 states to put  and stop blocking Medicaid expansion: 
President Obama steps up to the plate at the BaseballHall in Cooperstown for a speech at 3:30 p.m. ET. Tune in: 
American support for marriage equality is at a record high:  
"Last season, 'the 12s' set a record not once, but twice, for the loudest crowd noise in history." President Obama on the Seahawks' fans 
More Americans have peace of mindthanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
Climate change is putting some of our nation's most cherished historic landmarks at risk:  
This is why your voice matters: 
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, more Americans don't have to worry about lifetime caps. 
This lawyer knows the  on immigration reform first hand. Read her story: 
No middleman. Just action. 
Add your name if you agree that $14,500 a year isn't enough:  
If you think $14,500 a year is not enough, sign this petition:  
This is progress: More states and cities are raising the minimum wage, but there's still work to do.  
Nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers are womenand they need a raise. Add your voice: 
Hit the week running. 
Sign this petition to make your voice heard: It's time to  
Retweet if you think hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise.  
OFA volunteers want to know: Do health care repealers still want to take health care away from millions? 
Watch: WValderrama believes in the American dream. 
This is simple: Repeal means taking health care away from millions.  
"Brown v. Board of Education shifted the legal and moral compass of our nation." President Obama on the decision's 60th anniversary 
FACT: 5.7 million more people will have coverage if Medicaid is expanded in all 50 states.  
"No one should face violence or discriminationno matter who they are or whom they love." President Obama  
"While Congress decides what its going to do, Ill keep doing what I can on my own." President Obama 
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses actions to expand opportunity for more Americans. 
Retweet if you think the 24 states blocking Medicaid expansion need to put  
Women in America need a fair shot. See why: 
ICYMI: OFA volunteers hosted "Years of Living Dangerously" watch parties nationwide.  
Health care reform brought access to affordable care to millions. Repealers want to take that away.  
Why sign a petition? Your signature is your voice. 
Retweet if you agree: Repeal means taking health care away from millions of people. We can't go back.  
Inaction on immigration reform could cost this country future innovators. Read Nora's story:  
Happy International Day of Families. 
The President is taking steps to save energy and money. Click to see more.  
Its wrong that 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion. OFA volunteers are organizing:  
"I'll fight to make sure this generosity of spirit continues in future generations." Meet Nora and her family: 
Happy birthday, Secretary Madeleine Albright. 
This isn't controversial: It's time to put  and expand Medicaid for Americans in all 50 states. 
"Those we lost live on in us." President Obama at the 9/11 Memorial 
"Nothing can ever break us. Nothing can change who we are as Americans." President Obama 
"We tell their story so that generations yet unborn will never forget." President Obama at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum 
"Here at this memorial, this museum, we come together. We stand in the footprints of two mighty towers." President Obama 
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the dedication ceremony of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. 
Retweet if you think health care repealers need to stop trying to take health care benefits away from millions.  
"America doesn't stand still. There is work to be done." President Obama  
"Here's the sad part: Rebuilding Americathat shouldn't be a partisan issue." President Obama  
President Obama on Congress: "If they don't act by the end of the summer, federal funding for transportation projects will run out." 
"Over the past five years, American workers have repaired or replaced more than 20,000 bridges." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama is in Tarrytown, NY, discussing the need to improve infrastructure and  
Add your voice: Sign this petition if you believe it's time to  
Here's  Millions would lose access to affordable health care. We can't go back. 
The fight isn't oversign this petition if you think hard-working Americans deserve a raise:  
FACT: Expanding Medicaid in every state would give health care coverage to 5.7 million more Americans. 
Tell your lawmakers: It's time to give America a raise.  
LIVE: President Obama is awarding the Medal of Honor to Kyle J. White, U.S. Army. 
Lawmakers in 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion that would give millions coverage. It's time to put  
President Obama on  "We renew our commitment to helping these vital enterprises thrive." 
Making $7.25 an hour just isn't enough. Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage:  
Quality, affordable child care options are limited for mothers and  This must change: 
Retweet to show your support for  
Millions of Americans remain cut off from their economic lifeline because of the House's inaction. It's time to  
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would benefit one-fifth of all working moms.  
Have a Happy Mothers Day. Now go give your favorite moms some hugs. 
FACT: Since President Obama took office, America has tripled electricity production from wind power.  
This is important: It's time to give 28 million workers a raise.  
DYK: Last year, about a quarter of new power generation capacity was from solar, second only to natural gas.  
FACT: Since President Obama took office, America has increased its electricity generation from solarmore than 10-fold. 
Warm up. 
"We will leave our children with a better future and a better America." President Obama  
"Climate change is real and we have to act now." President Obama  
"It's the right thing to do for the planet, but it's also the right thing to do for the bottom line." President Obama  
"No matter where you live or where you do business, solar is getting cheaper." President Obama  
"Today, America is closer to energy independence than we have been in decades." President Obama  
President Obama: Changing the way we use energy is just one of the ways Americans have been working to move this country forward. 
LIVE: President Obama is talking about energy efficiency in Mountain View, CA. Tune in:  
The  on immigration reform is too big to ignore. Add your name to show your support: 
FACT: More than 28 million Americans would benefit from raising the minimum wage. 
Don't forget: Preventive care is now covered, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
Climate change is realand its effects are already being felt. It's time to  
"When all Americans are treated as equal, no matter who they are or whom they love, we are all more free." President Obama  
America deserves a raise. Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage:  
Its simple: Americans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise. Sign the petition:  
Want your voice to be heard? That's what OFA is all about: 
Hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise, plain and simple. Sign this petition: 
Climate change isn't just about numbers and chartsit's about people. Tell your climate change story: 
Watch: WValderrama dreamed big when he moved to the U.S. Now he's fighting for immigration reform so others can too: 
Sign this petition if you stand for raising the minimum wage:  
President Obama to teachers: "Thank you for what youre giving our children and what youre giving our nation."  
The  is clear: We have to act now to reduce carbon pollution and prepare for the effects of climate change. 
The percentage of uninsured Americans is decreasing. Health care reform is working: 
Sign this petition and make your voice heard: It's time to  
Read about new initiatives to end sexual assault on college campuses:  
While climate change deniers in Congress are stalling, you can act: 
Listen to what ordinary Americans have to say about the minimum wage:  
ICYMI: President Obama delivered the laughs at the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Watch here: 
Right now in America, full-time workers are living below the poverty line. Sign the petition to change that: 
Get ready: It's time for the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Tune in at 6:00 p.m. ET. 
"We need to keep goingto create more good jobs and give middle-class families a sense of security." President Obama 
In his weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding opportunity for hard-working Americans: 
This is good progressbut there's more to do.  
Thanks to SenatorReid and the 54 senators who fought to raise the minimum wage. Join them:  
A win for public health: The Supreme Court has upheld EPA's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule.  
Good news: Employment rose by 288,000 in April, driven by a 273,000 increase in private employment.  
Support President Obama's plan to double the production of clean energy in the U.S. by 2020: 
Take a stand for equal pay for women: 
Hard work deserves more than $7.25 per hour. Join the fight to  now: 
"Together, we can reach the day where every child has a safe, loving, and permanent home." President Obama  
A full-time worker earning minimum wage makes just $14,500 a year. Sign the petition to raise the wage:  
Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage:  
These senators turned their backs on working families today:  
Sign the petition: Be a part of the fight to raise the federal minimum wage.  
Raising the minimum wage will be good for American families. Sign the petition today.  
"With enough determination and persistence, the American people will ultimately win out." President Obama  
"If your member of Congress does not support raising the minimum wage, you need to let them know they're out of step." President Obama 
"My message to the American people is this: Don't get discouraged by a vote like the one we saw this morning. Get fired up."President Obama 
"It's a very simple issue. Either you're in favor of raising wages for hard-working Americans or you're not." President Obama  
"America deserves a raise." President Obama  
"About three in four Americans support raising the minimum wage." President Obama  
"By preventing even a vote on this bill, they prevented a raise for 28 million hard-working Americans." President Obama  
WATCH: President Obama responds to the failed vote in the Senate on raising the minimum wage.  
President Obama discusses the failed Senate vote on raising the minimum wage at 3:10 p.m. ET: 
You can make a difference. Join the fight for marriage equality today: 
This is what  
Say you'll be a part of the fight to  
"Living on minimum wage is a hopeless cycle." Meet Gina:  
Volunteers across the country won't let their representatives forget what repealing health care reform could mean: 
Just as shocked about the annual income of a minimum wage earner as these people? Join the fight to  
If you think America deserves a raise, let your senators know:  
It's time to stand up for American workers and  Join the fight today: 
DYK: Someone working full-time at the current federal minimum wage makes only $14,500 a year. Time to  
These people agree: It's long past time for Congress to raise the federal minimum wage.  
"Michelle and I join Catholics around the world in celebrating the canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II." President Obama 
Watch: More than 7 in 10 Americans support raising the national minimum wage.  
"Together, we must give enduring meaning to the words 'Never Again.'" President Obama on Yom HaShoah 
You're running out of time: Tomorrow is the deadline to put your name on OFA's permanent health care reform record: 
Immigration reformfor our families, for our nation. Take a stand: 
Last chance: Put your name on OFA's permanent record of people who helped make health care reform a success. 
"Its time for $10.10. Its time to give America a raise." President Obama  
Watch the weekly address: President Obama is calling on Congress to raise the minimum wage. 
The Affordable Care Act has put quality health care within reach for millions. 
In tough times, we don't abandon American families. Tell Congress to make it right:  
There's one fewer climate change denier in Congress:  
Organizing for Action is for you. Be a part of OFA: 
Commit to  today: 
"Truly, you made history." President Obama 
Be a part of this.  
A helping hand. 
It's long past time to restore economic opportunity to all Americans. Add your name: 
Want to help make immigration reform a reality?  
An average of 72,000 Americans are losing unemployment insurance every week: 
Before the Affordable Care Act, Isaac hit his lifetime coverage limit in a year.  
Rosetta has quality, affordable health care. Repealing the Affordable Care Act could take it away.  
These people have the security of health insurancebut some members of Congress still want to take it away. 
The Affordable Care Act makes staying healthy easier. Repeal would make it harder.  
This is what repealing the Affordable Care Act could mean for this cancer patient.  
Millions could lose their health care as they know it if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. Spread the word: 
No one should have to worry about hitting a lifetime coverage limit if they get sick.  
This is what  why we can't go back. 
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would affect millions of Americans.  
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a firehouse in Oso, Washington, regarding the mudslide. Watch here: 
Gale is tired of working two jobs and not being able to make ends meet:  
States are picking up the pace of increasing the minimum wage while Congress sits on the sidelines. 
"Caring for our planet requires commitment from all of us." President Obama  
President Truman knew that our citizens deserve the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health: 
Congratulations to all the Boston Marathon runners.  
"We need you to lead!" OFA volunteers are telling representatives in the House to act on immigration reform. 
"The time has arrived for action." President Harry Truman on the need for health reform. Add your name to history: 
Big progress is happening at every level to raise the minimum wageexcept in Congress. 
Happy Easter. 
Last week, 44 senators voted against a bill that would help close the pay gap between women and men. 
"From my family to yours, Happy Easter." President Obama in the weekly address 
Hello, spring. 
"This weekend, Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in marking Good Friday and celebrating Easter." President Obama 
Health care reform took generations of organizing. Say you were a part of this: (h/t OFA)  
Our country is losing out on the economic gains of immigration reform because the House is stalling.  
A background check could have saved Cheyennes father. Instead, he lost his life to gun violence. Read his story: 
Mark became a victim of gun violence on December 14th, 1998. His mother tells his story: 
See why OFA volunteers were named White House Champions of Change earlier this month: 
History.  
The Affordable Care Act is workingfor millions of Americans. 
"This thing is working." President Obama   
"Millions of Americans who were uninsured now have coverage." President Obama 
"The number of Americans who have signed up for health insurance in the marketplaces has risen to 8 million." President Obama 
Up top.  
"You inspire us, you inspire the country... you inspire me." President Obama to the wwpinc Solider Ride participants 
LIVE: President Obama welcomes wwpinc's Soldier Ride to the White House. 
Two victories for clean energy in California:  
"Everybody who works hard and takes responsibility deserves the chance to get ahead." President Obama 
"We're using existing money to create opportunities for hardworking Americans like you." President Obama  
Retweet if you agree we need to train Americans with the skills employers need.  
"We've got to make sure [every] job pays a decent wage." President Obama  
"For too many middle class Americans, it feels as though the same trends that have been going on for decades are continuing"President Obama 
"Everybody has a chancethat's the idea of America." President Obama 
"Too many Americans, if they are lucky enough to have a job, are working harder and harder just to get by." President Obama 
"In today's economy, it's never been more important to make sure that our folks are trained for the jobs that are there." President Obama 
Watch: President Obama is speaking on the importance of jobs-driven skills training in a 21st century economy. 
Taking a stand against gun violence matters to Gilbert and his family. See why: 
Climate change is about more than data. It's about people. Watch the trailer for "Years of Living Dangerously": 
President Obama will deliver remarks on jobs-driven skills training in Oakdale, PA. Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET: 
Millions of Americans can now rely on quality, affordable health care coverage: 
No. 42. He hit it out of the park.  
Millions of Americans now have health insuranceand peace of mindbut it couldn't have happened without you. 
Watch: Health care reform changed the course of history in America. 
You made change happen. Be proud. 
"Today, we recognize the incredible courage and leadership of so many Bostonians in the wake of unspeakable tragedy." President Obama 
Happy Passover. 
If you want to see the House take action to fix our broken immigration system, here's how it could happen: 
Add your voice if you believe women deserve equal pay for equal work. 
Watch for free: The first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously" is available online.  
Health care reform changed the course of history in our countryand you played a part. 
