text 
Thank you, Seattle! If every person here brings a friend and a family member out to vote, we will win on Saturday! 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men, women, and children and throwing them out of the country. 
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues. 
Together, we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare. 
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line  someone with judgment. 
Unfortunately, what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true. 
In 2003, I voted against the War in Iraq. It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war. 
That starts with defending veterans benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress. 
In the wake of that war, we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans. 
Thats money that could have been spent on rebuilding Americas schools, roads, bridges and water systems. 
When the last benefits are calculated, that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars. 
We invaded Iraq 13 years ago today. We must ask ourselves: are we more or less safe because of that war? 
Utah, join the political revolution. Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday, March 22.  
Idaho, want real change? Caucus on Tuesday for Bernie Sanders. Bring your friends and family with you!  
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution  Go out and vote on Tuesday. 
I talked to a young man serving in the US military and while he was serving his country, his wife was deported. That's beyond comprehension. 
No matter where you live, you can join the fight. And we need each and every one of you!  
Wall Street is terrified because we are running a campaign that does not support their agenda. We represent working families.  
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
This campaign is a political revolution  and we must make sure that health care is a right, not a privilege. 
We don't go around asking a handful of millionaires for big checks and call it a day. We rely on you. Donate: 
Change will not come without political participation. Join us:  
No one said a political revolution would be easy. We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose.  
YOU are the reason we have done so well against the political establishment and its super PACs. And you're how Bernie will win.  
Arizona, Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday. We have a good chance to win if we stand together.  
This is a campaign of the people,  and for the people. 
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire. We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together. 
Despite growing poverty among seniors, Republicans want more austerity for the elderly and more tax breaks for the rich. 
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians. 
"Bernie is not a politician of convenience. He understands that the powerless need a voice. - StandWithRaul 
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's border is wrong and immoral. 
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families. 
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet, we must fight for fair wages for all. 
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. We need a political revolution. 
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
We have a real path toward victory in AZ, UT and ID if you can commit to talking to voters!  
The struggle for our rights isnt the struggle of a day or a year. Its the struggle of a lifetime.  
When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win.  
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation. They aint seen nothing yet.  
It's important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see.  
We don't have millionaires and billionaires to bundle money from their rich friends. We have you. 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship. 
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain  They want real change! 
Touring the border here in Nogales, Arizona. I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families. 
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges, not more walls. Pope Francis is right. 
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.  
This is a campaign  by the people, and for the people. 
We can live in a nation where if you work 40 hours a week, you know that your child is able to go to college regardless of your income. 
Vote for the political revolution.  
Sec. Clinton may disagree with me, but I dont think its a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad. 
Boeing gets 40 percent of the money discharged by the Export-Import Bank. And let me tell you, Boeing ain't exactly a small business. 
Today, you've got child care workers making minimum wage. That is crazy. We should value our child care workers more than that. 
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah. We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout. 
We can have differences about when to go to war, but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned.  
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors. 
Washington: If you cant attend your caucus, today is the last day to mail-in your ballot! Visit for more info! 
And while we don't guarantee health care to all, we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending. 
Sec. Clinton says she got to travel the world. Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people? 
A grassroots movement by the numbers:  Nearly 2 million donors  More than 5.7 million contributions  Average contribution: $27 
I don't take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it backabsolutely. 
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Idaho Falls here: 
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty. 
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free. I know my opponent thinks its a radical idea, I dont. 
How is it that tens of thousands of bright young people today are unable to go to college because they cant afford it? That's unacceptable. 
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street. 
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population. 
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated. 
This is why my plan to  starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground. 
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to to make a $27 contribution. 
Sec. Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry. I am doing it a different way. 
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint?  
Heres a radical idea: We're going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the billionaires! 
If patriotism means anything, it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us. 
We dont have billionaires waiting in the wings with bags of cash. This campaign is led by people like you. Donate: 
If you're a kid caught with marijuana, you get a record. If you're an exec on Wall St. that destroyed the economy, you get off scot-free. 
I dont believe you can take on climate change effectively while taking money from those who would profit off the destruction of the planet. 
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed, paid parental leave. We must guarantee these benefits. 
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families, not just the CEOs of large corporations. 
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. We can change this system. 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner. 
I am not just asking for your vote. I am asking for you to get involved in a political revolution. Join us: 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies dont just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security. 
No one said the political revolution would be easy. Were facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose. Donate: 
Between our governments unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud, its no wonder drug prices are out of control. 
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs. America needs a political revolution. 
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans. 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed. 
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken. 
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100 clean-energy system. 
Seen in Chicago. 
Last chance to head to the polls! Head out the door and text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. Go vote now.  
It's not too late to get out and vote for Bernie! Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling location and head over right now.  
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida  It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and go vote. 
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose. 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout and report it:  
Florida, grab your friends and family and go vote today. Polls are open until 7 PM. 
Voting for Bernie in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri or Florida today? Use  and share this image! 
Voters are going to the polls in five different states. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Ohio, its your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline.  
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida  not sure where to vote? Look up your polling location at 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. IL, NC, FL, MO, and OH: please go vote today.  
We need your help getting supporters out to vote. Can you spare an hour to call voters and get them to the polls? 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. Vote for Bernie today and use  to share! 
Today is an incredibly important day for our movement. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Sisters and brothers in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida: make your voice heard today. Go vote.  
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests. 
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem. Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues. 
Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig and Chris Tomson  and want you to go out and VOTE for Bernie tomorrow. 
I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign. This is a grassroots campaign. 
Idaho is ready to caucus for Bernie on March 22. Thanks for the huge march on Saturday! 
This campaign is proving that you can run for office without taking money from corporate America and special interests.  
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers, not just coal workers. 
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers. 
Thank you Tobey Giat for participating in democracy and for your help on my campaign. We can't do this without you. 
If you want a candidate who will defeat Trump or some other Republican, you are looking at him. 
When we talk about war, we must talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury. 
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of nearly any major country on earth. 
HillaryClinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money. 
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet. 
With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment. 
When we talk about education, we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage.  
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty.  
Espero que el seor Trump le diga a sus seguidores que la violencia no es aceptable en el proceso democrtico.  
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders.  
Like any other public official, when a police officer breaks the law, that officer must be held accountable.  
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process. We should condemn violence not encourage it.  
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois. 
The American people dont need a president who says the right things in a stump speech. They need a president who is with them every day. 
Trump should tone down his rhetoric and condemn the violence of some of his supporters. 
"We need you Obi-Wan." - DannyDeVito introducing Bernie in St. Louis before Missouri's primary on Tuesday. 
Today in the United States the top 1 percent earns more income than the bottom 50 percent. Does that make sense? 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America. 
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care. 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child. 
I have a message for Secretary Clinton: We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement. We need to defeat it. 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time. 
HillaryClinton and party allies are disenfranchising worker-class delegates at Polk County Iowa Democratic Convention. 
Effort under way right now by hillaryclinton and party allies to steal Polk County Iowa conv. election Bernie won earlier today. 
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price. 
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division. 
Good to be back in Chicago. 
"Every American, regardless of their income, should have access to a college education. - TroyLaRaviere 
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve. 
I'm asking young people to be leaders in this country. Help us create a nation where every person realizes their full promise of equality. 
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up. 
I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me. I dont want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers. 
We do things a little different in this campaign: We bring people TOGETHER.  
Watch Bernie live in Summit, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including combating climate change. 
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder. 
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system. 
North Carolinians who missed the first deadline can still register for early voting until tomorrow at 1PM ET. 
If elected, I won't send the TPP to Congress and will continue to fight efforts to pass it. I urge HillaryClinton to join me. 
Remembering Jane Lang. We will continue her fight for universal health care. 
As president, I will govern based on principle not poll numbers. Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests. 
That's a good question. My answer is yes. 
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Unlike Sec. Clinton, I have nothing to release. 
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement, not a weaker one. 
The politics of division has no place in our country. Trump should take responsibility for addressing his supporters' violent actions. 
I agree. That's why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions. 
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources. 
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history. 
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians. We must overturn Citizens United before its too late. 
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement, a political revolution in this country. 
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits. 
Real change takes place when people stand up and say enough is enough, and when we create a political revolution from the ground up. 
The message we are sending to the billionaire class is you cannot continue to get huge tax breaks while children in America go hungry. 
PolitiFact: Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan 
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind. 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign. It is a peoples campaign. 
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the U.S. We've lost 60,000 factories since 2001. 
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America.  
Bernie vot contra la guerra de Irak y cambiar el rgimen en Libia porque tema lo que sucedera despus. Desafortunadamente, l tuvo razn. 
Sec. Clinton is arguing that the U.S. should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people. 
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage. How would HillaryClinton get there?  
Why does HillaryClinton think it's okay for Trump's kids to go to elementary, middle, and high schools for free, but not colleges? 
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after. Unfortunately, he was right. 
Necesitamos una economa que funcione para todos, no slo para un puado de multimillonarios.  
El director de Goldman Sachs no me dio $250,000; al contrario, dijo que soy un peligro. Y tiene razn  soy un peligro para Wall Street. 
The head of Goldman Sachs didnt give Bernie $225,000 for a speech. He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street. And hes right. 
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders.  
Video from that Clinton speech telling Wall St to "cut it out" shows her greeting "wonderful donors" in the room. 
Let's stop the racism. Let's stop the xenophobia. Let's stop Trump.  
Bernies immigration plan is the gold standard. "We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness. nytimes 
"The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners." - HillaryClinton on the "auto" bailout in 2008. 
HillaryClinton doubles down on "negative tactics" and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times: 
No deportar a nios que viven en Estados Unidos de Amrica. Eso lo puedo prometer.  
We have laws. - HillaryClinton  
I will not deport children from the United States of America. I can make that promise.  
"Clinton acknowledged that, in some cases, a childs deportation could bring them great harm."  
Como presidenta, yo me opondr a darle licencias de conducir a personas indocumentadas  HillaryClinton en 2007.  
"As president, I will not support drivers licenses for undocumented people..." - HillaryClinton in 2007 
Bernies guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up. 
"I am, you know, adamantly against illegal immigration. - HillaryClinton. 
Cuando iniciamos estbamos 50 puntos detrs de la nominada demcrata inevitable. Ahora esa candidata no se ve tan inevitable.  
When we began we were 50 points behind the inevitable Democratic nominee. Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable.  
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the  in Miami. Tune in live here and  
Bernie est a punto de subir al escenario del  en Miami. Mralo en y participa usando  
I stand with Chicago teachers. We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street. 
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people. We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs. 
Some people say young people are apathetic. It seems to me like they are ready to transform America. 
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty. There's enough violence in the world and the government shouldn't add to it. 
Multinational corporations making billions, moving jobs overseas, are asking for handouts from our middle class? I don't think so. 
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right. That's taking care of its people. Not more tax breaks for the rich. 
FLGovScott, veto this bill. Dont play politics with abortion. 
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power, and to take on the ruling class. 
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids? 
At the end of the day big money doesnt always win. What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us. 
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class. A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally, economically or politically. 
The corporate media counted us out. The pollsters said we were way behind. But we won. Thank you, Michigan. 
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation, the wealthy have never had it so good. 
Michigan: if youre in line to vote, you have a right to vote. Stay in line and make your voice heard. 
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men. Its sexism and it has got to end. 
Love always trumps hate. 
This is what we can learn from history: when people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
Watch Bernie in Miami live right now: 
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials. This should make us all proud. 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents.  
Michigan and Mississippi  not sure where to vote? That's OK! Look up your polling location at 
We must ensure pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work  it's not a radical idea.  
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi? Use  and share this image! 
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave.  
This is why it's so important that our Democratic debate moderators  
To our supporters abroad: today is your last chance to vote in the Global Primary. Submit your ballot by 6PM ET. 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Change cannot take place without political participation. 
Michigan y Mississippi  Lleg tu turno para participar en nuestro movimiento. Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar! 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: "They should be sent back." 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Michigan and Mississippi: please go vote today. 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street, but in fact it's Wall Street that regulates Congress. 
Michigan and Mississippi  It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. 
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick. Health care must be a right, not a privilege. 
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change. We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it. 
There is so much violence in our world today. I just don't think the state should add to it. That's one reason I oppose the death penalty. 
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change. 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty. 
Bottom line: with ISIS in Libya, the 2011 intervention made us less safe. You dont get extra points for good intentions. 
It took FoxNews to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate.  
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues. 
When forced to defend a record of supporting bad trade deals, sometimes you say things that just aren't correct. 
Last night, HillaryClinton went out of her way to mischaracterize my vote on the auto bailout. 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance. 
But to this day there are efforts by Republicans to make it harder for African-Americans, low-income people and senior citizens to vote. 
From the WashingtonPost: "Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout. He even voted for it." 
The reality is that Congress doesnt regulate Wall Street. Wall Street, its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress. 
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent. 
Tonight proved once again that we are well on our way towards winning this Democratic primary. Thank you, Maine! 
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  
If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking?  
Safe fracking is like clean coal, pure fiction.  
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking. HillaryClinton does. Big difference.  
Q. Do you support fracking? A. No.  
As Bernie answers this question from Abigails father, consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family: 
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes. Why do they need our taxpayer dollars?  
FACT: Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008.  
Bernie was one of the first, not one of the last, to oppose the job-killing TPP.  cc: HillaryClinton 
Tune in to tonight's  live and  here: 
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint?  
At the end of the day, I will trust the people to create a government that works for them, not Corporate America or Wall Street.  
We're glad that HillaryClinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov. Snyder's resignation.  
Children in America should not be poisoned. The federal government must act. No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water.  
The governor of Michigan must resign, but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint.  
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Watch the  and join the conversation.  
A campaign is not about what you said yesterday. It is about what you have stood for your entire career. 
I helped write the Affordable Care Act. It's done some great things, but we must do more. 50 million are still uninsured or underinsured. 
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank. 
Maine, do you know where to caucus today for Bernie? Text ME to 82623 for your location!  
This is a sad day for America. Nancy Reagan had a good heart, and she will be dearly missed. 
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege. 
Americas radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class. 
This campaign is not about meit's about all of us. No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together. 
We need your help today, Maine! When you caucus, report delegate counts from your location at 
U.S. trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit, Flint: 
Maine: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
Weve got the momentum, the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. 
Thank you for the strong support, Nebraska! 
Thank you, Kansas! When we started this campaign, no one would have ever expected wed win.  
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign. There are no excuses. 
It's time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare. 
I think if you're gonna get paid $225k for a speech it must be a good speechShakespearian. I can't wait to read it. 
Tune in live to the Warren, Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon!  
Vote or caucus for Bernie to say  or  today to keep the White House!  
ICYMI: Bernie leads Trump at 55 percent to 43 percent and is also leading both Cruz and Rubio by double digits. 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance. 
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5,000 a year. 
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in KS, LA or NE today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry. I'm not afraid of them, not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America. 
KS, LA and NEYou vote or caucus today! Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling or caucus location!  
Kansas, Louisiana and NebraskaToday is your day. Go out and vote or caucus: 
When we talk about public education, it is not just 1st grade through 12th. We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free. 
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs. 
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up.  
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Congrats to Raise_Up_WA for taking the first step to a $15/hr min. wage and paid leave. 
Today, 1 in 3 black males can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy. 
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes. 
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
Louisiana, Kansas and Nebraska: it's your turn tomorrow! Make your voice heard. 
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society. 
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need.  
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people.  
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard.  
Watch Bernie live in Edwardsville, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including college affordability. 
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the US by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman. 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child. 
Your work could mean the difference between winning or losing upcoming states for Bernie. 
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families, not billionaires buying elections. 
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change  real change  and that is what this campaign is about. 
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls.  
In many states, it's legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender. We're gonna change that!  
Think big, not small. Ask yourself: do I have to leave college with 30, 40 or 50 thousand dollars in debt?  
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street. 
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Lawrence, Kansas here:  
Not many people know it, but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960. What changed? Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs. 
Change happens from the bottom up. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers.  
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying hes not worried because if elected shell flip back to support it. 
You dont create real public policy unless you listen to the science, and the science is clear: climate change is real. 
As a society, we should never stigmatize women for breastfeeding in public. 
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner. 
Here is a radical idea. Lets listen to the scientists, not the politicians.  
Politicians who deny climate change is real, despite an overwhelming scientific consensus, are morally bankrupt.  
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails.  
Bernie speaks to the overflow crowd at today's rally in Lincoln, Nebraska.  
43,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA. I opposed that bad deal, HillaryClinton did not. 
I know that Sec. Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big. I dont think so. 
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's free trade policies. 
If we are going to win this primary, we have to be ready to fight, organize, and win in the states ahead. Volunteer: 
Our trade policy must change. Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America, not in low-wage countries. 
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs  jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class  now pay a poverty wage of $9.60 an hour? 
In 1960, the wealthiest city in America was Detroit. Today, it is the poorest big city. 
Happening now: press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan. Tune in live here: 
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation. We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation. 
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about our huge banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right. 
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance. 
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up. 
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury. Its crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world. 
Today, people living in Bucharest, Romania have access to much faster Internet than most of the US. Thats unacceptable and must change. 
I dont believe in the agenda of the billionaire class. And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree.  
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income. 
realDonaldTrump and I agree on something. He and I both want to run against the other. Guess who wins? 
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls. 
Americas 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined.  
We have the highest childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earthyoure damn right I'm gonna talk about poverty.  
Watch our rally in Portland, Maine, live here:  
We want a nation where young black men and women can live without fear of being falsely arrested, beaten or killed. 
Its time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters. 
They have the money, but we have the people. In the end, I believe the people can win. Volunteer to help us win: 
Thank you 
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a womans constitutional right.  
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
You win elections through a strong grassroots effort. Thank you, Oklahoma, Colorado, Minnesota and Vermont. 
Thank you to all of our volunteers and organizers who pulled it off in Minnesota. 
Welcome to the political revolution, Colorado! 
Thank you, Oklahoma! 
Your voice matters. Your vote matters. If youre in line to vote, stay in line and practice democracy. 
You still have time to get out and vote in  states! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information. 
Want real change? Vote for Bernie.  
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Amplify the vote! Call Bernie voters in  states to help with the final shift of the day: 
By voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaires. 
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
America is about standing together. Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality.  
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, y VTHoy es tu da. Sal a votar. Necesitas encontrar tu distrito electoral? 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on  Use  or  and share this image! 
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That's what this campaign is about. This is your movement.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Please go vote today.  
Democrats win when voter turnout is high, when people come together and we reject division. Go vote.  
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, and VTToday is your day. Go out and vote. Need to find your polling place? 
I hope you show up to the polls today and make your voice heard. We know that when we  anything is possible.  
Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future. 
Not only will we beat realDonaldTrump, we will beat him badly. Because we know love trumps hate.  
You crushed our goal of raising $40 million for the month. Help us reach $45 million. 
Let me be clear: We don't have a super PAC, don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a peoples campaign.  
I'm not quite sure how you bring about real change in America if your super PAC collects millions from Wall St.   
Wanna hear a radical idea? We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent.   
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton, MA. Tune in LIVE:  
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
Midwest for Bernie: If you haven't liked our official Facebook page, go check it out right now:  
I think if youre gonna get paid $200,000 for a speech it must be a pretty damned good speech. I cant wait to read it. 
My opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  
I'm not just asking for your vote. I'm asking for your support the day after the election.  
The truth is you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money. Donate:  
Contribute before tonight's deadline to send a message to the billionaire class: You can't have it all.  
Fighting for social justice is never easy. It is always a struggle. Join us:  
Let us make history tomorrow.  
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America.  
Tomorrow, voters in 11 states will have the chance to vote for the Democratic nominee for President.  
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives.  
We'll win because togetherness trumps divisiveness, community trumps selfishness and love trumps hate.  
Vote to win the White House.  
Great article by ElizabethForMA. This is exactly what our campaign is talking about. 
Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline before Super Tuesday. Chip in: 
Thank you AlanGrayson for your endorsement! 
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All 
Make a $2.70 contribution and help us hit our goal of raising $40 million in February before tonight's FEC deadline. 
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's desire for real change in this country. 
Tune in now to the TJMShow for a discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
On the road with my most trusted adviser JaneOSanders. 
Bernie Sanders cant do this alone. We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement.  
Native Americans know that if you destroy nature you destroy life. That is what were doing globally and that has got to change.  
This campaign is about a political revolution  millions of people standing up and saying "enough is enough." 
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you. 
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail! 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Bernie trumps the GOP. If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat Republicans. 
America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK. 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Help us win! 
The U.S. spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world. Yet we leave millions overlooked. 
As a veteran of the Iraq War, Rep. TulsiGabbard understands the cost of war. I am honored to have her endorsement. 
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve. 
It's time for this injustice to end. 
I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters. This campaign is just beginning. 
"It is the public  not the candidate  who decides how much disclosure is enough."  
Do you know where to vote for Bernie today? Text SC to 82623 to find your polling location! 
Killer Mike wants you to go vote for Bernie right NOW. Polls are open to 7 p.m. Get out and vote!  
A strong showing today across South Carolina will shock the political establishment. Grab your friends and family and come out and vote. 
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia, S.C. office for the afternoon canvass launch.  
South Carolina: we have come a long way here in the last nine months. I urge you to come out and vote today. 
South Carolina  Need to look up your polling location to vote for Bernie? 
South Carolina  Its your turn to vote for our political revolution. Polls are open from 7am to 7pm. 
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits. 
It's time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation leave. 
What is going on in America? We should be hiring educators, not firing them! 
South Carolina, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Look up your polling location here: 
To the vast majority of the American people, democracy means one person, one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs. 
Tune in now to catch NinaTurner's introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina!  
"I will certainly look into it." 21 days 19 hours 6 minutes 
I have a radical idea: instead of having unfettered free trade, we should have fair trade protecting workers in the U.S. and abroad. 
Delaware  Today is the deadline to change your party affiliation to Democrat to vote for Bernie! Change yours here: 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's Barber Shop in Columbia, S.C. to talk to voters. 
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president: 
When the people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs. 
Last night, KillerMike joined students in SC to phone bank voters. Today, we'll be at Claflin University. Join us! 
I have a 98 pro-union voting record. I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement. 
Since 2001, bad trade policies caused 60,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close. 
This great university is being threatened with cuts. What is going on in America? Where are our priorities? 
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children. 
"We need politicians who will stand with Indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands." 
Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton? 
NYT agrees: HillaryClinton should release her Wall Street transcripts. Day 20 since she said "I will look into it." 
Join rapper and activist KillerMike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg. 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. They're overworked, underpaid, and under enormous stress. 
All immigrants, including undocumented workers and their families, should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act. 
Bernie is in Flint, Michigan, right now participating in a community forum. Watch live here: 
What welfare reform did, in my view, was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country. 
Let us be clear: the campaign finance system in the U.S. is corrupt, it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed. 
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable. 
Woody Guthrie is one of the greatest musicians in history. His songs spoke to the reality of working-class life. 
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren. 
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up. Another candidate does not agree. 
I do not have a super pac. One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street. One of us does not. 
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from LCVoters. We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change. 
Washington is too busy representing the interests of wealthy campaign contributors to worry about the middle class. 
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is nothing we can't accomplish. 
We need to invest in jobs and job training, rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people. 
Excited to be in Kansas City, Missouri to discuss a wide range of issues important to Missourians. Watch live here: 
It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax. 
Vermont, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit to register online by 5PM tonight. 
Just a reminder. 
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL. I won't leave 29 million behind. 
How we will end childhood poverty in America today? By standing together. As one nation. As a united nation. 
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina. This is wrong and we're gonna change that. 
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country on earth. 
When we guarantee health care as a right, you take a huge bite out of poverty. 
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people. 
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color. 
HillaryClinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches. Arent we better than that? 
Qu tipo de pas quieres tener? Ests listo para luchar por l?  
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very, very much.  
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors, over 1,000,000 of them, 27 bucks a piece. That's who I'm indebted to. Not Wall Street. 
Instead of cutting programs for seniors, children and veterans, we are gonna demand large corporations and the wealthy pay their fair share. 
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.  
"My father is from Poland. No one has asked for my birth certificate. Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin."  
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform.  
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle: Real change never comes from the top on down. It always comes from the bottom up. 
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans, regardless of income. 
We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us.  
Join Jane Sanders in Columbia, South Carolina for a conversation on education today. 
We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the promise of equality. 
"When Bernie gets to the White House, he will do the right thing. No flipping, no flopping." - SpikeLee 
Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country. 
MrDannyGlover has used his celebrity status in the fight for racial economic justice and I thank him for that. 
"I will certainly look into it." - HillaryClinton Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors. 
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor. 
If you want a candidate who is going to defeat Donald Trump, youre looking at him. 
"The more people get to know Bernie, what he stands for and his consistency, the more people support him." 
Im not running for president because its my turn, but because its everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all. 
New analysis from WCVI: Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada. 
It's been 17 days, 16 hours and 32 minutes since HillaryClinton said she would "look into" releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street. 
This campaign is about bringing people together. We understand that when we stand together, there is nothing we can't accomplish. 
There would be nothing that would give me greater pleasure than beating realDonaldTrump. 
Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors. 
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville, volunteers kept calls going strong. Join us: 
If you want a candidate whos going to defeat Donald Trump, youre looking at him.  
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us.  
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins.  
Racism, sexism, and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about.  
Thank you Rev. Charles Jackson and your congregation for the warm welcome today. 
My message to you today is straightforward: If elected president, I will rein in Wall Street so they cant crash our economy again. 
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities. 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes. Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions. 
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide. 
We need to solve problems like immigration in America, not use these issues to promote division and hostility. 
Proud that we brought many working and young people into the political process. We have the wind at our back as we head into Super Tuesday. 
I am very proud of the campaign we ran. Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election. 
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward. 
Si ests en la lnea del caucus, NO TE VAYAS! No necesitas ID para registrarte. Cualquier pregunta? Llama al 702-778-4336  
If you're in line to caucus, DO NOT LEAVE! You don't need ID to caucus or to register to vote. Any issues? Call 702-778-4336. 
Tens of thousands of fellow Bernie supporters are on their way to the caucus. Get to your caucus location now. 
Nevada, you've got just enough time to head out and caucus for Bernie. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your caucus location and head over now. 
This campaign isnt about me. This campaign is about US. Nevada, go caucus today at 11am.  
Look up your caucus location here:  
Together, we can send a message that will echo from Wall Street to Washington, from Maine to California. Go caucus.  
Questions or issues about caucusing today? Call our hotline:  
Nevada: today we caucus. Get to your caucus location by 11am. If there is a large voter turnout, we can win. Join history in the making. 
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve. 
Nevada, please help us move the political revolution forward! 
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people. They want real change! 
Nevada, I have a feeling that we are going to make a little bit of history tomorrow! 
Tune in live to Bernie speaking at the Henderson rally before tomorrow's caucus in Nevada: 
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American  on time and without delay. 
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans, but Social Security was right there with full benefits. 
Today, 85 of working men and 66 of working women work more than 40 hours a week. 
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society. 
We must rewrite bad trade agreements like NAFTA. They have been a disaster for the American worker. 
ICYMI: "The Clintons, when they were in office, werent exactly friends to immigrants." 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can't accomplish.  
Nevada, Bernie can't do this alone. Caucus tomorrow at 11AM.  
Wondering if you're eligible to caucus in Nevada? Help us win Nevada!  
Find your caucus location by texting CAUCUS to 82623!  
Nevada, Look up your caucus location here:  
Welcome to the political revolution.  
Questions or issues? Call our hotline:  
It's time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing.  
Khi ta ni khng vi s th hn v k th chng tc, M s tr nn hng mnh v on kt hn.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.  
This campaign is about a political revolution  millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough.  
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America.  
.  
Nevada, commit to caucus for Bernie:  
                
    ,       ,         
Estados Unidos es un mejor pas cuando juntos le decimos NO al racismo, al odio, y la intolerancia.  
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  
Before Social Security was signed into law, nearly half of our senior citizens lived in poverty. 
People of color are incarcerated, policed and sentenced to death at significantly higher rates than their white counterparts. 
Under my health care plan, people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food, heat and shelter. 
Nevada, do you know where your caucus location is? Find it easily here: 
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract! 
This is what a paid BernieSanders speech looks like: Don't worry. The $500 payout was given to charity. 
"We have to send a clear message, just because your child gets across the border, that doesn't mean the child gets to stay." - HRC, 2014 
Flashback: Hillary Clinton: Unaccompanied Minors 'Should Be Sent Back' 
Glad to hear HillaryClinton's promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin. 
29 million Americans dont have health insurance. 31 million are underinsured. Thats rationing. Those are wait times.  
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:  Social Security  Minimum Wage  Medicare and Medicaid  40-hour work week  
I've talked to too many young atins scared that tomorrow their mom or dad may be deported. We must unite, not divide families. 
Every child in America, regardless of their family's income, must be able to get the education they deserve. It's not a radical idea. 
"Today in 2016, in many respects, a college degree is the equivalent of what a high school degree was 50 years ago."  
We have gotta rewrite bad trade agreements like the TPP and NAFTA which displace millions of people.  
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers.  
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements. 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for HillaryClinton to do the same. 
"It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty."  
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers. The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard. 
"This country owes Senator Harry Reid a debt of gratitude."  
Clinton Electability Faces Scrutiny: via Mark Gersh 
Nevada, do you know how you are getting to the Caucus on Saturday? let us know if you need a ride: 
"Si uno toma dinero de los poderosos acabar teniendo que devolver el favor." - Rogelio Llamas, Nevada 
I voted against the war in Iraq. I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East. 
Nevada, do you know what time you need to be there on Saturday, Feb 20? That one is easy: plan to be there at 11am. 
"democracy is essentially a pro-active citizenry demanding public servants represent just causes." MrDannyGlover 
We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right, not a privilege. 
Businesses would save over $9,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan. 
Powered by folks like you all across NV, we'll show that the people, standing united, shouldn't be underestimated. 
Nuestro compromiso debe ser siempre defender a las familias trabajadoras, no premiar a los bancos de Wall Street. 
With the Nevada caucus on Saturday, I want to know what your plan is to get there and make your voice heard. 
Inequality Will Not Go Away On Its Own. Heres How to Close the Gap. via thenation 
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full. 
The political revolution continues in Nevada, but we cant do it without you. If we show up on caucus day, we can winits that simple. 
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store: 
Nevada, participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus:  
Ben Cohen stopped by three of our SC offices today to talk about ending Citizens United. Here he is in Greenville. 
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy. 
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty in this country. 
The Red Hot ChiliPeppers have a message for you... 
If there is a high turnout on Saturday, I think we can win. I urge you all: come out with your family and caucus. 
Too often, issues pertaining to seniors don't get enough discussion so I am glad we are having this event. 
I'll be speaking soon about Social Security, high drug prices and Medicare at  Watch LIVE here: 
Missouri's voter registration deadline is today, and it's an OPEN primary! Visit for details. 
Your volunteer shifts are working and we are almost there. Sign up for as many phone bank shifts as you can: 
People in American jails are disproportionately people of color. Thats the reality in America today. Thats a reality that has to change. 
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the U.S. and global economy. 
I believe when we stand together, when we share the vision that government should work for all of us, there is nothing we can't accomplish. 
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That is what this campaign is about. That is the political revolution. 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship. 
I ask you to join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top. 
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government. 
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty - the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth. 
When voter turnout is high, Democrats and progressives win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win. 
Learn what you need to know to caucus for Bernie in Nevada! Then commit to caucus here: 
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process. 
"Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color." - South Carolina Rep. Wendell Gilliard 
We have today a corrupt campaign finance system which is undermining American democracy. 
Illinois' registration deadline is today, but the state also has grace-period in select locations. Visit for info! 
Florida and Ohio, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary. Visit to register now! 
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children. 
With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks, well need to be ready. Sign up for a volunteer shift: 
American democracy is one person, one vote  with every citizen having an equal say  and no voter suppression. 
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together. Join us: 
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States. 
The Constitution is very clear: POTUS has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices. Let's have a hearing and a vote. 
Excited to be visiting South Carolina tomorrow starting with a Town Hall with JustinBamberg in the morning.  
Proud to have the support of Peace Action. 
Paid family and medical leave, health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth. 
South Carolina, please join me with Representative Gilliard for a town hall in Charleston tomorrow afternoon: 
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high. When people come together and we reject division. Register to vote: 
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
Join me in Atlanta tomorrow for a rally with ninaturner, KillerMike, JustinBamberg and MrDannyGlover! RSVP here: 
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big. When the people lead, the leaders follow. 
Alabama, today is the last day for you to register to vote. Visit to register today and help us win! 
Civil rights icon and entertainer HarryBelafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America. 
We do not represent the interests of Wall Street or the billionaire class. We don't want their money. This is a people's campaign. 
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in U.S. history at this point in a campaign. 
You can have a different point of view on immigration or anything else, but we cannot be attacking people because of their religion. 
I am glad to see the Colorado Springs PPRockyMountain health center reopen today.  
Next time you hear a politician talking about family values, ask yourself if they support measures which really help working families. 
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice! 
We have the momentum here in Nevada but I need your help. This is it. Sign up for a volunteer shift right now: 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they cant afford it. 
Thank you Dr. Fowler and your congregation for the warm welcome today at service. 
Happy Valentine's Day from Nevada! 
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation. I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail. 
Our campaign is funded by the people, others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest. 
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us. That doesn't solve problems, it makes them worse.  
Here in NV we send a strong message to the country: we will not stand for establishment politics.  
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group. 
America is about standing together as one people, not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality. 
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did, and lied about it to protect their bottom line. 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. Thats unsustainable and unforgivable. 
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls. 
As President, I will make public colleges and universities free, and were going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation. 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry. 
GOTV for our campaign in Nevada is under way. I need your help. Sign up for a shift: 
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution.  
$15 and a union - a phrase that won't be heard at tonights  Thats why we organize. 
This looks to me like a group of people who are prepared to make a political revolution.  
True freedom does not occur without economic security.  
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing. 
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle." - MLK 
Flashback: Sanders Endorses Jesse Jackson for President in 88 
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty. 
Watch Erica Garner's powerful endorsement of our campaign: 
This is it. I need you now to make this political revolution a reality. Volunteer for as many shifts as you can. 
Tune in  live here: 
The U.S. pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs; 1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions. 
I dont believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty. 
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage. 
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden, this country has come a long way economically. 
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt. 
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. 
It's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message." 
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families. 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for HillaryClinton to do the same. 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clintons Immigration Comments 
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers. 
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows. 
"I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend, and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy."  
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense, which is the one major agency that has refused an audit.  
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians.  
A people-powered campaign:  3.7M contributions  More than 1M donors  Average contribution lt; $30  
About 85 percent of HillaryClinton's campaign money has come from large donors.  
We dont use children to send a message." 
Fact check on HillaryClinton: "They should be sent back" 
It is appalling that HillaryClinton insisted that minors be shipped back to their country of origin like a package marked return to sender. 
Bernies guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up.  
We need radical, not incremental, reforms in our criminal justice system.  
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. That is an unspeakable tragedy.  
Young people in this country know exactly what they're doing. They know we need big change, not just small steps. 
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals. Hint: it's on this site:  
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people: the United States.  
The truth: 29 million Americans have no health insurance, 31 million are uninsured. Only one candidate has a plan to change that.  
We need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have got to be bold.  
Tune in tonight to the PBS  Watch at 9pm ET on PBS or CNN or stream online here:  
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism. 
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America. 
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities. 
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans. That is going to change. 
In the industrialized world, the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty. That's outrageous. 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Please help us win: 
Banking should help our communities, not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy. 
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement. 
"We set a goal of raising $6 million today and you already crushed that goal. Let's try $7 million." - Jeff Weaver 
I am moved by the fact that our campaigns financial support comes from more than 3.7 million individual contributions at an average of $27. 
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities. We need to raise the minimum wage. 
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college. 
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family, and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around. 
Im going to hold a fundraiser right here, right now, across America." - Last night, NH 
As President, let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will. 
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money, but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 
Happening now: Bernie on TheView on ABC. Tune in! 
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country. The people want real change. 
Never forget: When voter turnout is high, Democrats win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win. 
What we confirmed tonight is that we're building the political revolution our nation needs. This is your movement. 
The media says were going to win but we can't take anything for granted. Please, stay in line and practice democracy. Every vote matters. 
When we stand together, we win. Thank you, New Hampshire! 
Not sure where to vote? That's OK! You still have time. Lookup your polling location at 
Have any questions or issues with voting in today's  Call our hotline: 
When that happens, they will say it all started tonight in New Hampshire. Go out and say  in the  
Weve leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections.  
There is no bank that is too big to fail, no banker too powerful to jail.  
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change.  
Health care is recognized as a right for every man, woman, and child.  
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt.  
I want you to imagine eight years from now: The minimum wage is a living wage.  
New Hampshire, by voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class.  
Today, the eyes of the entire country are on New Hampshire. Bring your friends and go vote in the  
Voting for Bernie in the  Use  and share this image! 
Thank you to all of our volunteers currently getting out the vote in the Granite State.  
"I'm Ben. And, I'm Jerry. I'm a person. And I'm a person. Ben amp; Jerry's, not a person. Go out and vote today!" 
Questions or issues voting in the New Hampshire Primary today? Call our Hotline: 
Need to look up your polling location? 
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonalds must work when they are sick just because they cant afford to stay home. 
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary! 
New Hampshire, if turnout is high today, I believe we will win. I urge you to come out and vote today. Thank you. 
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch. First votes cast in the  
We are the only advanced economy that doesnt guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time. 
Thank you IBEW Local 357 for your support.  
This is a people's campaign. 
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. 
Woah! Big turnout for our  rally at UofNH! 
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. 
We must increase the min. wage to $15, which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos.  
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods 
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives.  
Are you ready to  It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends amp; anyone you meet! 
If there is a high turnout tomorrow, I think we are going to win. I urge you all: come out and vote.  
Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une. Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones.  
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
New Hampshire: Come out and vote tomorrow. Let's transform America.  
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer. El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together.  
New Hampshire: tomorrow you have a chance to  Commit to vote for Bernie: 
When we stand together, we win.  
To those who want to divide us up: Were not gonna hate Latinos. Were not gonna hate Muslims. We are going to stand TOGETHER.  
Our job is not to divide. Our job is to bring people together.  
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation, not allow them to divide us.  
Standing together, we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs.  
Is everyone ready for a radical idea this morning?  
We have come a long way in New Hampshire. Please come out to vote tomorrow tonight. 
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution. 
When it comes to supporting real family values, the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth. 
Ral Grijalva: Sanders detendr las deportaciones injustas 
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America.  
Im not running for president because its my turn, but because its everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all. 
Want real change? Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire.  
African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters. 
The U.S. needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security. 
If you want at least four more years of Larry David on NBCSNL, vote for Bernie!  
"Things in New Hampshire are pretty, pretty, pretty good!" Help us win:  
Tune in to "Bern your Enthusiasm" right now on nbcsnl!  
Live from New York it's Saturday Night!  
What did I think of the  Not good enough. Watch nbcsnl instead. 
Unilateral military action should be a last resort, not a first resort. 
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire.  
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia. 
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win. 
Nurses are out in force today getting out the vote in Salem, NH.  
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet, not hidden fees and rising prices.  
Mississippi's voter registration deadline is today. Democracy is not a spectator sport. Register to vote now: 
Millions of Americans lost their jobs, homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street.  
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials. 
Remember: this government belongs to all of us, not just a few wealthy campaign donors.  
To big pharma we say loud and clear: your days of raising drug prices off the charts are over.  
On our worst days, it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days.  
Excited to be in Rindge tomorrow morning at the Franklin Pierce University Fieldhouse! Doors open at 9am. More info: 
Gov. Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing. 
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying. 
It's unacceptable that billionaires and corporations can contribute as much as they want to elect those who represent special interests. 
I urge Sec. Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security. 
"Surprisingly, American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance. We just don't get it." 
We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters ability to participate. 
Join the political revolution in New Hampshire today. 
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors. 
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes. 
Oklahoma's voter registration deadline is today and Mississippi's is tomorrow. Take part in democracy! Register now: 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time.  
Huffington Post: Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life. 
On our worst days, it's fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate.  
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants.  
You aren't going to accomplish what we need for working families as long as big money interests control the US Congress.  
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA, I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA.  
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair.  
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get.  
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems. There are no excuses. Gov. Snyder should resign.  
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and atins. We must abolish it.  
Fewer email questions. More questions about protecting womens reproductive health.  
If you can't afford to take care of our veterans, then don't send them to war.  
Experience is important, but so is judgment. And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War. The other didn't.  
Es difcil ser un progresista real y enfrentar al establecimiento cuando dependes del dinero de Wall St y de farmacuticas.  
Its easy to apologize for making bad decisions. Its harder to make the right ones.  
Nosotros no representamos los intereses de los multimillonarios, de Wall St o de corporaciones. Nosotros no queremos su dinero.  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.  
It's hard to be a real progressive and take on the establishment when you've become dependent on Wall St. and drug company money.  
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money.  
Skip the commercials and watch Bernie take on Alan Greenspan.  
Let's ask why we pay by far the highest drugs prices and they can double tomorrow and there is nothing the gov't can do about it.  
I am pretty proud that we have over 1.3 million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance  I am the only one on stage without a super PAC.  
ICYMI  
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: I believe health care should be a right, not a privilege.  
"I don't believe in free college. - HillaryClinton 
Bernies education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education.  
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average.  
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's rigged by Wall Street and that's the problem.  
Remember: this is our movement. Watch tonight's  and  
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.  
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of.  
I will never hesitate to defend this nation, but I will never send our sons and daughters to war under false pretense. 
We need to ensure that workers have the skills, equipment, and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy. 
Standing room only at our Bernstorm in Colorado Springs yesterday! Get involved: 
Ben and Jerry stopped by our Portsmouth office today! Find your local office here: 
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.  
Were proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's support in Nevada. 
Donald Trump's racist comments and ideas are not what America is about. 
Excited to be hosting a Get Out the Vote Rally today in Rochester, New Hampshire. RSVP here: 
Youre looking at the guy whos not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance  I am walking the walk. 
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change. 
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it.  
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues.  
Change has always come from the bottom on up. That's what every major movement has been about. That's what we need right now.  
Bernie worked with Sen. McCain and Rep. Miller to pass the most comprehensive veterans affairs bill in modern history.  
My spirituality is that we are all in this together. When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me.  
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans, not a privilege.  
A family making $50,000 would save $5,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan.  
Tune in to the  right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
Climate change isnt just a problem for the future  the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now. 
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair. 
Some other days... 
Of course. There is no debate about this among progressives. 
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country. 
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq. One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States. 
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one. Honestly, it wasnt that complicated. 
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They didn't have to think about it a whole lot. 
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street. 
You can be a moderate. You can be a progressive. But you cannot be a moderate and a progressive. 
Q. Do you think HillaryClinton is a progressive? A. Some days, yes. Other days she announces she is a moderate. 
Congrats to DREAMerJ_D, one of our Latino Outreach Strategist, for becoming the first DREAMer lawyer in the State of NY today! Very proud. 
"You know, I get accused of being kind of moderate and center... I plead guilty." - HillaryClinton, Sept. 10, 2015. 
It's immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations. 
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking.  
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration. 
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country. Disproportionately African-American and Latino. 
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees. It's Wall Street's time to help the middle class. 
Blitzer: "The debate in New York City that they want. Are you accepting that?" Clinton: "No..." 
The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done.  
In the year 2016, public colleges and universities should be tuition free. How will we pay for it? We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation. 
Last night, we began the political revolution not just in Iowa, not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation. 
This moment requires a political revolution with millions of people coming together. Watch our rally in Keene live: 
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money. 
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election. 
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along: when we stand together, anything is possible. 
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us 
Want real change? Caucus tonight for Bernie Sanders. And bring the folks with you.  
Don't know how to  tonight? It's easy! Head to your local caucus location and watch this: 
Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people.  
They say you don't care. They say you won't caucus. They say we can't win. Prove them wrong.  
En la Democracia tu presencia es tu voz. Iowa hoy escuchar a la comunidad Latina.  
Commit to  in  
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty.  
Sanders super PAC haul $0.00 This is a people's campaign.  
Look up your caucus location to  in  
Questions or issues on how to  Call our hotline:  
Football is a spectator sport. Democracy is not a spectator sport.  
We win tonight if turnout is high. Bring your friends and family. Come out and  in  
Together we can build a future that works for all of us, not just the few on top.  
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we cant accomplish.  
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up.  
Were going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back. It starts with you.  
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. Together, we will do that.  
We've got a message from JustinLong. Hint: he wants you to caucus today.  
The revolution starts today. Iowa, come out and caucus.  
Iowa, let's make a little bit of history today. Come out and caucus.  
This is our country, and it's time we took it back from the billionaire class. Today, we come together to say, "Enough is enough." 
It is absurd that one family (the Waltons of Walmart) has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry. 
When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
Let me say it loudly and clearly: I believe that health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy. Together, we're gonna stop that. 
The revolution starts here. The revolution starts now. 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that "cant get done in Washington. Couldn't disagree more. 
I do not represent corporate America and I dont want their money. 
I am proud to tell you that I am the only candidate on the Democratic side that does not have a super PAC. 
Dreamers and young atins getting out the caucus. Don't know how to caucus? It's easy: 
Anupama is asking Iowans to  If you're not in Iowa you can help by going to 
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money. 
Any Democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus Monday for Sen. Bernie Sanders. 
The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth.  
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low. 
Sec. Clinton and I have differences of opinion. Lets debate those differences, not go around distorting records. 
Up next Ill be on ABCs ThisWeekABC and CNNs CNNSotu. Tune in! 
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months. The momentum is with us.  
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana. That is absurd and it is destroying lives. 
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout. To get people involved in the political process.  
Live stream from Iowa City with vampireweekend fosterthepeople jillsobule and others: 
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families. 
"Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind. - John F. Kennedy 
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem, NH about building a revolution.  
Welcome to the political revolution.   
When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win.  
Brothers and sisters: Now is not the time for thinking small. Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics.  
If we stand together, we will win. If we are divided, the big-money interests win.  
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
If we stand together on Monday night, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.   
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class.  
This campaign is about a political revolutionmillions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.  
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process, we will not bring about the real change we need.  
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president, it's about creating a grassroots political movement.  
I've said it since day one: this campaign is not about me, it's about you.  
The concept of the minimum wage, was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as socialist. 
Help us win Iowa. Text GIVE to 82623 to donate from your phone. 
Its time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system. 
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D. Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone. 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform. 
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the 1 percent. 
American democracy is one person, one vote  with every citizen having an equal say  and no voter suppression. 
Instead of cutting head start and childcare, we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country. 
To my Republican colleagues I say: worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children. 
BREAKING: Sanders super PAC haul $0.00 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world. 
I hope HillaryClinton joins me in support of expanding Social Security benefits for all seniors and disabled veterans. 
At a time when senior poverty is increasing, we must expand Social Security benefits, not cut them. 
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes, they actually got a rebate. 
A single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks. 
I applaud state legislators for leading on  Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap. 
A living wage should not only be fair, it should be equitable. We must pass pay equity for women workers.  
If Im president, will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if Im president? You better believe it. 
When we began we were 50 pts behind the inevitable Dem nominee. Now that inevitable candidate aint so inevitable. 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects. 
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population. 
If we stand together, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. We can bring hope to the political process. We can make real change. 
Recibo con honor el apoyo de ElTrueque, revista Latina de Iowa. Con su respaldo llevaremos a ms Latinos al caucus. 
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty. 
Today is one of the last days to contribute and have it go towards our campaign in Iowa: 
People should not underestimate us. Lets rock the boat.  
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process. Change happens when we stand up and fight back. 
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin. 
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour. 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. 
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. But when we're divided, the big money interests will always win. 
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value. 
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire. 
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates. HillaryClinton has not. Why is that? The answer is obvious. 
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are.  
Here with the people of Mason City, Iowa tonight with SusanSarandon. Tune in live here: 
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate. 
Bernie Sanders: speaking tonight in Mason City, Iowa. Hillary Clinton: at investment firm fundraiser in Philadelphia. 
We are the wealthiest nation in the world, but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections. Ordinary people dont vote. We have an economic and political crisis in this country. 
Regardless of their income, we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all. 
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet. 
Innovation and business success should be rewarded. But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support. 
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union, it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions. 
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic, civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes. 
We must protect a womans right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood.  
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. I disagree.  
Ready for a radical idea? Were gonna invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.  
You dont have to drag Bernie into the fight, he leads the fight! - KeithEllison 
Watch LIVE now:  
Speaking shortly in St. Paul, MN. There is a lot of enthusiasm out here! Tune in LIVE here:  
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 
We should not be firing teachers, we should be hiring teachers.  
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work.  
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription. Thats wrong.  
I believe that we need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have to be bold.  
What a turnout! Watch our rally in Duluth live here:  
Join SarahKSilverman, georgelopez, kevin_nealon and others at the Laugh Factory tonight. 
Excited to be in Minnesota today! Ill be speaking in Duluth shortly and in St. Paul tonight.  
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty. 
Congrats chtrust and Brenda Torpy for  win recognizing housing programs we set up in  in the 80s. 
Check here for your chance to win a pint of Bens new ice cream flavor Bernies Yearning: 
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace. 
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood. PPact is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded. 
Experience is important, but so is judgement.  
Bajo el plan de Bernie, una familia pagar en un ao entero menos por atencin mdica de lo que paga ahora en un mes.  
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction.  
Under Bernie's plan, the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month.  
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:  Social Security  Minimum Wage  Medicare and Medicaid  40-hour work week  
Anybody in this country, regardless of their income, should be able to go get a higher education.  
Tune in now to the  on CNN to watch Bernie discuss the issues facing our nation.  
I  against those who want to take away a woman's right to an abortion. 
Want real change? Caucus for Bernie Sanders on Feb 1. Oh, and take the folks with you.  
Today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail. 
You can't be an American company only when you want corporate welfare from taxpayers or lucrative contracts from the federal government. 
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their U.S. citizenship to avoid paying U.S. taxes. 
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers. 
I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers amp; fathers too. 
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security. This woman's story was heartbreaking. 
Pundits say that young people won't come out to participate in the political process. Let's make the pundits eat those words, IowaStateU. 
Equal pay for equal work. Its not a radical idea. We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law. 
The greed of the billionaire class, and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans. 
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis, NH.  
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short. 
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all. 
Physicians agree: single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured. 
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
We must invest in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.  
Republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires. 
Under my administration, Wall Street wont be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products. 
If Wall Street does not end their greed, we will end it for them. 
If were going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone. I was out front on that issue. 
We don't represent billionaires, Wall Street or the big drug companies - we don't want their money and we will succeed without them. 
HillaryClinton says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable. We couldnt agree more. - Jeff Weaver 
Join SarahKSilverman, georgelopez, kevin_nealon and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26. Tickets here: 
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division. Democrats win when the voter turnout is high. 
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. 
I will be on ThisWeekABC, meetthepress and FaceTheNation this morning. Make sure to tune in! 
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors. 
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy, the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it. 
Our campaign is a people's campaign. We don't have and we dont want a Super PAC. We have YOU. Help us win: 
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing. 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Head here and help us win: 
Snowed in and couldn't make it to a watch party? Watch Bernie's live address LIVE here right now: 
We can be a country where all seniors can live in dignity and security, and not be forced to choose between their medicine and their food. 
People are saying, "How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires?" 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. We must lift the cap. 
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications. 
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America. We can deliver change, but not by tinkering with the system at the margins. 
Tonight, just nine days before the Iowa caucuses, I want to talk directly to my best supporters. Join me: 
This is a campaign of the people, by the people, and for the people. Welcome to the political revolution.  
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet. 
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs.  
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus. Take a couple minutes and listen to John's story. 
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that were gonna allow them to win. 
Today, a college degree is equivalent to a high school degree 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
I would expand initiatives that protect womens health, access to contraception, and the availability of a safe and legal abortion.  
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade, resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment. 
I join with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on womens right to choose.  
As president, I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a womans right to an abortion.  
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v. Wade guaranteed a womans right to choose. 
Despite major advances in civil and political rights, our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality. 
Today, on the anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I will say that no one will be a stronger defender of a woman's right to choose than me.  
If Democrats want to win the general election, frankly, I think I'm the stronger candidate. 
What's Clinton's Secret Health Care Plan? 
Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future. 
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise. 
With less than two weeks until the Iowa caucus, I need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. 
Facts on Social Security: $2.8 trillion surplus Can pay every benefit owed until 2035 Made of US Treasury bonds 
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions. 
Families are showing up tonight to do something radical: they're practicing democracy.  
Students in Wolfeboro left us some notes today. They are a future to believe in.  
Thank you Juanes and JohnLegend for speaking up against for-profit private prisons amp; the criminalization of immigrants in AZ.  
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road. 
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels. 
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days. cc: HillaryClinton 
Thank you wkamaubell, MClyburnFCC, CoryBooker and VanJones68 for fighting for a  
Internet access is no longer a luxury: it is essential for 21st century commerce, education, telemedicine and public safety. 
36 of Black Americans and 46 of atins don't have a high-speed internet connection at home. They deserve a  
We must do all we can to provide all Americans, especially low-income families, affordable access to broadband.  
There needs to be a path back from prison, including a restoration of full voting rights. 
Billionaires already own much of our economy. That, apparently, is not enough. Now, they want to own the United States government as well. 
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American.  
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us, not just the 1 percent.  
In essence, this ruling handed millionaires and billionaires  who have already rigged our economy  unlimited influence in our elections. 
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption. 
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people. 
Today is the sixth-year anniversary of Citizens United, one of the most disastrous Supreme Court decisions in my lifetime. 
The U.S. spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world. 
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you. 
Thanks, johnpodesta. Appreciate the effort, but you didnt answer our questions! Heres the list.  
ICYMI: Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game:  
Portsmouth turned out tonight to talk to billmckibben about climate change and how to support our movement.  
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6,240. Its time to raise the minimum wage. 
Corporate greed needs to end; they're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans. 
Thank you for visiting us in NH! 
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer, and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand. 
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not.  
Wheres Clintons Climate Plan? 
I oppose the Bakken pipeline. Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence. 
The debate is over. Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded. This planet is in trouble. 
Join Dr. CornelWest, Adolph Reed and others for a Higher Ed for Bernie Town Hall in Columbia tonight:  
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save middle-class families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average. 
Join my friend billmckibben for a Town Hall in Portsmouth, New Hampshire tonight:   
It's wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent. 
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues. 
I'll be on the Rachel maddow show on MSNBC shortly. Tune in now.  
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process. Our thoughts are with his family. 
I am asking people not just for your vote, but to be part of a revolution to transform our country.  
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old, same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas. 
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the U.S. Postal Service to engage in basic banking services. 
Join Dr. CornelWest, scholar Adolph Reed and others for a Higher Ed for Bernie Town Hall in Columbia tomorrow: 
If Congress continues to fail to act, as president I would uphold and expand the president's action. 
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action. 
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country. They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money. 
Must read: The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3.5 Billion 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking. 
This campaign aint about Bernie. I cant do it alone. This campaign is about you.  
We need to look at addiction not as a crime, but a health issue.  
Health care is a right, not a privilege. That's why my plan will insure every American. 
Some people told me Alabama was a conservative state. I guess not. Watch live:  
This is a campaign of the people, by the people, and for the people.  
Tune in LIVE to CornelWest and ninaturner in Alabama here:  
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say: Enough is enough!"  
Excited to be in Birmingham tonight for a rally to discuss the issues facing our nation.  
How did I prep for yesterdays debate? I joined the  picket line. Its what I do. 
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth. 
This country was built by immigrants. I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed. 
There's a disparity in education for children in poor communities. Weve gotta change that. 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families. 
Martin Luther King Jr: "This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor.  
As we honor MLK, we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America. 
Want to get on the front page of the paper? I have to make some vicious attack. I won't do that.  
There are no excuses. The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flints water. He did nothing. Gov. Snyder should resign.  
Bernies immigration plan is the gold standard. "We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness. nytimes 
If elected president, Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet.  
Bernie supports a defense budget that looks after our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors.  
Bernie is the only candidate that voted against giving the NSA power to spy on Americans.  
Me parece muy extrao que un muchacho que fuma mariguana es arrestado pero los ladrones en Wall Street siguen libres.  
We can protect America without violating our citizens' constitutional rights. That's why Bernie voted against the Patriot Act.  
"Cuando alguien muere en custodia policial se debe iniciar automticamente una investigacin federal."  
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner. 
Where do the candidates get their money?  
It's amazing that Republicans are so owned by fossil fuel contributors that they don't have the courage to listen to science.  
We bailed out Wall Street, its their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free.  
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save middle-class families sending kids to college $9,400 a year.  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.  
I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs.  
We don't have a super PAC. We don't want a super PAC. And we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a peoples campaign.  
Bernie's plan to take on Wall St.: Break up the big banks Reestablish Glass-Steagall Make them pay their fair share  
Looking forward to your plan, HillaryClinton.  
 will save the American people and businesses over $6 trillion in the next decade. 
Under Bernie's plan, the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month.  
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth. 
Bernie's plan will expand on the ACA and create a system that puts people's health over profits.  
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.  
We must demilitarize our police forces so they dont look and act like invading armies.  
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities, including in training academies and leadership.  
Whenever anyone is killed in police custody it should automatically trigger a federal investigation.  
Polls confirm: Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election.  
We must make certain that people who should not have guns, do not have guns. We must fight for sensible gun control legislation. 
In 1988, Bernie stood up to the gun lobby and said we should not be selling military assault weapons.  
Our campaign is about thinking big: health care for all, $15 minimum wage and creating millions of new jobs.  
This campaign is about a political revolution to transform our country economically, socially and environmentally.  
Ready to  Show your support for Bernie at tonights  
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.  
Before we head to the  I'll be rallying with workers in Charleston in the  and a union. 
 means no more copays, no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges. 
Es hora de unirnos a las naciones que garantizan la atencin mdica como un derecho para todos, no un privilegio. 
My  plan is the only plan that provides health care to ALL Americans, including the 50 million uninsured or underinsured. 
A family making $50,000 would save $5,807 a year under my  plan. 
Its time to join every other major nation and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege. 
When youre sick you should go to the doctor. And when you come out of the hospital you should not come out in bankruptcy.  
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
We're reminded when we knock doors in the snow that our environment is worth fighting for.  
Live with KillerMike: Ill give you an example of our broken criminal justice system... 
Streaming live right now discussing MLKs legacy: 
Happening now. Bernie, Senator Turner, Killer Mike and Dr. Cornel West LIVE: 
Bernie is joined by Killer Mike, Senator Nina Turner and Dr. Cornel West to discuss the legacy of MLK. Watch: 
We have a brand new tool for Bernie supporters online, and you can be one of the first to use it:  
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including China, an authoritarian country 4 times our size. 
We are going to create a nation that works for all of us, not just for a handful of millionaires and billionaires. 
When it comes to our responsibilities as human beings and parents, it is imperative our planet stays habitable for our kids and grandkids. 
Actor Stephen Bishop, Senator ninaturner and Dr. CornelWest enjoying ClyburnSC06's Charleston famous fish fry. 
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward, not just a dark corner to hide in. 
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. That cannot continue. 
Congrats to Zeta Phi Beta and members of my team cspain1920, o_kersh and bremaxwell on 96 years of service. Happy Founders' Day.  
Congrats, POTUS. The test of a great nation is how we use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way. 
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy. That will change under my administration. 
I will fight for a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking, investment banking, and insurance services. 
This good news shows that diplomacy can work even in this volatile region of the world. 
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems. The people of Flint deserve more than an apology. 
Because of the conduct by Gov. Snyder's administration, families will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives. 
There are no excuses. The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's water. He did nothing. Gov. Snyder should resign. 
Sanders Statement: Michigan Governor Must Resign over Flint Lead-Poisoning Crisis 
Three out of the four largest financial institutions are bigger now than before we bailed them out. 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes. Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions. 
The reality is that Congress doesnt regulate Wall Street. Wall Street, its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress. 
And within one year, my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy. 
During the first 100 days of my administration, the Treasury Department will create a too-big-to fail list of banks and insurance companies. 
Under my administration, Goldman Sachs execs and other Wall Street CEOs wont go through the revolving door from Wall Street to government. 
We need federal prosecutors and regulators with clear track records of standing up to the greed and recklessness on Wall Street. 
The $5 billion settlement with Goldman Sachs should make it clear to everyone that the business model on Wall Street is fraud. 
As president, I would make the moratorium permanent and extend it to all new fossil fuel leases.  
I applaud the president for stopping all new federal coal leases on public lands. We must do all we can to keep fossil fuels in the ground. 
Congrats to akasorority1908 Sorority, Inc. and Facia Johnson on my S.C. team on 108 years of service. Happy Founders' Day.  
We will no longer tolerate an economic and political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans. 
Greed, fraud, dishonesty, and arrogance are the words that best describe the reality of Wall Street today. 
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades. 
The Bernie store funds our political revolution. Get your union made, made in America merch: 
So, yes, we are going to expand, not cut, Social Security benefits.  
Social Security has a $2.8 trillion surplus. It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years.  
Republicans on stage claim Social Security is going broke. They are dead wrong.  
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear mongering. During these difficult times, we will not succumb to Islamophobia.  
The Republicans seem to think they could beat our campaign. They havent seen the polls.  
marcorubio: I'm proud that we have a president that is committed to funding Planned Parenthood.  
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, were not going to hate Latinos or Muslims. We are going to stand together.  
We need to make it easier for kids to go to college regardless of their family's income.  
I want to thank everyone who came out to our town hall tonight and I want to thank all those in the overflow room: 
I hope every man in this room will stand up and fight for women's pay equity. 
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent. 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government. 
Clinton Surrogate Guarantees Negative Ad Campaign Against Sanders 
We can live in a nation where everyone, no matter their race, religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality. 
In 2015, a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free. 
Getting ready to grow our revolution in NH with a daytime canvass training and door knocking.  
It's time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve. 
Please join me and special guests for a rally in Birmingham. RSVP here:  
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy.  
Will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I'm president? You better believe it. 
Are we prepared to take on the enormous power of the billionaire class, or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy? 
"Food stamp recipients didn't cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did. - POTUS 
Congrats to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. on 103 years of service! Happy Founders Day to my team members DonniTurner1 and Tracy Gibson. 
I stand with the hundreds of Nevadans asking nevada_puc to protect NV solar jobs and investments in our clean energy future. 
Flashback: Hillary Clinton on universal health care in 2008 
Tune in to RobertsMSNBC on MSNBC right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
"To Bernie Sanders with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all mericans..."-HillaryClinton 
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together, we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose. 
Incredibly, today in many states, it is still legal to fire someone for being gay. That is unacceptable and must change. 
Tonights speech was important. The president reminded us not to be afraid of change, but to wield it to improve the lives of all Americans. 
We must prevent employers from discriminating against applicants based on criminal history by banning the box. 
We must make high-quality childcare and Pre-K available to every American, regardless of income. 
When it comes to the rights of women, we cannot go backwards. We have got to go forward.  
A humane immigration system must recognize that family is integral to a workers pursuit of happiness and economic productivity. 
We need to ban prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain in order to keep prison beds full. 
Healthcare must be recognized as a right, not a privilege. 
We must create a national healthcare system that provides quality healthcare for all in the most cost-effective way possible. 
Proud to have the millions of MoveOn members join our people-powered campaign. Welcome to the political revolution. 
ICYMI  Joe Biden on our campaign: 
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated. 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies.  
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act.  
There's a disparity in education for children in poor communities and communities of color in particular. Weve gotta change that.  
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class.  
Tune in now for the ThisIsFusion Black amp; Brown  LIVE: 
If we are serious about providing high-quality affordable healthcare the real solution is a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. 
If I am elected President, the billionaire class will know that the days in which they have it all is over. 
"The Sanders' campaign is about making our government meaningful again. - jesuschuygar 
When somebody is forced to flee their country because they are unsafe back home, we have the moral responsibility to protect them. 
If voter turn out is low, if people give up on political process frankly it will be hard to bring about the changes I want to see. 
If people are deeply involved and the political conscience goes up then we can bring the profound changes to this country. 
If you ever want to work for a campaign that shares your values on health care, there's always room at Bernie 2016. 
We must guarantee health care as a right to every man, woman and child by enacting a Medicare for all single-payer health care plan. 
We must tell the billionaire class: You can't continue to get tax breaks while children in this country go hungry! 
Since the implementation of NAFTA, the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people. 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Can I count on you? 
A campaign is not about political gossip. It's about you, the lives of your children and your parents.  
Wal-mart benefits and wages are so low, that many of their workers are on Medicaid, food stamps and in subsidized housing.  
It is grotesque, immoral, and unsustainable the kind of income inequality that exists today. 
Since the implementation of NAFTA, almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced. 
The reality is fraud is the business model of Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule. It is the rule. 
I've talked to too many young people who are very scared about seeing their parents deported. We must keep families together. 
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship. 
"Vulture funds on Wall Street must understand that they cannot profit from this crisis in Puerto Rico. 
I say to the Walton family: Get off of welfare. Start paying your employees a living wage! 
Big banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders. 
I'll be on ThisWeekABC in a few minutes to discuss the important issues facing our nation. Tune in!  
Today, we need to cap interest rates on credit cards and consumer loans at 15 percent. 
We must also cap ATM fees at $2.00. People should not have to pay a 10 percent fee for withdrawing $40 of their own money out of an ATM. 
It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are paying credit card interest rates of 20 or 30 percent. 
30 days! Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff.  
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it.  
Payday lenders are involved in usury in this country. We need to cap interest rates on consumer loans at 15 percent.  
Speaking at the Iowa iowacci now. Watch live here: 
If you don't want some right-wing extremist in the White House, you're looking at the candidate who can beat them. 
Next time you hear a politician talking about family values, you may want to ask whether they support measures which really help families. 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. Its time for a change. 
We must strengthen Social Security and rein in skyrocketing drug prices in this country. 
30 days! Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff.  
We are proud to be running a grassroots campaign powered almost entirely by small contributions from working people. 
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nations history.  
We are the only advanced economy that doesnt guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time. 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner. 
Today shes attacking Bernie on guns. Eight years ago she attacked Barack Obama on guns. - Jeff Weaver 
With your help, we are poised to pull off one of the great political upsets in the history of our country. 
The time is now to pass the single-payer Medicare for All program.  
We will win in 2016. Not just the White House and the Congress, but Statehouses all across the country.  
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president. It is about creating a grassroots political movement. Its about you. 
What were doing on on this campaign is treating the American people like they're intelligent human beings. 
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products, not American jobs, are our No. 1 export. 
Maybe Hillary Clinton should apologize for this? 
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents. 
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs in the process. 
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth, including China, an authoritarian country four times our size.  
Excited to be in Waverly, Iowa today. Tune in live now:  
Heres my pledge: no fossil fuel lobbyist or executive will find work in a Sanders administration. 
What's fair is fair. All three of the Democratic candidates for president should be on the debate stage. Period. 
If President Johnson had taken the same position as HillaryClinton that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare. 
If President Franklin Roosevelt had taken the same position that a small payroll tax is unacceptable we would not have Social Security. 
Just like Social Security, paid family and medical leave is a program that workers would pay into. Just $1.61 a week for the average worker. 
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth. Thats unacceptable. 
Family values: lets talk about what those words mean. 
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
The environment is not for corporations to exploit today, but a treasure to preserve for future generations to enjoy. 
I am confident I would win. 
They will not support a candidate who wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires like himself. 
They will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese. 
They will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high. 
The American people will not support a candidate trying to divide us up by where we came from. 
Finally realDonaldTrump and I agree on something. He and I both want to run against the other. Guess who wins? 
What Ive been saying loudly and clearly is: Weve gotta invest in more jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. 
Sanders Campaign Questions Clinton Opposition to Paid Family and Medical Leave Legislation: 
We had a kid friendly parents phone bank tonight in Manchester. cc MomsRising  
Billionaires already own much of our economy. Now, they want to own the United States government as well. 
We've shown what's possible in terms of competing financially against the billionaires. Time to show we can organize our communities too. 
In my view, it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM. 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and resurrecting Glass-Steagall. 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. Thats unsustainable and unforgivable. 
Proud of the dedication and organizing that my staff and volunteers are doing in Nevada. 
It is not acceptable that so many young people have criminal records for smoking marijuana, while the CEOs of banks do not. 
Behind the scenes footage of my interview with killermike. Watch the full interview here: 
At the core of these policies should be compassion for unaccompanied minors and victims of domestic violence and criminal gang activity. 
Our policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution. 
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families. 
It makes no sense to give tax breaks to billionaires when we have so many children living in poverty. 
We need to take a hard look at the use of force. Lethal force should be the last resort, not the first resort. 
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. Join us.  
No president alone can effectively address the issues facing this country without a political revolution. 
Here is a radical idea: Were going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the billionaires!  
Its not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.  
Speaking next at the nvdems battle born / battleground dinner. watch live:  
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground, and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately. 
Mom is working, dad is working, teenagers are working longer hours for lower wages. Yet new wealth goes to top 1 percent.  
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face. 
I'm glad the Labor Board saw the injustice of Ingredion's actions. Solidarity in the fight for workers dignity. 
We've got a seat waiting for you at our Keene phone bank.  
It is absurd that college graduates today are carrying debts of $50,000, $100,000 or more. We must deal with the issue of student debt. 
Our supporters are organizing thousands more events in communities all across the country as well. Find yours here: 
Republicans hate the government--unless youre a woman. Then they love the government dictating what you can do with your own body. 
Trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory. I believe in creating jobs and raising the wages of working people. 
No one should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars. We must end the private-for-profit prison racket in America! 
Summary: be true to yourself and bank local. 
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be very clear, it is not a war that we are going to allow them to win. 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This is not democracy. 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. It doesnt have to be this way. 
Congrats to Kappa Alpha Psi Inc. on 105 years of achievement. Very proud of my team and members CSmithStrategy and DannyDGlover.  
When youre sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
ICYMI: Heres my full speech of my plan to rein in Wall Street so they cant crash our economy again.  
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard. 
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated. 
Join me for a special "DFA Live" conference call this Thursday. RSVP here: 
Will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if Im president? You better believe it.  
But we have something they dont have: millions of working families standing together demanding fundamental changes in our financial system. 
Yes, Wall Street makes huge campaign contributions and they provide very generous speaking fees to those who go before them.  
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement. 
In my view, it is unacceptable that the Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating.  
Today, we don't need the pitchforks or rivers of boiling blood, but we do need a National Usury law.  
My administration will turn for-profit credit rating agencies into non-profit institutions, independent from Wall Street.  
We will use the revenue from this tax to make public colleges and universities tuition free.  
If we are serious about reforming our financial system, we have got to establish a tax on Wall Street speculators. 
Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks will not be represented in my administration.  
Under my administration, Equal Justice Under Law will be the standard that applies to Wall Street and all Americans.  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.  
In my view, establishment politicians are the ones who need to cut it out. Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks. 
Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry. I disagree.  
In my view, SenWarren is right. Dodd-Frank should have broken up Citigroup and other too- big-to-fail banks into pieces.  
Within one year, my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy.  
Here is a New Years Resolution that we will keep: If Wall Street does not end its greed we will end it for them.  
Bernie has a message for Wall Street. Watch it live from New York now:  
In 2008, the greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street nearly destroyed the U.S. and global economy.  
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy.  
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all deposits in the United States.  
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. Not more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance.  
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.  
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake.  
I support President Obama's executive actions to make our communities safer. 
Ive got a message for Wall Street. Watch it live from New York at 2PM EST:  
We should not be a country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail.  
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say to the big banks: break 'em up. And he would be right.  
American democracy is one person, one vote  with every citizen having an equal say  and no voter suppression. 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies. 
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions.  
As a result of Citizens United, some raise money by sitting down with millionaires and billionaires. Not me.  
I met a man who's been paying off his student loans for 25 years and he's worried about his social security being garnished when he retires. 
Q. Have you seen TheBigShort? A. Damn right I have. 
At this moment in history we need proven leadership thats prepared to stand up to the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country. 
A people-powered campaign: $73 million since April 30 2,513,665 contributions More than 1 million donors Average contribution lt;$30 
We have a moral responsibility to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet.  
What we have seen over the last thirty years is more people working longer hours for lower wages.   
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter, with an average contribution of $27. 
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong. 
Elections should be determined by the power of good ideas, not who can hustle the most money from the rich and powerful. 
More than 2.5 million contributions are powering this campaign. That's what a grassroots movement looks like. 
This campaign cannot be won by me alone. That is absolutely for sure. To win, all of us must be deeply involved. 
You have moms being separated from their babies in the most important period of the baby's life. That's a disgrace. 
Virginia, join the political revolution and come to one of our organizing meetings next week: 
As a nation we need to give single moms the support they need. 
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. 
This campaign is about capturing the reality of what's happening in America. 
At the end of the day, the most important tool isn't a test. It's teachers who care about the children. 
Not only did we work hard to stop the No Child Left Behind Act, you're looking at a guy who voted against it.  
I didn't have to wait to oppose the TPP which follows in the footsteps of other failed free trade agreements.  
If I am elected president of the United States, the pharmaceutical industry will know who the president is and their greed is going to end. 
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people.  
While Bernie is in Londonderry, volunteers in West Lebanon are getting ready to knock on doors.  
Q. Why is my husband's medication $1000 here versus $56 in Canada? A: Last year big pharma employed 1400+ lobbyists. 
One reason our campaign is doing well is that we are talking to the American people with intelligence.  
We have more prisoners, more homeless people, and more economic inequality. It doesnt have to be this way. We can make better choices. 
Volunteers in Hanover stayed for a second shift of talking to voters on their door steps.  
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve. 
 is ready to shock some people on election day and win the  primary. 
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt, which allows billionaires to buy elections. 
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt and which allows billionaires to buy elections. 
Let me be clear: We don't have a super PAC. We don't want a super PAC. And we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a peoples campaign. 
Worcester, welcome to the political revolution.  
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter, with an average contribution of $27. 
I've talked to too many young Latinos scared that tomorrow their mom or dad may be deported. We must unite, not divide families.  
There are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented, who are frightened, and who are living in the shadows.  
I voted against NAFTA, CAFTA, PNTR with China. They have been a disaster for the American worker.  
Republican family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body. I disagree.  
There is a profound anger and disgust at the status quo. People want REAL CHANGE.  
I do not represent the billionaire class. I don't represent corporate America. They can keep their money. This is our movement.  
Now, there's a lot of us  but we need to come together, get organized, and win. 
Excited to be in Amherst today! Watch live here:  
This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics.  
A people-powered campaign: $73 million since April 30 2,513,665 contributions More than 1 million donors Average contribution lt;$30 
More than 2.5 million contributions are powering this campaign. That's what a grassroots movement looks like. 
The cost of war is real. It is terrible. And it should be the last resort. 
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's scientific community is saying. 
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s. 
Let's better understand social and economic justice, tolerance, respect for all people and the environment. 
Let's make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America. 
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society. 
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity, the middle class continues to disappear. 
As 2015 comes to an end, my family, staff and I want to take an opportunity to wish our friends a  
Together, we have an opportunity to make 2016 a year to remember. 
With prescription drugs soaring, tell me how one gets by on $13,000 a year? The answer is: they dont. 
Many young people are leaving school deeply in debt for what? For the crime of trying to get an education and make it to the middle class. 
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity. 
Guy robs a bank in order to get health care in the federal prison system. We can do better than that. 
Can I count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before tonight's midnight FEC fundraising deadline? 
Must read: "If you are black, youre far more likely to land in jail because of a parking ticket. 
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place. 
I'm deeply concerned that intelligence agencies are collecting huge amounts of information about phone calls, emails, and websites we visit. 
Can I count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before tonight's midnight FEC fundraising deadline? 
More and more seniors living in poverty. We must ensure every American can retire with dignity and respect: 
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent. 
It's standing room only for our town hall in Knoxville, IA this morning!  
I'm proud of this decision. Transgender veterans should never be turned away from the VA. 
Calling voters is one of the highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Can I count you in? 
Republicans think the cost-of-living adjustments that seniors have been receiving are too generous. Last adjustment? Zero. Too generous. 
We have seen far too many people, often African Americans, who are unarmed, shot and killed by police officers. 
We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system. 
We must not only make public colleges and universities tuition free, we must also substantially lower interest rates on college debt. 
The United States government should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of Americans. That is not what freedom is about. 
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality billionaires like Trump should pay their fair share of taxes. 
Today I stand with the families protesting DHS' plans for mass deportations of Central American refugees.  
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
A 50-year old wealthy man can expect to live to 89. If poor, he can only expect to live to 76. Inequality kills. 
A wealthy woman who is 50 years old, can expect to live to the age of 92. A low-income woman can only expect to live until the age of 78. 
Im  because he has fought for disenfranchised communities his whole life." -Prescott  
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks the U.S. 16th in the world in terms of broadband access. 
Its important for rural America to stay connected to the internet and to do business with the rest of the world. 
We should be making it easier, not harder for people to go solar. 
If you're working longer hours for lower wages, guess what? You ain't the only person in America in that position. 
We need a mass political movement in this country.  
Its unacceptable that the top 10 of farms collect 75 of farm subsidies, while the bottom 62 dont receive any. 
Smart policy is for the United States to lead the effort in establishing a strong international coalition. 
The goal of U.S. foreign policy must be to destroy ISIS, but do it in a way that doesn't get American troops involved in perpetual warfare. 
What happened in Ramadi is a model for the most effective way that the U.S. and our allies can destroy ISIS and its barbaric ideology. 
First snowy day in Derry, NH and out talking about ending inequality.  Volunteer: 
While we have massive cost overruns with defense contractors, we've got military families on food stamps. Maybe we want to change that. 
If you want to know how the billionaire class has rigged the economy, read this: 
"I want to urge all Iowans: as some political leaders call to divide us, you intensify your effort to unite." keithellison  
I'm a different type of politician Watch part 2 of my interview with KillerMike here: 
To those who want to divide us up: No, were not going to hate Latinos. Were not going to hate Muslims. We are going to stand TOGETHER. 
One in five Americans today cannot afford to fill the prescriptions their doctors write for them. Thats totally crazy. 
We need to end voter suppression, and make it easier for people to vote, not harder. 
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights. I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society. 
Tonight, 3,200 said loudly and clearly to Adelson and his billionaire friends: You can't have it all!  
Nevada DNC Member Erin Bilbray Endorses Sanders for President  
I do not represent the interests of the billionaire class or corporate America. I represent you.  
With your support were going to win here in Nevada.  
The 15 richest Americans acquired more wealth in two years than the bottom 100 million people combined. 
Bernie understands how pharmaceutical companies and major medical companies are ripping us off. - Mari Cordes 
We must fully restore cuts to military pensions that were insisted upon by Republicans in the last budget deal. 
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace. 
We have an obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. 
I will do everything I can to expand benefits for people who desperately need them. 
This campaign is about demanding we create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires. 
Look forward to talking to Iowans about issues that matter to them. See you in Davenport on Tues:  
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding.  
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division, 
Tune in for a discussion on the issues facing our nation, Nevada. Up next on FOX5Vegas.  
It is a national disgrace that the United States is the only major country that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right. 
If I were elected president, the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse. 
The truth is, the insurance companies and the drug companies are bribing the United States Congress. 
We should be talking about the embarassment we face as the only developed nation that does not provide paid family leave.  
When Republicans talk about family values, they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood.  
Add Bernie on snapchat to get updates from the Reno, Nevada town hall. Username: Bernie.Sanders  
Excited to be meeting with the people of Reno, Nevada today.  
Next year, four of the 12 presidents at the regional Federal Reserve Banks will be former executives from one firm: Goldman Sachs. 
"Government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob. - Franklin D. Roosevelt 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Can I count you in? 
Getting nervous that working families are catching on to whose interests he truly represents 
The greed of corporate America is destroying our economy. You have to take them on. 
Didnt get a chance to catch me on TV this morning? Get the recap here: 
I'm running for president because a handful of billionaires and wealthy families are trying to buy elections just to make themselves richer. 
It is my very strong inclination that if Sandra Bland was a white middle-class woman that would not have happened. 
What the polls are showing is the American people are responding to our message and we are on a path to victory. 
This morning Ill be on NBCs MeetThePress and CBS FaceTheNation. Tune in! 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform. 
Today, 29 million of our sisters and brothers are without health care. We can and must do better. 
I'm running for president because it is harder than ever for students to pay for college and for working parents to afford daycare. 
I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq. 
I need you to help me get out the vote. Can I count you in? 
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing. 
Join me this Monday for a town hall in Las Vegas: 
We would not tolerate the head of Exxon Mobil running the Environmental Protection Agency. Why do we tolerate this? 
A single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks. 
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income. 
In my view, some of the real heroines in our country today are single moms. 
Our nation has always been a beacon of hope, a refuge for the oppressed. 
We cannot turn our backs on that essential element of who we are as a nation. 
Merry Christmas! 
I'm running for president because the middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1 percent. 
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies try to make "national health care" sound scary. It is not. 
Too many lives have been destroyed because of police records. 
It is not their kids who are going into war. It is your kids. Youll forgive me, this is an emotional issue for me. 
We must take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here, not cast them out. 
We who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do? 
Very disturbed by reports that the government may commence raids to deport families who've fled here to escape violence in Central America. 
Statement on DHS Plans for Massive Raids: 
When they divide us up, they win. When we stand together as one people, we win. 
We should not be firing teachers, we should be hiring teachers. School teachers and educators are real American heroes. 
Don't know how to break this to you, but Trump has discovered that women go to the bathroom. And it's upsetting him. 
If Congress does not act, we will use the executive authority of the president to stop the dividing up of families. 
You want to keep the minimum wage low, and give tax breaks to millionaires. realDonaldTrump, that is not what makes America great. 
Any official who helped suppress the videotape of Laquan McDonalds murder should be held accountable. 
Thank you, Rep. Ford and Comm. Garcia for inviting me to Chicago today. Two agents for real change. 
Reforming our criminal justice system is one of the most important things that a President can do. 
Corporate America and Wall Street: you can hate me all you want, but were going to end your greed. 
We need to end mandatory minimum sentencing and give judges the discretion to better tailor sentences to the specific facts of a given case. 
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty. 
Spending some time tonight with CornelWest, NinaTurner, JesusChuyGar and KillerMike in Chicago. 
If you dont have a lot of money and you have a high health insurance deductible, youre not gonna go to the doctor. 
Im getting a very good feeling about Iowa. Must read: 
We have to ask ourselves, Is it morally acceptable, is it economically sustainable, that so few have so much while so many have so little? 
This election is not just about electing a President. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America. 
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people. 
To rein in Wall Street, we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve. 
There comes a time when you have to take on the establishment and not be part of that establishment.  
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren. 
The debate is over. Climate change is real and caused by human activity. It's already causing devastating problems around the world. 
Its all hands on deck for a pre-holiday phone bank.  Help reach NH voters: 
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run. 
You have a right to health care regardless of whether you are rich or poor.  
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net. We can't let them. 
I am going to take on Wall Street. They do not like me today. They will like me even less if I am elected president. 
Congress bailed out Wall St. because it was too big to fail. In my view, if a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. Break 'em up. 
We're gonna have some fun, we're gonna make a political revolution, we're gonna transform America. Other than that, not much.  
The second 100 days of the political revolution... 
I believe that we need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have to be bold. 
You are looking at one candidate for president who does not have a super PAC and Im damn proud of that. 
Statement on grand jury decision in Sandra Bland case: 
Despite growing poverty among seniors, Republicans want more austerity for the elderly and more tax breaks for the rich. 
If we're going to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class and the greed of corporate America, I accept Wall Street not liking me. 
We have a broken immigration system that divides families and keeps millions of hard-working people in the shadows. 
"I guess Christmas Eve was booked. - Michael Briggs, Comms. Director 
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment. 
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud, they are intended to discourage voting. And theyve worked. 
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy, we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision. 
If you missed our Iowa office reddit_AMA this Saturday, you can go back and read it here: 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face. 
Lets be clear: in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth. 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it. 
This campaign is about the needs of the American people, and the proposals that effectively address those needs. 
I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers amp; fathers too. 
We now have the highest incarceration rate in the entire world with over 2 million in prison and millions more on probation or parole. 
Post-debate breakfast from this morning at IHOP in Bedford, New Hampshire.  
"Get in on the love train. Thats what Bernie Sanders campaign is. - CornelWest 
"Bernie Sanders Scores Big Win; Breaks Major Fundraising Record" 
Corporate greed is rampant, and the very rich keep growing richer while everyone else grows poorer. 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate. 
The United States once led the world in terms of the percentage of our young people who had college degrees. Today were now in 12th place. 
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President. I got into politics because I give a damn.  
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.  
Addiction is ravaging families and communities in NH. This is a crisis, and we need to treat it as a health issuenot throw people in jail. 
I know you have heard these names before but they bear repeating so we do not lose sight of the real human price being paid.  
Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Jessica Hernandez, Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Tamir Rice, Samuel Dubose, Rekia Boyd and too many more. 
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act.  
We need to rethink the "War on Drugs" and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue, not a criminal issue.  
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ: Social Security Minimum Wage Medicare and Medicaid 40-hour work week  
When a husband cant get time off to care for his cancer-stricken wife, that is not a family value.  
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people.  
Bernies college plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education.  
CEO's of large multinationals may like HillaryClinton, but they ain't gonna like me.  
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there.  
I dont think its a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
Bernie helped lead the effort against billclinton who thought it would be a great idea to deregulate Wall Street.  
"The greed of the billionaire class, the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy. 
We do not have a super PAC. We do not want the money of corporate America. This is a peoples campaign.  
You cant take on Wall Street banks and billionaires by taking their money.  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. Invest in infrastructure, not more war.  
Equal pay for equal work. Its not a radical idea.  
"I worry that HillaryClinton is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be." 
Bernie supports a defense budget that secures our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors.  
"I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq. I listened carefully, and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war." 
Qatar will spend $200 billion on the 2022 World Cup  $200 billion a soccer event, yet very little to fight against ISIS.  
"I voted against the war in Iraq. That was the right vote. We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism, but we cant do it alone." 
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan.  
Trump thinks lower wages are a good idea. I believe we must stand together. We can not be divided by race or religion.  
Bernie Sanders' gun record (1994) 
It's time to strengthen gun safety laws: Universal background checks Assault weapon ban Stricter gun trafficking laws  
Theres only one candidate on stage who voted against (and led the opposition to) the Iraq War.  
Americas 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined. 
Lets talk about data that matters to working families: 47 million are living in poverty 51 of African-American youth are unemployed 
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics.  
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. Join us.  
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent. It's a system held in place by corrupt politics.  
Make sure to add Bernie.sanders on Snapchat for updates throughout the  
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system. 
This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders. It's about the needs of the American people amp; the ideas to address those needs. 
We can deliver change, but we cant do it by tinkering with the system at the margins. We need a political revolution. 
Senator NinaTurner is kicking off a day of canvassing in Manchester, New Hampshire.  
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Join the conversation:  
You are the power behind this campaign and we are doing something unprecedented. Sign our petition to the DNC: 
The leadership of the DNC is now actively attempting to undermine our campaign. - Jeff Weaver, Campaign Manager 
Sign our petition telling the DNC that you expect a level playing field in this primary campaign. This is important. 
Some people say my economic ideas are radical. You should hear what the Pope is saying. 
The U.S. Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies. Lets protect the Postal Service, not dismantle it. 
Meanwhile, as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well. 
Clearly, if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet, we need to change the political dynamics of the nation. 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much, while so many have so little. 
I'm on the phone now with GeorgeLopez. Click here to listen in --gt;  
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college.  
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place. Join us: 
Join GeorgeLopez and I tonight for a tele-town hall at 7 pm CT/8 PM ET. RSVP to listen in --gt;  
This country faces more serious problems today than at any time in modern history, and establishment politics will not resolve them. 
This campaign is making a little bit of history. I hope very much that you will become part of our team. 
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement. 
Im proud to have Democracy for America and its one-million members join our people powered campaign. 
For decades, CWAUnion has been fighting for the rights of working families and Im so proud today to be with you in that fight. 
Brothers and sisters, let me thank the 700,000 members of the Communications Workers of America for their support. 
I stand with United flight attendants as 24,000 demonstrate at every airport for a fair contract. 
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, more than 58 of all new income has gone to the top 1. America needs a political revolution. 
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system. 
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime. 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral, it is economically unsustainable. 
Sheldon Adelson is spending unbelievable sums of money, not just on elections, but for control of our media too. 
We are counting on each and every one of you to pass this historic deadline of 2 million contributions tonight. 
My Iowa staff is doing a reddit_AMA on Saturday! Stay tuned for details. 
The Fed should act with the same sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class as it did to bail out Wall Street banks. 
Thank you to all of the volunteers who filed today to get me on the ballot in Ohio.  
I am calling on all of us in public life, including my fellow candidates for president, and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred. 
If we stand for anything, we have got to stand together to end all forms of racism. 
When millions are working longer hours for lower wages, the Fed's decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families. 
I voted against the war in Iraq, and that was the right vote. We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism, but we cant do it alone. 
Tune in right now on MSNBC's mitchellreports for a discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone. 
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities. 
It is long overdue to pass expanded background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill. 
Let us not forget: This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires. 
Fifth  is over. Like the first, not one word about income inequality, climate change, or racial justice. The Rs are out of touch. 
Still waiting, waiting, waiting.  
Hit mute on the  and check out our plan to fix a broken immigration system: 
Lets stop the racism. Lets stop the xenophobia. Let's stop Trump: 
Whats reckless is turning our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan.  
Text BERNIE to 82623 to get our text updates!  
A lot of talk about war. No talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury.  
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining our civil liberties and religious freedoms.  
Repeat after me: We must combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world.  
Pharma Bro's Latest Move Targets Latinos. Must Read: 
Greed is destroying our economy. What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us. 
Not only will I oppose cuts Social Security benefits, I will fight to expand Social Security benefits.  
Millions of seniors including many in New Hampshire are struggling just to keep their heads above water.  
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
It is unconscionable that a majority of all new income goes to the top 1. 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps on the street. 
It is absurd that one family (the Waltons of Walmart) has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. 
Join me for a  tele-town hall with georgelopez this Thursday. RSVP here: 
When people get out of jail, it is not easy for them to find a job. It is not easy to return to civil society. Lives are being destroyed. 
My plan: Make Wall St pay their share Living wages for working people Equal pay for women 
CUNY should continue to represent the possibility that a college education could be accessible to all. 
"This poll shows there is a very clear path to victory in Iowa." - Jeff Weaver, Campaign Manager 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent. It's a system held in place by corrupt politics. 
We must demilitarize our police forces so they dont look and act like invading armies. 
deray We updated our platform last week after touring Baltimore. Read the new version here: 
Today, no piece of legislation gets onto the floor of the US Senate unless it was bought and paid for. 
We need a societal transformation to make it clear that black lives matter and racism will not be accepted in a civilized country. 
Im not just here to ask for your vote. I'm also asking for your help the day after the election.  
In my view, we need to invest in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. 
What's radical about saying we want all our kids regardless of income to get free college?  
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty. 
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up.  
It's grossly unfair that young people who worked hard can't afford to go to college.  
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work. 
CitizenActionNY builds grassroots power by organizing communities for an America that works for all. Honored to receive their endorsement. 
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is totally inadequate. We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net. We can't let them. 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This is not democracy. 
Today, over 88 of African-American workers dont have paid family and medical leave. My plan guarantees 12 weeks of paid leave for all. 
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend their country. We have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare. 
Providing a path for kids to go to the University of Iowa is a hell of a lot cheaper than providing them a path to go to jail.  
A future we can believe in 
When we began very few people knew who I was or what I stood for. We have come a long way in seven months.  
Iowa, today we did something not too radical: we practiced something called "democracy."  
Iowa, together we will win the White House by creating an unprecedented grassroots movement.  
We must make sure that every veteran in the U.S. gets the quality health care and benefits they deserve.  
Billionaires already own much of our economy. Now, they want to own the United States government as well.  
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose. 
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class: you cant have it all! 
We live in a rigged economy. Heads they win, tails you lose. Its time for real change in America. 
Thank you to the volunteers who braved the rain to knock on doors and talk to voters in Austin.  
Women came together across NH to talk to voters about pay equity and many important issues.  
We are far from eradicating racism in this country. 
I was in Anamosa, Iowa today. Check out how an event gets set up! 
The middle class is shrinking while at the same time the people on top are doing phenomenally well. Time for real change. 
Americas Middle Class Is No Longer the Majority. Must read: 
Equal pay for equal work. Its not a radical idea. 
If youre interested in more than just electing a president, we need your help. 
Tell the corporate media to start covering our campaign: 
We must work to unite families, not tear them apart. 
Steve King's attack on KeithEllison is the kind of bigotry we must reject. Keiths life of service represents the best of American values. 
In the year 2015, we should look at a college degree the same way we looked at a high school degree 50 or 60 years ago. 
The reason why the American people are angry is that the government is not addressing the real problems that are impacting them every day. 
ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. You read that right. Seconds. 
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President. I got into politics because I give a damn. 
The photos from The Citadel are repugnant. Period. No excuses. The Confederate flag on campus must come down. 
Equal pay for equal work. Its not a radical idea. 
I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country. 
Its time for a single-payer health care system in America.  
Turn off the TV and get involved in the political process. Please go to and become part of the political revolution. 
I dont think its a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government. 
Watch our new TV AD: "Effective" 
Watch our new TV AD: "Rock" 
I want kids whose parents don't like my parents didnt  have a lot of money to in fact be able to get a college education tuition free. 
We can take one simple, basic step right now: keep fossil fuels in the ground. Sign here: 
Check out the latest cover of OriginMagazine. Look inside for a great interview. 
We need, very clearly, major, major reform in a broken criminal justice system. From top to bottom. 
When we talk about war, we must talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury. 
I believe that we have got to move the minimum wage to a living wage of 15 bucks an hour. And I apologize to nobody for that. 
Watch NinaTurner explain why she supports our campaign. 
We bailed out Wall Street. It's their time to bail out the middle class and help our kids be able to go to college tuition-free. 
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids. 
In the last 30 years, there has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction. 
The fact of the matter is that Social Security hasnt contributed a single nickel to the deficit. Not a nickel. 
Here's my promise: Wall Street representatives will not be in my cabinet. 
Organizers from around Iowa are prepared for the final sprint to  day. Join them: 
Billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than nurses or truck drivers. That makes no sense at all. We need real tax reform. 
Organizing community college students at River Valley Community College in Claremont, New Hampshire.  
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors, 800,000 of them, 30 bucks a piece. That's who I'm indebted to. Not Wall Street. 
I am not asking Wall Street or the billionaires for money. I will break up these big banks. 
Its fun for the media to treat Trump like a character in a soap opera, but the truth is his language is dangerous. 
We are running a campaign differently than any other candidate. This is a peoples campaign. Together, we will win. 
Lets say it loud and clear: Our government belongs to all of us, and not just a hand full of billionaires.  
This campaign is about a political revolution  millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough. 
Ill be on FallonTonight coming up in a few minutes. Tune in on NBC! 
We have got to stand together with those who are being attacked and are scared today. 
We say NO to cuts in Social Security, a program which is so important to all of our seniors, but especially to women. 
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's rights, we are going to expand them. We are going forward, not backwards. 
Tonight at 9 PM ET: Tune in to The Rachel Maddow Show for a discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
If you cant afford to take care of our veterans, then dont go to war. 
Congratulations to Culinary226 TrumpLasVegas workers who voted to join a union and fight for fair wages and benefits. Big victory! 
Ill be on FallonTonight! Tune in at 11:35 EST. 
Instead of cutting Medicare, or privatizing Medicare, we must join every major nation on earth in recognizing that health care is a right. 
Social Security has a $2.8 trillion surplus. It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years.  
In New Hampshire, more than 12K seniors are living in poverty. Thats why Im fighting not just to preserve, but to expand Social Security. 
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.  with AARPNH 
Sadly, in America today, it is very expensive to be poor. 
Report shows that the 100 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the entire African-American population combined: 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control. 
Medicare needs to negotiate drug prices with the pharma industry. The Veterans Administration does it, Medicare doesnt - thats crazy. 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest. 
Join Higher Ed for Bernie in supporting College for All! Click here to sign up: 
Now, realDonaldTrump and others want us to hate all Muslims. 
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race, gender, sexual orientation or country of origin. 
The U.S. is a strong nation when we stand together. We are weak when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us. cc: realDonaldTrump 
This merger will likely lead to even higher drug prices. Pfizer already has a poor record on that score. 
Tune in LIVE now for a Families First Conversation. Ask your questions with  
Their story, my story, our story is a story of America. Watch a Families First conversation with Bernie LIVE now: 
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it. 
In an hour, Ill be hosting a live stream conversation discussing my Families First immigration plan. Tune in: 
I'll shut the revolving door and ban fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House.  
 about climate change before anyone else did. Now, theyre lying about it for profit. Enoughwe must put  
Climate change is an economic issue, health concern, and security threat all at once.  
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into ignoring science. Enough is enough!  
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people.  
Republicans are more concerned with protecting the profits of Exxon and the coal industry than protecting the planet.  
Its time for a political revolution that finally puts people before polluters.  
We must learn the lesson of Iraq. American troops should not be engaged in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. 
Happy Hanukkah! 
I've got a message for corporate America: if you want us to buy your products, start producing them here in the USA. 
 is a real alternative to big banks and predatory lenders. Join me to make it a reality. Sign now: 
In NH, Bob, a veteran, talks with another veteran about joining our movement.  
We are one world and one people. And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering. 
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should. 
Why do we have people working 40 hours and cant afford to feed their kids? The answer is pretty simple: wages in America are too damn low. 
realbencarson you have offended thousands of our service members who risk their lives to defend our country. 
Ill be on FaceTheNation shortly to discuss the major issues facing America. Tune in now on CBS. 
Today in America, as the middle class continues to disappear, median family income is $4,100 less than it was in 1999. 
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose. 
What a fun way to get involved! Ben and Jerry tell us you can join the light brigade here: 
It's time for instant background checks, ending the gun show loophole, and banning assault weapons. People don't hunt with assault weapons. 
LIVE on  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth, New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
We will defend Planned Parenthood.  
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on the backs of working-class Americans on student debt. 
The great challenge we face is creating an economy that works for all us and not just the billionaire class.  
Americas 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined. 
LIVE on  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth, New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people. 
We're excited to have launched our new Snapchat! Follow us on the campaign trail: bernie.sanders 
We do not need a tough" foreign policy, we need a smart foreign policy.  
In these difficult times, against vitriolic Republican rhetoric, we must protect a woman's right to choose.   
Maybe, just maybe, we should be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration!  
Packed house at Keene State University. Tune in LIVE here:  
LIVE on  Tune in to our town hall in Keene, New Hampshire LIVE NOW: 
Defunding Planned Parenthood is part of a smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies.  
I  and the work they are doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences.  
Members of congress, mostly men I should add, are trying to roll back the clock on womens reproductive rights. 
We currently have a loophole which enables guns to be sold to people at gun shows without a background check. That has gotta be eliminated. 
There is something profoundly wrong when one out of seven people throughout the world are struggling to survive on less than $1.25 a day. 
The goal is to not spend $80 billion a year locking up our people. The goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails. 
Any elected official with knowledge that the tape of Laquan McDonalds murder was being suppressed or improperly withheld should resign. 
We must substantially increase investments in international aid to Sub-Saharan Africa and other poor regions throughout the world. 
If you believe climate change is the most serious threat facing our planet, its easy to oppose the N.E.D. pipeline. 
The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage. Citizen co-sponsor the Pay Workers a Living Wage Act today. 
We need YOUR help to win in Iowa. Sign up to join us in person or to make phone calls: 
Today, compared to other developed countries, we rank near the bottom in the fight to end extreme poverty. I think we should be at the top. 
There is something profoundly wrong when 750 million people throughout the world lack access to clean drinking water. 
When youre sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
Is it profoundly wrong that the richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the population  3.5 billion people. 
No one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars. 
We should lift the cap on taxable income for Social Security for those making more than $250,000 a year. Must read: 
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice... It is man-made and it can be overcome ... - Nelson Mandela 
Congress must pass sensible legislation that prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them. 
Mass shootings are becoming an almost-everyday occurrence in this country. This sickening and senseless gun violence must stop. 
Until we win single payer, we need to show solidarity for allies like Jane fighting cancer: 
Make no mistake: The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women. We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose. 
WorkingFamilies for years has been fighting for an economy that works for all of us, not just the top 1 percent. 
One in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy. 
We must invest in our public institutions! We stand with PSC_CUNY in their fight for a fair contract. 
Families are struggling to put bread on the table, send their kids to college and take care of their basic needs. 
We must take on the drug companies that have been ripping off people like Abby. 
Its unacceptable that millions of seniors and disabled veterans will not be receiving a cost-of-living adjustment. 
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision. 
The Montgomery Bus Boycott led to the marches, sit-ins and protests which brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise of equality. 
If we're serious about climate change, we cant just talk the talk, we've got to walk the walk and take on powerful special interests. 
The amazing staff PPNHAF can't be intimidated and won't stop serving New Hampshire.  
I want to invest in jobs and education for our young people rather than jails and incarceration. 
Democracy means one person one vote. It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections. 
Rosa Parks, by the simple act of sitting down at the front of the bus, inspired a whole community to capture the imagination of the nation. 
It's absurd that massive corporations can legally intimidate journalists who dare question them.  
In the world's richest nation, we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need at a price they can afford.  
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet. 
Loudly and clearly, we must tell the Republicans: No, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans. 
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows. 
We need to rethink the so-called "War on Drugs" and take marijuana out of the federal Controlled Substance Act. 
From criminal justice reform in South Carolina to lunch at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta, we had a good week: 
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. Must read: 
We bailed out Wall Street because the banks were "too big to fail. Guess what? 3 out of the 4 banks are bigger today than they were then. 
I dont take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it backabsolutely. 
Bernie 2016 is a campaign for real change. New Hampshire, join the political revolution:   
Republicans win when the voter turnout is low. Democrats win when voter turnout is high.  
Countries in the region of enormous wealth and resources have contributed far too little in the fight against ISIS. That must change. 
I believe the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline that would carry fracked natural gas through 17 New Hampshire communities should be opposed. 
I am running for president because we must protect a womans right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood.  
We need to rethink the "War on Drugs" and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue, not a criminal issue. 
I am running for president because we need an economy that works for working families, not just for millionaires and billionaires.  
With your help, we are poised to pull off one of the great political upsets in the history of our country.  
There is profound disgust with a campaign finance system that allows the very wealthy to buy elections through their super PACs.  
From coast to coast people are crying out for real change. They don't want the same-old, same-old. They want a political revolution. 
Tune in to the New Hampshire  LIVE NOW:  
Now, there's a lot of us  but we need to come together, get organized, and win.  
Let's get big money out of politics.  
Today, virtually no piece of legislation can get passed unless it has the ok from corporate America. 
The Republican party is now an extreme right-wing party that is owned by their billionaire campaign contributors. 
Tonight I'll be speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party JJ Dinner. Our supporters got here early!  
As a result of the most absurd situation I have ever seen, we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. 
I don't represent large corporations and I don't want their money. 
We shouldn't be talking about repealing Obamacare. We should be expanding on the progress made to provide health care for all Americans. 
Remember: this is OUR movement. New Hampshire, join the revolution here:  
Tenemos la obligacin de promulgar polticas que unan a las familias, y no que las separen. Lee mi plan: 
Today, we have millions of people who have $5,000 deductibles. That means that people hesitate to go to the doctor when they should go. 
It's time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare. 
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it's doing. I hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences. 
Watch KillerMike's introduction in Atlanta last week... 
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor. 
Ours is the only health care plan that would provide care for all Americans regardless of income. We can't leave 29 million uninsured. 
We proudly  of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it. 
Our bill to rebuild our crumbling roads, bridges and infrastructure would support 13 million jobs and drastically reduce underemployment. 
Working families shouldn't be providing welfare to the Waltons, the wealthiest family in America worth over $136 billion.  
With a net worth of more than $136 billion, the six WalMart heirs own more wealth than the bottom 42 of Americans.  
Corporations are not people. 
Walmart shouldnt be allowed to pay workers wages so low that many qualify for Medicaid, food stamps, and government housing.  
People can have differences of opinion, but to go out of your way to make it harder for people to vote, that is the lowest of the low. 
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue. 
What you're seeing are drug companies raising prices for one reason: because they can. Trust me, that won't happen under my administration. 
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights. 
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart. 
As we gather with our loved ones to give thanks, let us reflect on the fact that not all families will be so lucky. 
We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom can't exist without economic security and independence. - FDR 
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel. And at the same time we must protect the workers in those industries. 
Check out the Bernie 2016 app on your Apple TV, available now! 
By taxing Wall Street speculators, we can save middle-class families sending kids to college an average of $9400 each year. 
The bottom line is ISIS must be destroyed with a regional coalition leading the effort on the ground. Must read: 
I have described the pharmaceutical industry as like Rocky Marciano. You know who Rocky Marciano is? Undefeated. They never lose. 
Why are we told that it's OK to bring in lettuce and tomatoes from unregulated farms but we cannot bring brand-name drugs across the border? 
Our volunteers are packing phone banks across New Hampshire. I am very proud of our movement.  
All Americans should be sickened by the video of Laquan McDonalds murder. 
We are the only wealthy country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right. Lets change that. 
Today, still, too many women and girls are suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse.  
We must end the discrimination against women in our immigration system. 
We cannot forget about the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows. 
Tenemos la obligacin de promulgar polticas que unan a las familias, y no que las separen. Lee mi plan: 
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart. Read my immigration plan here: 
Whether you're living in rural America or living in New York City, you need a decent income in order to provide adequately for your family. 
We need a massive federal jobs program that will create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. 
"I am here as a proponent of a political revolution." - KillerMike 
We had an election last November in which 63 percent of the people didn't vote. We must engage people back into the democratic system. 
You have millions of families today who do not know how they're gonna feed their kids tonight. That's a fact. 
The Koch brothers will be spending more money on this campaign than either Party  just one family. That is oligarchy. 
We have to pass universal legislation that makes everybody in this country who is 18 or older registered to vote automatically. 
We need to understand that substance abuse is a health issue, not a criminal issue.  
Our job is to create an economy that works for all of us and not just a handful of billionaires.  
Watch our rally in Atlanta with KillerMike and local leaders LIVE here: 
I am honored and pleased to have met with the Rev. Bernice King at the King Center today. 
Dr. King saw not only the need to end racism and segregation but to create an economy that works for all Americans. 
If you have economic security, your life is a lot better than people who are struggling every single day. It's very expensive to be poor. 
Anybody in this country, regardless of their income, should be able to go get a higher education. 
Must Read: Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution 
It's called a rigged economy. And this is how it works: 
We need millions of people to stand up and fight back, to demand that government represents all of us, not just the one percent.  
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prescription drugs prices in the world. 
I am not just asking for your vote. I am asking for your support the day after the election to get involved in the political revolution. 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
I am running for one simple reason: I just do not believe that establishment politics are going to address the issues facing our nation. 
Please join me for a rally in Atlanta TONIGHT with hip-hop star KillerMike and local leaders.  
We should recognize the young DREAMers for what they are, American kids who deserve the right to be in the country they know as home. 
Im not running for president to pursue reckless adventures abroad, but to rebuild Americas strength at home. 
We need a political movement prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation. 
I believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal. 
Full-time minimum-wage workers would see their income go up $6,240 under our plan for raising wages. 
I cosponsored the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act because it's important that parents get paid leave from work after having a child. 
By providing Medicare for everyone, we can save the typical family making $50,000 more than $5,000 each year. 
We should strengthen and expand Social Security. Read our plan here: 
We need police forces, including leadership and training departments, that reflect the diversity of our communities. 
The only way we can win is if enough people come together to join our movement. So, are you in? 
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers. 
The truth is, you cant change a corrupt system by taking its money. 
It's very expensive to be poor.  
We must address the lingering unjust stereotypes that lead us to label black youths as thugs and super-predators. 
I know you have heard these names before but they bear repeating so we do not lose sight of the real human price being paid. 
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.  
We must demilitarize our police forces so they dont look and act like invading armies.  
Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Walter Scott, Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Tamir Rice, Samuel Dubose, Rekia Boyd and too many more. 
We have to deal with the most urgent and obvious issue: the killing of African-Americans by police or deaths while in custody.  
Lets talk about the issue of criminal justice reform. Watch LIVE here: 
Together, we can dismantle this corrupt political system  one phone call, one flyer, one conversation at a time. 
We are creating a grassroots movement in SC that taps into the American peoples desire for real change.  
Disappointed that HillaryClinton doesnt think we should guarantee health care through a single-payer system saving families $5,000 a year. 
Im not running for president because its my turn, but because its the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity. 
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people, not to a handful of billionaires, their Super-PACs and their lobbyists. 
Our grassroots movement is organizing, communicating, and connecting in communities across the country. Join us: 
We see undocumented workers taken advantage of by a corporate and political system that plays on fear and forces them into the shadows. 
It's called a rigged economy. And this is how it works: 
Our movement is growing in Laconia, NH. Thank you to everyone who came to our office opening.  
We need a movement which, once and for all, will end institutional racism in our country and reform a broken criminal justice system. 
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone. 
The executive action taken by POTUS a year ago was the right thing to do. Its time to end the politics of division.  
Today we remember those taken from us and pledge to work to end the violence against the transgender community.  
In my view, health care is a right of the people, not a privilege. 
Join us Monday night in Atlanta. RSVP here: 
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution and our religious freedoms. 
What an outrageous and bigoted statement. realDonaldTrump should be ashamed of himself. 
We stand with those who want the truth to be revealed.  
Ill be in South Carolina this weekend. Add our campaign on snapchat for behind-the-scenes access. 
I dont believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty. 
One thing is for sure: the billionaire class has never dealt with a threat like ours. And I am sure that if we stand together, we will win. 
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad! 
No President can take on corporate interests alone. We need a grassroots political revolution of millions and millions of people. 
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad! 
We are building a grassroots movement of ordinary Americans who stand together and say, enough is enough. 
This campaign is not about me. It is about you. 
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution in this country, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. 
maryaliceparks That was 'Feel. The. Bern.' you were hearing!  
The bottom line is that ISIS must be destroyed, but it cannot be defeated by the United States alone.  
I believe in equal treatment for African-Americans who are right to proclaim the moral principle that  
Democratic Socialism means that we make it easier for people to vote, not harder.  
Im not running for president because its my turn, but because its the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity. 
Democratic Socialism means that we guarantee health care for all people, not leave 29 million Americans to fend for themselves.  
Democratic socialism means that we cannot allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our environment and our planet.  
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week, that person will not be living in poverty.  
Democratic socialism means that every person in this country has the right to go to a public college or university tuition free.  
Medicare for all would save middle class families and our entire nation significant sums of money.  
In my view, its time we had democratic socialism for working families; not just Wall Street, billionaires and big corporations.  
What does democratic socialism look like in America? Watch LIVE now:  
Do some arithmetic. Imagine you are a senior. How do you pay for the food, the medicine, and heat you need on $13,000 a year?  
This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor. - Martin Luther King, Jr  
The bottom line is that today in America we have a power structure that protects massive wealth and income inequality.  
Today in America, 58 percent of all new income generated is going to the top one percent. That is wrong.  
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ: Social Security Minimum Wage Medicare and Medicaid 40-hour work week  
We have an economic and political crisis in this country and the same old, same old establishment politics will not effectively address it. 
LIVE now: Bernie on democratic socialism in America:  
Young people are graduating college with mountains of debt, and putting off starting families and buying homes because they cant afford it. 
Today, we talk about what democratic socialism means. What does a nation of economic and social justice mean to you?  
Paid leave and universal pre-K are what  need. Thank you NHWomensFndn and MomsRising for addressing real family values. 
We always knew we would be outspent, but we can make sure we're not out-organized. Join our campaign: 
If we are going to end a corrupt political system, its going to take a movement who will rise up, stand together and say enough is enough! 
Real change does not happen from the top down. It happens from the bottom up.  
I will not rest until every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth than the bottom 90 percent. 
Now is the time to do what we do best and that is be Americans  fighting racism, fighting xenophobia, fighting fear. 
The American people are looking for an alternative to endless war that has destabilized the Middle East and given rise to new threats. 
Si quieres ms que slo elegir un presidente, si quieres una revolucin poltica, necesito tu ayuda. Visita 
As Americans, we will not be terrorized. We will not live in fear. 
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric. But we are a strong enough nation to say were not going to lose who we are as a people. 
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. Join our movement: 
The middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1. Its time for a political revolution. 
Democratic Socialism means means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest. 
We need a commissioner who will stand up to the pharmaceutical industry and protect American consumers. Dr. Califf, you are not that person. 
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine. 
Loudly and clearly we need to say enough is enough. This great nation belongs to all of us not just the people on top. 
There is a drug crisis in New Hampshire. Please, share your story with us.  
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage. 
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids. 
We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education, not in more jails and incarceration. 
I want Lakesia to know I will never waver from the  Twelve dollars an hour is not a livable wage. 
Tune in now to Yahoo News where I will be talking with katiecouric. Watch here: 
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail. 
"I think the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country." Who said it? 
The current immigration system discriminates against women, and has got to stop. Women are often the breadwinners of families. 
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies. 
We will not be terrorized or live in fear.  
During these difficult times, we will not succumb to Islamophobia. We will not turn our backs on refugees. 
There is no rational explanation to why women are making cents on the dollar compared to men. That is plain sexism. 
We dont want Wall Streets money. This is a peoples campaign and we will win this with the support of millions of people.  
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan. 
We need a movement which says that we will provide pay equity to women workers. 
Cleveland, join me at our rally tonight and join the conversation with  
We will win in 2016, not just the White House, the U.S. Senate and U.S. House, but Statehouses all across the country. 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. 
We need a movement that tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class they won't be able to continue buying candidates and elections. 
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship. 
When parents have a baby they shouldn't be forcibly separated from that baby because they can't afford to stay home. 
We are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American peoples desire for real change in this country. 
What is this Snapshot thing and why do I only get ten seconds? 
Si un banco es demasiado grande para fallar, entonces es demasiado grande para existir. 
We need a movement that tells corporate America and the wealthy that you will start paying your fair share of taxes. 
Now is NOT the time for the same old, same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas. 
We must end the international disgrace of being the only major country on earth that doesn't provide paid family amp; medical leave to workers. 
We must not continue being the country in the world with more people in jail than any other  disproportionately people of color. 
I'm excited too! RSVP here:  
Tune in to FaceTheNation for a discussion on returning to a gov't of the people, by the people and for the people. 
If youre interested in more than just electing a president, if youre interested in a political revolution, we need your help. 
"The political revolution is coming, baby! Come with us." - NinaTurner 
Bernie worked with Sen. McCain and House Republicans to pass landmark legislation to ensure all our veterans get the care they deserve. 
Low and middle-income kids should not have to pay their way through college while rich kids are able to focus on their studies. 
Tuition-free college will give hope to millions of young people. It would be an extraordinary investment in our future.  
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.  
It's not a radical idea to say a single mother should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.  
Thanks, HillaryClinton.  
Bernie is the best candidate to expand the base, excite the party and defeat Republican opponents in 2016.  
We're relying on more than 1.5 million contributions at $30 a piece. Join our movement: 
It's time for commonsense gun safety laws: Universal background checks Assault weapon ban Stricter gun trafficking laws  
Wall Street plays by the rules? Who are we kidding? The business model of Wall Street is fraud.  
Thanks, MartinOMalley.  
Its hard to believe a candidate funded by the big banks will adequately regulate Wall Street.  
In my view, health care is a right and not a privilege. 
Walmart has gotta start paying living wages to their workers, not starvation wages.  
Theres only one candidate on this stage who has a plan to make sure every American has health care as a right.  
We bailed out Wall Street, its their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free.  
We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world.  
As a former veterans committee chairman, Bernie knows the true cost of war includes the big impact on our veterans and military families. 
The disastrous invasion of Iraq, which I opposed, has unraveled the region and led to the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS.  
Leading the world, this country will rid our planet of the barbaric organization called ISIS. 
Tonight were going to talk about the major issues facing our country and our world. Join me:  
Horrified by the attacks in Paris tonight. My thoughts are with the victims and their loved ones. 
In the year 2015, we should not be debating a woman's right to choose. 
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt. This has got to change. 
Join me in Cleveland on Monday for a rally with special guest NinaTurner. RSVP here: 
Debemos establecer equidad salarial para la mujer. Es inconcebible que las mujeres ganen menos que los hombres al realizar el mismo trabajo. 
Tomorrow is the second Democratic Debate. Attend a debate watch party near you and  
Dudley Dudley from our NH steering committee explains why she's supporting our movement.  
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice, for environmental sanity and for peace. 
When we all stand together, there is nothing, nothing that we cannot accomplish. 
Were proud to have more support with young people than any other candidate in todays new CBS/NYT poll. 
Congress repealed Glass-Steagall 16 years ago today. We will reinstate it and break up big banks which have a stranglehold over our economy. 
A new CBS/NYT poll shows our campaign closing the gap: 
We are very humbled to have the support of NinaTurner, a strong fighter for the people of Ohio. 
Bernie walks the walk. - Mark Dimondstein, APWUnational President 
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure every American has access to public colleges regardless of income.  
In my view, it makes a lot more sense to be investing in jobs and education, than more jails and incarceration. 
Real youth unemployment for African American high school graduates is 51 percent. That's an unspeakable tragedy that we've got to address. 
Americans are working longer hours for lower wages and wondering how they're going to retire with dignity. This shouldnt happen in America. 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
El salario mnimo federal actual es un salario de inanicin y debe ser elevado a un salario de subsistencia digna. 
We need a path to citizenship to bring 11 million people out of the shadows. And, that must happen sooner, rather than later. 
I'm listening to the  conversation. It's time to address structural racism on college campuses. 
Its not just income and wealth inequality. Its not just corporate control over the media. The real issue is: Who's gonna stand up to them? 
"When the peace treaty is signed, the war isn't over for the veterans, or the family. It's just starting." - Karl Marlantes 
Glad to see so many young people here today. Its important to understand the sacrifices veterans have made.  
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
The cost of war is real, and we have got to support those people who have put their lives on the line defending this country.  
If patriotism means anything, it means that we do not turn our backs on those who defended us. 
