text 
INBOX: The Republican Party of Virginia has confirmed that Donald J. Trump will NOT be attending the 2016 RPV Convention this weekend. 
In PA, Donald Trump, 69, says of Hillary Clinton, 68: "She doesn't have the strength and she doesn't have the energy to be president.'' 
Donald Trump tells PA rally: "I better be careful not to be too presidential. folks." 
Trump in PA keeps bragging re spending even as he ups payroll today: "I have spent less than anybody else and I'm in first place by a lot." 
MIns after Trump says in RI he'd love Bobby Knight's support, campaign announces the famed coach will join him at Indianapolis rally Wed 
Donald Trump on John Kasich: "Ladies and gentleman, our new nominee, 1 and 50." 
Campaigning in RI, Donald Trump says Kasich and Cruz made deal "because they are just getting killed." 
Donald Trump mocks Jeb Bush for saying he wasn't a conservative. "Who cares?" 
Donald Trump suggests if he starts "acting presidential" he could start losing. "We got to be a little bit careful about change." 
Donald Trump, campaigning in MD, says "lyin' Ted Cruz" will be one of his best friends in a few weeks. 
UPDATE: Donald Trump is still talking about Jeb Bush. 
11 yrs later, post-Katrina victims of horrific police shooting find justice. Read this then buy Shots on the Bridge. 
Donald Trump has spent half on staff and consulting as Mitt Romney at this point in 2012, reports rebeccaballhaus 
Donald Trump spending more even as he brags at rallies about spending less. With rebeccaballhaus 
Sandbagged in past st party elections for convention delegates, Trump putting up a fight in PA. 2 offices opened. 
Donald Trump wins expected but clutch victory in NY, with hookjan via WSJ 
On eve of NY primary Donald Trump headlines big rally while Ted Cruz stays behind closed doors. W/ heatherhaddon 
In Buffalo, Donald Trump heads biggest-ever indoor rally in show of strength and defiance. 
Donald Trump's moxie is a natural fit in Staten Island, the borough with the biggest chip on its shoulder. 
UPDATE: Donald Trump is still talking about Jeb Bush. 
Pro-Trump Staten Island GOP chair says turnout 3x usual Lincoln Day. 
Donald Trump in Hartford CT: "Wall Street owns Hillary Clinton. On that I agree with Bernie Sanders." 
From  to never say never? One NY GOP lawmaker coming to terms with Trump before Tuesday's primary. 
After Rubio quit, his top NY surrogate got condolence flowers from Trump guys. Mourning ends w/ Tuesday's primary. 
Rubio's top NY surrogate getting fixed up with Trump but she's still looking for Mr. Right via WSJ 
One NY lawmaker coming to terms with Trump. Her Staten Island district loves him. She used to  via WSJ 
The Trump dilemma for a rising GOP star: damned if you back him, damned if you dont 
Trump's ode to NY: "Its the energy to get things done. If Jeb Bush came here I'm telling you hed have much more energy." 
Donald Trump, still talking NY real estate at GOP dinner: "Who the hell wants to talk about politics. It gets a little dull." 
Donald Trump speech so far to NY GOP is about his real estate holdings in the city. That's about it. 
Um...Donald Trump seems like MUCH different candidate at NY GOP dinner than he does at his rallies. Also, he's wearing a tux. 
NY GOP chairman Ed Cox calls Donald Trump a "genius" 2x 
NY GOP Chairman Ed Cox says Donald Trump "has a brand name that stands for quality." 
Roughly 1,000 protesters, mostly anti-Trump, many Hispanic, outside NY GOP dinner, reports shelbyholliday 
NM Gov. Susana Martinez promotes her opposition to drivers licenses for illegal immigs and sanctuary cities at NY GOP. Good intro for Trump? 
Chocolate elephants at NY GOP dinner! 
I  NY 
Broadways Hamilton craze scrambles plan for woman on $10 bill, reports nicktimiraos via WSJ 
At Pittsburgh rally, Donald Trump defends late Penn State football coach accused of sex abuse cover up via WSJ 
Another sign of Trump w/ pulse of non-PC public opinion: calls for restoring Joe Paterno statue, 59 agree in Q poll 
Donald Trump calls for Penn State to bring back Joe Paterno statue. "How bout that whole deal?" via WSJ 
In Flint, Fears of Showering Bring Desperate Measures abbygoodnough 
Donald Trump in Pittsburgh: "The media! They are the worst!" Esp when they give me all that free publicity so I don't have to buy ads? 
Trump: "If I would have gone Ohio for two more days I would have won." Kasich 47 Trump 36. 11 points in two days? 
Did same in NY. Loves BLS stats! MT wpjenna Trump used to open rallies w/ poll nos. Tonight: Federal stats re Pittsburgh's struggling econ. 
Collins amp; Hunter amp; other Reps mtg tmrw on Hill w/ adviser Ed Brookover is start of more regular outreach from Trump campaign says GOP aide. 
In Pittsburgh, Donald Trump goes there: "Hows Joe Paterno? We gonna bring that back. How bout that whole deal?" 
Donald Trump is STILL talking about Jeb Bush. He's in Rome NY today. 
Tennessee bill on counselors is latest battleground over LGBT issues via WSJ 
Legacy of Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio campaigns: Big money, dark money and blurry lines, learyreports via TB_Times 
Pastor likens David Duke support for Trump to Caitlyn Jenner praise for Cruz. "Candidate can't dictate support." 
Trump surrogate/SC pastor sorry for ?ing Bernie Sanders' belief in God but stands by U.S. as "Christian nation." 
"I'm no Uncle Tom. I'm no coon." said Mark Burns, among black pastors who met w/ Trump last yr, now warms up crowds 
The hardest-working Trump surrogate you've never heard of is a small-town SC pastor who turns rallies into revivals 
This is how you eat pizza in NY says Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, former Marco Rubio chair in NY 
To the long list of things in this campaign I thought I'd never see: Montel Williams firing up the crowd for John Kasich in Brooklyn. 
Jews for Cruz! 
Ronnie Greene's Shots on the Bridge wins IRE book award! Read this important book. 
Trump endorsements-scarce in WI-coming from gt; 1/2 GOP county chairs in NY. Long Island kickoff rally Wed. via WSJ 
Same night as NY GOP dinner in NYC with Trump! 
My early inspirations: Anna Quindlen and Ellen Goodman 
Trump surrogate says he was right the first time; women getting (illegal) abortions should be punished. 
Inbox from Rand Paul: "Support the nominee." Dabbling in GOP presidential politics? Nope, talking about his Senate re-election. 
Donald Trump favors punishing women who get abortions but changes mind after pro-life backlash. rebeccaballhaus 
Marjorie Dannenfelser of SBAList says re Trump: "We have never advocated in any context for the punishment of women who undergo abortion." 
Guess how many times Donald Trump has broken cardinal rules of politics? reidesptein found 30 examples. 
What are you going to do for the environment? Undo everything Obama did, says Trump and Cruz, reports amyaharder 
Jeb Bush back on speaking circuit. "Fees vary based on event location." How many ks does 2016 bid add? 
No wonder Jeb Bush back on speaking circuit - last yr reported nearly $10 mil in speaking fees since 2007 
Low-energy but likely high-paid Jeb Bush back on the speaking circuit. via WSJ 
"One must respect the authority of the cocktail." Roz Chast is the best. 
Wow Donald Trump still mentions Jeb Bush a lot. 
Donald Trump: "I think we have to look very seriously at the mosques." 
Jeb Bush has endorsed Ted Cruz, but where's son and fellow Texan, George P? 
A crusade to defeat the legacy of highways rammed through poor neighborhoods 
Conservative Utah continues to welcome Muslim refugees 
SC GOP announces Tom Cotton as keynote at annual dinner. List of past speakers reads like list of ex-candidates - JIndal, Rubio, Santorum. 
John Kasich joining Donald Trump at N.Y GOP dinner on 4/14, 5 days before big primary 
Group behind Kelly Ayotte airing ads on local drug crisis as she faces natl SCOTUS attacks reports siobhanehughes 
Donald Trumps foreign policy is the least of his problems in speech to pro-Israel lobby. 
Goldman Sachs bankers know better than to pitch a Trump-related deal, said former executive, reports PreetaTweets 
FWIW: Jeb Bush gave $100K and loaned $250K to campaign in last 3 weeks. Even RTR pitched in. About $13K left. 
Donald Trump could be called as witness in fraud trial over Trump U. via WSJ 
Cruz nat sec team: 22 + 1 Islamaphobe. Kasich: +30. Trump: "very good brain" +1 Jeff Sessions. damianpaletta 
Diplomats concerned about Donald Trump's xenophobic and inconsistent views. damianpaletta WSJSolomon 
Ted Cruz has 23 nat sec advisers. Kasich more than 30. Trump? Just one - plus his "good brain." With damianpaletta 
Anyone see John Kasich town hall in PA on livestream or TV? 
Rick Scott: "Now time for Republicans to accept and respect the will of the voters and coalesce behind Donald Trump. 
How in the world did John Kasich become the Republican establishment's last man standing? (Not Bush, Rubio, Christie, Walker, Perry,Jindal) 
Read poconnorwsj on how Rubio's defeat signals rejection of the GOP blueprint for winning diverse 2016 electorate 
Wondering if Marco Rubio will mention Jeb Bush.... 
We are operating on the assumption that Donald Trump will be the presidential nominee, says super PAC founder. 
Resigned to Trump as nominee, Bush, McCain, Romney vets start fundraising for super PAC to protect GOP majorities. 
New GOP super PAC assumes Donald Trump at top of ticket and aims to protect Senate and House candidates below. 
Only Donald Trump has dozens of poll watchers in Miami-Dade, reports doug_hanks 
Impossible to know if Marco Rubio's "small-hands" jive hurt him at ballot box. Anecdotally, no doubt some voters turned off. 
Ted Cruz investing more $ in every state but FL, reports katieglueck. 
Important distinction: John Kasich endorsed by a united Ohio GOP. Fl GOP totally splintered btwn Trump, Rubio, Bush. 
Ex Fl House Speaker Will Weatherford on MSNBC says re Trump: "He hasn't earned my vote thus far, even if he is the nominee." 
Beleaguered Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes to host Clinton fundraiser via WSJ 
Donald Trump aims for a 1-2 knockout punch. With reidesptein@poconnorwsj heatherhaddon 
North Carolina sheriff investigating if Trump campaign incited a riot, reports vbauerlein via WSJ 
Is FL vote is win or go home? Marco Rubio says "We haven't even analyzed it that way and never have." Except he and advisers guaranteed win. 
She's also a former Democrat! 
Inbox: Sarah Palin event in The Villages in FL cancelled today. "Governor Palin wishes her best to Mr. Trump in the upcoming primaries." 
Thanks reidepstein: What to expect if Republican convention is contested. via WSJ 
Is Donald Trump bringing new voters to the GOP? The evidence is uneven, reports aaronzitner via WSJ 
In case you were wondering about Mike Murphy's next move, he's going to be a spring fellow at the Institute of Poltics at the U of Chicago 
Chilling: To Maintain Supply of Sex Slaves, ISIS Pushes Birth Control 
Kills me to say this as a native but Florida looks like it's going to be a blowout in both primaries. Action is in O-hi-o. 
Dreams of a Cuban pork roaster and coffee maker in the White House... 
Marco Rubios political godmother doesn't believe polls, but other Miami Cuban-Ams who watched rise bracing for fall 
Marco Rubio, standing on the shoulders of Miami's Cuban-American community. via WSJ 
Failure of Fort Lauderdale high rise reflects power and myth of the Trump brand, reports mikesallah7 mrmikevasquez 
Earth Wind amp; Fire isn't A-list talent (!) among the many, many claims made by the litigious Mr. Trump in court. 
FL Lt Gov/Sen candidate Carlos Lopez-Cantera says "I don't think I could" back Trump as nom. His rivals squirmed. 
"I don't think I could," said FL Lt Gov on the ? every GOP elected dreads: Will you support Trump if he's the nom? 
OMG Larry David as Bernie Sanders on SNL: "The only reason you go to FL is if your sister calls and says 'Mom's dead. We gotta go to FL.' '' 
One day after endorsment, ex-rival Ben Carson says he's "willing" to be Donald Trump's VP 
As Lindsey Graham was to Jeb Bush, Tim Scott is to Marco Rubio. A surrogate the crowds love. Rocking the Broward GOP right now. 
Will you support Trump if he is nom? SC Sen. Tim Scott, Marco Rubio surrogate, says won't deal with "hypotheticals" and Rubio will be nom. 
At Broward GOP, line of folks wanting pics w Ben Carson 
Ben Carson at Broward GOP: "I've told Mr. Trump if it would make a big difference I'd be willing" to be vp. 
Look who's at the Broward County Lincoln Day Dinner in Ft Lauderdale 
I think Jeb Bush would beg to differ 
Terrific profile of political operator Marco Rubio by learyreports, working the beat harder than anyone. 
At Florida synagogue, Rubio says Trump lacks 'basic knowledge' of foreign policy via WSJ 
Former George W. Bush official Dan Senor vouches for Marco Rubio's pro-Israel credentials at West Palm Beach synagogue. 
Marco Rubio holds press conference at West Palm Beach synagogue to shore up pro-Israel vote in FL. 
In Palm Beach, Donald Trump decides there's only one of him, who is not quite ready to play statesman role. 
Marco Rubio makes unscheduled stop at landmark Little Havana restaurant Versailles. "The place went crazy," supporter tells me. 
Trump: "I think we've had enough debates...It would be nice to finish off with this one." 
Hold on, now Donald Trump says there is only one Donald Trump, "the deep thinker." 
Trump says Carson is right, there are two different Donald Trumps. One of them is a "big thinker." 
Trump on Carson endorsement: "Ben is going to have a big big part. Maybe Ben doesnt even know this yet.'' 
At Mar-a-Lago, the usual chandelier and gold inlaid ceiling at a candidate press conference. 
Ben Carson says there are 2 Donald Trumps, the one on stage and the one who is "cerebral." Says will be seeing more of the cerebral Trump. 
Donald Trump introduces Ben Carson as a "special, special person, a special special man." 
Five years in Cuban prison sold Alan Gross on Obama's visit, reports margarettalev via bpolitics 
See what Trump's campaign manager drinks for bfast. Calls debate "classy" and "elegant." 
Hear ye hear ye, the best live blog around, manned on this night by reidepstein 
Who knew Donald Trump was such a conservationist? (He got tax breaks, reports richardrubinDC ) via WSJ 
Read why Marco Rubio Is Florida's not-so-favorite son by michaelcbender via bpolitics 
More Fl journos (past and present) to  at GOP debate: rayadverb MichaelCBender MichaelPutney jamesoliphant browardpolitics 
More great FL journos (past and present) to  peterwallsten BrittanyWallman EmilyMichot michaelputney Noahbierman sbustosAP 
Early  great FL journos at GOP debate: lesleyclark PatriciaMazzei AmySherman1 learyreports adamsmithtimes gbennettpost eliotkpbp 
You know you're at a debate in Miami when there's empanadas, croquetas and pastelitos for the media! 
Fl GOP chair: "The views of Donald Trump are not necessarily the views of the Republican Party."  
Fl GOP chair facing awk ?s about Trump at  preview of GOP hierarchy fumbling to come. "Say what u will about Donald Trump..." 
Lets imagine Donald Trumps GOP acceptance speech  Miami Herald DanGelber 
New ad in FL from Marco Rubio super PAC: "A vote for Kasich or Cruz is a vote for Trump." 
The next Flint: Lead lurks in U.S. water wells 
Wonder if Marco Rubio regrets decision to base campaign in DC instead of FL, now facing loss on home turf. 
Good sign for Trump? 1 out of 4 GOP absentees didn't vote in last 3 FL primaries. 
Marco Rubio playing catch-up in own backyard, delayed FL offices and absentee voter outreach to run natl campaign. 
Rubio's natl strategy left him vulnerable on home turf. FL victory would only be morale boost to convention bid. 
You know you're in Miami when... 
$ boost for Rubio from the Hill on most important day of yr (3/15 FL primary): 14 senators and 48 House members to co-host DC fundraiser. 
INBOX: Jeb's brother, Neil Bush, joins Ted Cruz finance team. 
Shocker: Lincoln Day shenanigans in run-up to FL GOP primary via WSJ 
Why Trump skipping Lincoln Day dinner in FL for U of Illinois rally: "thousands of people." Pre-primary politics! 
Im not giving into their bullying, Broward GOP chair says of Trump camp's pre-FL primary Lincoln Day demands. 
March 15th intrigue: Trump campaign wants Chris Christie to replace Tim Scott as keynote at local FL GOP dinner. 
Michigan, Mississippi primaries to test Trump's popularity against regional appeal of Kasich and Cruz reidepstein 
To be determined... 
Late to this but Trump cancelled long-planned Lincoln Day dinner in Palm Beach County, FL and is going to Chicago on Friday instead. 
As new poll shows lead narrowing in FL, Trump launches rare attack ad calling Rubio "corrupt." via WSJ 
Donald Trump crushing it in MI, reports poconnorWSJ via WSJ 
RNC chair indirectly dismisses only route for Rubio and Kasich to GOP nom: "I think the odds of a contested convention are very small." 
Boos at  when Sean Hannity asks crowd about Mitt Romney's speech yesterday 
More RNC chair to  "Yeah, there's some drama." Understatement of the campaign? 
RNC chair t o  "Whoever the nominee of our party, theyre going to get the full backing and 100 percent support of our party." 
Day after debate in which the GOP front runner boasted about his manhood, panel at  promotes abstinence before marriage. 
Closing in on the nomination, Donald Trump as truculent as ever. hookjan rebeccaballhaus via WSJ 
In case anyone is looking for me, I'm at  
Late to this fun glimpse into Jeb Bush's post-campaign life. With Saltines! 
Gov. Rick Scott's decision to stay on the fence comes two days before both Rubio and Trump will campaign in FL. 
Ex FL GOP chair says Rubio should do in FL what Kasich did in NH. I dont see a path for Sen. Rubio right now." 
Donald Trump ready for showdown in FL against the "guy who has the worst voting record in the history of the state." 
Pre-primary showdown btwn Marco Rubio and Donald Trump in FL -- 2 and 1/2 hrs and 140 miles apart -- looms Saturday. 
Backdrop at John Kasich town-hall: America Never Gives Up. Neither does Kasich, much to Marco Rubio's chagrin. 
Ex-MI GOP chair backing Ted Cruz: "The only person who thinks theres a path to the nomination for Kasich is him." 
Glad we made the leap together :) 
Kasich rules out quitting but hecklers will get louder if he falters Tues in MI, where he is hunkered down. hookjan 
Fl Gov. Rick Scott gets what it's like to be a "businessman outsider" but won't endorse Trump before 3/15 primary. 
Florida Gov. Rick Scott is staying on the sidelines 
U.S. airlines bid for new scheduled routes to Cuba via WSJ 
GOP maintains big turnout edge, reports poconnorwsj. via WSJ 
John Kasich tells voter at town hall who suggests abolishing the IRS abolished to look under his pillow to see if the Tooth Fairy came. 
John Kasich at MI town hall says he just spoke to Ben Carson:"He held his head high... He is a very good man." 
Backdrop at John Kasich town hall in MI: "AMERICA NEVER GIVES UP." Neither does Kasich, much to the chagrin of Marco Rubio. 
Ben Carson: "Even though I will not be in my hometown of Detroit on Thursday, I remain deeply committed to my home nation, America." 
Mitt Romney takes a break from Twitter Thursday to talk 2016 
Super PACS Launch Anti-Trump Ads in Florida, Illinois and Michigan reidepstein via WSJ 
Ted Cruz's victory speech in TX provoking flashbacks of him stepping on Jeb Bush donor retreat in October in Houston. 
SLIGHT CLARIFICATION: Rick Scott is in Tallahassee and not endorsing Donald Trump TONIGHT. Spokeswoman says he hasn't made up his mind. 
Rick Scott's spokeswoman says he's in Tallahassee tonight and not endorsing Donald Trump. 
Quintessential backdrop of Donald Trump press conference in Palm Beach: a sea of chandeliers and American flags. 
Marco Rubio really playing to the hometown crowd in Miami: "We stand for freedom in Cuba, In Venezuela, in Nicaragua!" 
Florida, Florida, Florida is the state to watch after Super Tuesday via WSJ 
Super PAC backing Marco Rubio quietly began multi-million dollar, anti-Trump blitz last week in must-win Florida. 
GOPers looking past Super Tuesday: Trump, Rubio planting flags in FL, Cruz heads to KS, Kasich to MI. 
Team Trump says he'll seal the deal in FL. Team Rubio sees FL as part of slog to the convention. 
Donald Trump, Marco Rubio laying down stakes in Florida tonight, kicking off a potentially epic March 15 battle. 
Marco Rubio holds up Obama nom he once backed for Miami federal bench, reports jayhweaver 
GOPers who won't vote for Trump - even if he's the nom - include an ex RNC chair, reports reidepstein 
How many MN delegates? What's the AL polling? Who got OK endorsements? All your Super Tuesday ?s answered here! 
Here's your handy state-by-state guide to Super Tuesday w/ delegate counts, polls, endorsements amp; more. 
DC lobbyist Dirk Van Dongen encouraging fellow ex-Bushies to attend strategy session with Rubio campaign Tuesday 
Cruz and Kasich vie for attention amid fervid insult trading btwn Rubio and Trump. 
GOP establishment rallying behind Rubio but Cruz is only candidate likely to deprive Trump of 1st place in Texas. 
Ex RNC finance chair who says he's voting for Rubio: "It will be all over March 15 when Trump wins big time in FL." 
Marco Rubio adds Donald Trump's soft step on KKK to his case that he's unfit to be GOP standard bearer. 
Hey marcorubio don't screw up in Loudon Cty today, I brought my 15-yr-old kid and her friend, and they're doing a school project on you. 
Greenwich GOP boss endorses Trump via ConnPost 
Something about a Saturday night that makes Marco Rubio feel like releasing credit card statements and tax returns... 
Job deadline looms for food-stamp recipients via WSJ 
Presidential politics or reality TV? reidepstein via WSJ 
"Poor black men were locked up. Poor black women were locked out." Terrific reporting and writing on evictions. 
Houston Republican Debate: Live Coverage via WSJ 
CNN just panned to former President George H,W, Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush in the Houston debate audience. Is Jeb watching? 
Donald Trump says he's "No. 1 with Hispanics." Not so fast... via WSJ 
That didn't take long. Kasich campaign calls Q poll showing Rubio 16 points behind Trump in Florida a "death knell." 
Diverse Perry IA b-ball team taunted w "Trump" chants Town was ground zero for 2012 immigration attacks JOSreports 
New Q poll in Florida has Trump crushing home-state senator Rubio, 44 to 28 percent. 
Black barber/beauty shops not feeling 2008 love in 2016, reports ColleenMNelson vbauerlein 
Ted Cruz calls TX "crown jewel" of Super Tuesday but doesn't predict victory. If you can't win at ome...hookjan 
Fixed tweet. Story is correct, says 1980. Apologies! 
Watch out Cruz. Home-state primary losers who didn't win noms include HW Bush in 80, Ron Paul in 2008/12. via WSJ 
Oops I meant 1980 
Longtime Bush family fundraiser in TX turned down debate invites from Cruz and Rubio. 
Sign of Ted Cruz's vulnerability in TX: ex-Jeb Bush donors, shopping for a new candidate, still aren't interested. 
Ted Cruz fighting for political survival on his home turf. No wonder he's quoting from the Alamo. hookjan via WSJ 
Jeb Bush wants conservative president and vows to do whatever he can to make that happen as a private citizen. 
"Im sorry it didnt turn out the way I intended, Jeb Bush told donors on call. via WSJ 
Jeb Bush pledges to back conservative candidate but doesn't name names via WSJ 
Inbox from Ben Carson on Super Tuesday: "Without a strong showing, it's going to be very tough for my campaign. That's the honest truth." 
1st pro-Trump congressman: "Some understand he's unstoppable but theyre sure what to doI'm more of a risk taker. 
Jeb Bush-turned-Donald Trump backer NY Rep. Chris Collins: "They are actually very similar individuals." via WSJ 
1st pro-Trump congressman and ex-Bush supporter Chris Collins says "Ive been on board mentally for several weeks." 
John Kasich, the self-described happy warrior whose campaign and PAC attacked Jeb Bush at every turn, now regularly bashing Marco Rubio. 
Jeb Bush doing thank-you call with national finance team tomorrow. 
"What is it with these ding dongs?" Marge Simpson demands of 2016 candidates. Ends with Homer eating a sandwich!  
This is a new one: "He doesn't take calls. Can I take a message?" 
DougHeye on how Ted Cruz needs to clean up his campaign's reputation via WSJ 
Sen. Paul, will you endorse one of your ex GOP primary rivals? "No." siobhanehughes 
Broward Health gave company with financial ties to Gov. Scott 25-year, no-bid contract 
"Hed probably try to have all members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus deported." kristinapet siobhanehughes 
Marco Rubio, the anti-establishment outsider, rolling in establishment/insider endorsements, reports poconnorwsj 
Orrin Hatch - who was co-hosting Jeb Bush fundraiser with Norm Coleman Thursday - endorses Rubio. So Orrin and Norm are both free on Thurs. 
For those who think John Kasich is a "moderate," ICYMI signing of bill aimed at cutting $ to Planned Parenthood 
Broward GOP chair says Jeb Bush still headlining March 12 Lincoln Day, 3 days before winner-take-all primary. That could be interesting. 
Tom Ridge, who was on the bus with Jeb Bush in NH, goes with John Kasich. 
Not all Bush loyalists moving to Rubio or staying put: C Boyden Gray is going with Cruz. hookjan 
Norm Coleman is free Thursday after all. It's the presidential version of musical chairs, w/ rebeccaballhaus 
On the night Jeb Bush drops out, another sign of the end of civility. 
Jeb Bush: "Tonight I am suspending my campaign." 
No TV on at Jeb Bush campaign, don't think I've ever seen that on Election NIght gathering. 
Not news but still stunning that Jeb Bush campaign aired 0 TV ads in SC in past wk. Says a lot about dependence on super PAC and low $. 
High turnout predicted in SC amid last-minute backbiting and reports of dirty tricks, poconnorwsj hookjan via WSJ 
Catching up to this Jeb Bush super PAC ad with no photo-shopped handshake but strong parallel btwn Rubio and Obama 
South Carolina Republican Primary and Nevada Democratic Caucuses: Latest Updates - Washington Wire - WSJ 
How does he keep topping himself like this? 
Gray and drizzling at Greenville poll Jeb Bush visited this morn but steady trickle of voters. 
Lindsey Graham told Jeb Bush he'd like to end the SC campaign where he started: In Pickens County. 
Lindsey Graham goes back to high school with Jeb Bush and gets nostalgic. via WSJ 
After 20 intros, 1300 miles, 2 cases of Coke Zero, Jeb Bush asked top wingman Lindsey Graham how to end SC campaign. 
Donald Trump well-positioned to win all 50 of SC's delegates, reports poconnorwsj. 
Enduring images of SC primary: Jeb Bush flanked by a "pile of Bushes" v. Rubio starring in Benneton ad. via WSJ 
Jeb Bush in Greenville: "This is not a Rubio town hall. We actually answer questions here." 
Jeb Bush: "They call me the Common Core candidate...I'm the education candidate...The rest of them are jibber jabbers." 
Lindsey Graham introduces "piles of Bushes" in Spartanburg: Marvin, Neil, Jeb Jr, Columba and Barbara. Oh yeah, Jeb too. 
How many attack ads has pro-Kasich super PAC run v. Jeb Bush while Kasich gripes about negative campaigs? Latest: 
Marco Rubio touts foreign policy cred but learyreports found he missed 60 of foreign relations committee hearings. 
Noteworthy that Jeb Bush praises John McCain (and bashes Trump for insulting him) in every stump speech as senator sits on the sidelines. 
I love when Jeb Bush calls another man "brother." 
Jeb on teachers unions: "No one running for president has any idea what its like to take on these very powerful interests other than me." 
Jeb Bush tells undecided voter w/ ? on education policy: "I'm going to get on my hands and knees and ask for your vote after I answer this." 
Jeb Bush asked in Columbia about family legacy by young man, immediately pivoted to student loans. 
FWIW amid rumors of Jeb low on $: Norm Coleman and Orrin Hatch hosting fundraiser Thursday in McLean, $250 supporter/$500 host. 
Lindsey Graham: Bush values are SC values. "I dont know what Trump values are. Theyre foreign to me. Theyre not what I can relate to." 
Ted Cruz must really hate that question about how everyone in Washington dislikes him. 
Ted Cruz says Marco Rubio was "incorrect" on him not being able to speak Spanish. 
Ted Cruz on Planned Parenthood: "I don't think they do anything wonderful." 
More Trump: "I think somebody at Wall Street Journal doesn't like me but I never do well with the Wall Street Journal poll." hookjan ??? 
Donald Trump tells MSNBC: "I hit Jeb because he's sort of easy to hit to be honest with you." No wonder Jeb calls him a bully! 
Um...RT realDonaldTrump Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home. 
Jeb Bush increasingly mentions his efforts to prolong the life of Terri Schiavo on campaign trail. 
Jeb Bush keeps saying he's campaigning with his arms wide open but sharp elbows flying at every single rival except for Ben Carson. 
I kind of hate to say it, but the millennial generation is now important." hookjan on demographic shift. 
Moment of reckoning for Jeb Bush as he brings brother George W. onto campaign stage. via WSJ 
"George W. Bush is speaking out at a key moment for the Republican Party and the conservative movement." 
George W. Bush talked about shootings at black Charleston church, rarely if ever mentioned by GOP 2016ers. 
At George W. Bush rally, brother Jeb said it wasn't about Donald Trump but it kinda was. via WSJ 
George W. Bush wades into brother Jeb's campaign and broader debate over direction of GOP. via WSJ 
Gotta give this to Jeb Bush: His events usually start on time. Seven minutes after called start for W rally, the Star Spangled Banner. 
Ohmigod I see the flower dude in the audience at the George W./Jeb Bush rally. 
Ted Cruz up with Trump attack ad in SC, adds to anti-Trump hits from Jeb Bush super PAC and Club for Growth. 
Millions of Floridians to start casting first votes for president via TB_Times 
One year after Jeb Bush declared "I am my own man," big brother will join him on stage. Why now and why SC? 
"You would never hear a Bush say that," said SC voter of vulgarity used by Donald Trump. 
Did Trump pick the wrong state to re-litigate 9-11? SC is strong military state w long ties to Bush family. 
Why SC hearts the Bushes: "We picked presidents so felt like they were ours." 
Donald Trump calls Jeb Bush "a total stiff" but in the South some embrace his family's genteel, patrician image. 
How popular is W in SC? Lindsey Graham bragged about campaign donation, used him in ad. "I know my state," he said. 
At many town halls across the country, Bush dynasty elicits groans. In SC, surname generates standing ovations. 
Donald Trump gambles by going after the Bushes in a state where they have strong ties. 
Donald Trump goes rogue by attacking the last GOP president, by poconnorWSJ and hookjan 
Former First Lady Laura Bush will join George W and Jeb at Monday rally in North Charleston. 
Jeb Bush super PAC hits Donald Trump on abortion, business record via WSJ 
Hired gun scientists defend corporate clients who use toxic chemicals. davidhth on the "rented white coats." 
Jeb Bush on SC vote: "We believe this is going to be national security primary." 
GOP 2016 race moves to SC, where "the punches start as soon as church lets out on Sunday. hookjan 
Host of John Kasich event in Charleston: "I wanted to see what the people in New Hampshire saw in him." via WSJ 
John Kasich seizes the moment. People are starting to pay attention and theyre either going to like me or not." 
Bush gloats after leading Rubio in NH: They pushed the pause button...the coronation...they canceled it." 
Jeb Bush "doesnt give two hoots about focus groups...theyve written me off in this campaign over and over again." 
Question to John Kasich I haven't heard at other GOP events: "How do you plan to fight extreme poverty in Africa?" 
John Kasich in Charleston: "No one thought I would finish in second place in New Hampshire...no one knew what my name was." 
Dunkin lives on past NH - donuts being passed around Jeb Bush event in Hilton Head SC. jmartNYT 
Rand Paul campaign manager joins Marco Rubio reidepstein via WSJ 
Advice from reader: "Your wording and grammar are excellent. Now work on your content." 
What I'm looking forward to in SC: what avatar will jmartNYT come up with? 
Guess the candidate! Jeb post-NH talkers ref "unserious reality television star or backbench senator who has never made a tough decision." 
Common Core could dog Bush in SC, which nixed it. Will be interesting to see if voters - and Rubio - bring it up. 
With W and Graham, Jeb Bush will make natl security top theme in military-heavy SC. Anti-Kasich attacks underway. 
Onward and upward? Team Bush says it has already contacted 500,000 voters in SC. 
cc: Donald Trump 
MacStipanovich Yup 
New Jeb Bush ad hits John Kasich on guns, Medicaid expansion -- issues he could go after anti-Rubio attack dog Chris Christie for but isn't. 
NH primary is another existential moment for the Bush family dynasty, writes GeraldFSeib 
Chris Christie rises to the challenge of slowing  with hookjan and rebeccaballhaus. via WSJ 
Whoa 
Nikki Haley, said to be leaning toward Rubio, says "Establishment means to me, complacent." vbauerlen reports 
ICYMI: Double-dipping Rubio campaign amp; Senate aides. What they do for PAC $? Web site down. rebeccaballhaus via WSJ 
That's intrepid pool reporter MichaelCBender 
NH voter asks Jeb about Fiorina not in debate: "I dont know..I'm trying to convince you to vote for me. Doesnt bother me if shes on it." 
Door-knocker for Jeb Bush found good use of his policy book: batting away angry dog. "The dog ate the book and it allowed her to escape." 
CONCORD -- Jeb Bush calls for a bigger tent: "We could win immigrant votes if we stop sending negative signals and get the thing fixed." 
Jeb Bush talks about biz record and knocks you who. "By the way, that business never went bankrupt. Ever! Ever!" 
Jeb Bush says mom whispered in his ear today "you're still my favorite." 
Jeb Bush keeps telling anecdote about Obama's speech about red states and blue states after Iowa caucus. Except it was at 2004 convention. 
First images Hillary Clinton's first Spanish-language TV ad? Amnesty haters Ted Cruz and Donald Trump 
Former Jeb Bush staffer 
On Rubio PAC $ to campaign manager: "Is he doing PAC work btwn 2 and 6 am. when hes asleep? rebeccaballhas 
Rubio campaign manager got $4K/month from PAC for "strategic consulting" and $15K/month for same from campaign. 
Only 2 candidates who got $ from Rubio leadership PAC in last half of 2015 endorsed him w/i a week 
Since Marco Rubio began 2016 bid in April, PAC spent $273,000, nearly 1/2 on campaign or Senate aides for consulting 
Rubio spokes says leadership PAC still on mission to elect conservatives but only 3 contributions since April 
Marco Rubio's leadership PAC still paying campaign amp; Senate aides. No web site actiion since June. rebeccaballhaus 
Good get by KilloughCNN 
Jeb Bush on Morning Joe: "The strategy is not to abandon who I am because I'm proud to be a Bush." 
The journey of Jeb Bush: from declaring he's "my own man" to bringing mom to a town hall. 
New pro-Marco Rubio Baby Got PAC ad says "JEB CAN'T WIN."  
New pro-Rubio Baby Got PAC television ad goes after (surprise!) Jeb Bush 
Fan of Common Core 
Evangelical awakening in NH? I can assure you its big here," says Cruz co-chair. jenniferlevitz heatherhaddon 
Live free or die state is do-or-die primary for Bush, Kasich and Christie reidepstein heatherhaddon 
Marco Rubio says he's "not the establishment candidate" but he's got more congressional endorsements than Jeb Bush. 
Beaten but unbowed, Donald Trump returns to state that is home base facing new challenges. heatherhaddon hookjan 
Anti-Trump super PAC ad on Facebook, Make America Awesome also up on NH radio 
Pre-Ted Cruz IA caucus win, prescient look at ethanol as boon in Iowa but boondoggle elsewhere by coralmdavenport 
What Rubio says the establishment said to him? Treidepstein rich_beeson calls for candidates other than Rubio, Trump amp; Cruz to get out 
Iowa finish will help Marco Rubio cement backing from the "Republican establishment." via WSJ 
Hahahahaha 
New Rubio $ appeal: "The media and the establishment had written me off weeks ago, but we proved them wrong." Um.... 
The Jeb Bush  Marco Rubio Donor Shift Is Real And Its Accelerating via katherinemiller buzzfeednews 
Hillary Clinton got $717K, Marco Rubio got $676K, Jeb Bush got $196K in Q4 bundled contributions from DC lobbyists 
How about an interview, governor? RT reidepstein "I'll read the Wall Street Journal." 
Marco Rubio complaining about attacks from "the establishment" while catching up to Jeb Bush in DC endorsements. 
Marco Rubio outraised Jeb, son and bro of US presidents, in the Washington DC metro area at the end of 2015. 
Rubio got almost as much $ in bundled donations from DC lobbyists as Hillary Clinton and much more than Jeb Bush. 
Rubio been complaining about attacks from establishment, but some members are quite fond of him. rebeccaballhaus 
Down-ballot Dems cheer for Cruz and Trump, while congressional Rs root for Sanders, reports kristinapet 
Iowans blast "santuary cities" for illegal immigrants but like the federal $ that comes with, reports newsbysamuels 
Seriously? 
Marco Rubio, who bragged about flying commercial, spends $620k on private planes. rebeccaballhaus 
Jeb Bush shows more financial stamina than establishment rivals Christie and Kasich. rebeccaballhaus 
Donor peeled off as poll  tanked: 182 donors to Jeb Bush super PAC at end of 2015, down from 4,300 in first half. 
Average $ per day by Jeb Bush super PAC plunged to $82,300 a day at end of 2015, from $585,000, /rebeccaballhaus 
Re-upping WSJ story on Hank Greenberg contribution to Jeb Bush super PAC. Check from CV Starr came in 10/21/2015. 
Jeb Bush super PAC raised $15.1 mil in 2nd 1/2 of 2016. That means it only raised $5.1 mil on top of the $10 million from Hank Greenberg. 
Tough NoceraNYT column on FSU president John Thrasher's handling of rape case. 
Yes! 
Barbara Bush to campaign for Jeb Bush in New Hampshire - CBS News 
Proud I can say I worked for kathykiely 
Former Fl Sen. Curt Kiser touting Jeb Bush over Marco Rubio at Carroll, NH town hall. 
Marco Rubio has spent a lot of time explaining immig shift SINCE 2013 bill, less on position BEFORE bill in 2010 bid 
Jeb Bush's version of "Mission Accomplished" with the one-and-only MajorCBS 
W/o Trump, debate drilled down into immigration shifts by Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, reports geraldfseib 
More Crist: "It was actually a compliment. He called me the liberal governor of FL (came up when Rubio asked about cap amp; trade vote) 2/2 
Charlie Crist $raising off Rubio: "One of the lower-polling Rep presidential candidates (!) tried to insult me during the debate.(1/2) 
W/ smaller crowd, debate moderators drilled down more than ever on candidates' biggest vulnerabilities, by hookjan 
The night of the Iowa caucus, Jeb Bush will be...at a town hall at the Alpine Club in Manchester, NH 
Check out WSJ's live blog of Thursday's GOP debate via WSJPolitics 
Iowa unlikely to launch GOP underdog this yr but still the pitch: "Send me out of here with the wind at my back. 
IA GOP caucus winners ran shoestring campaigns in 2008 and 2012, but likely 2016 winners living the high life 
Where Santorum rode pick-up truck, Trump flies private jet. "We're not going to see a real underdog this year." 
The Iowa caucus, long seen as a springboard for underdogs, this yr looks like a battering ram for GOP front runners 
Smart to-do list for each GOP candidate in tonight's debate by poconnorwsj via WSJPolitics 
Veterans to Trump: Keep your stinkin money and don't use us for a publicity stunt, reports bkesling 
Dark Money Dominates Political Ad Spending via bpolitics 
Donald Trump's debate gambit: masterly maneuver or colossal blunder? 
Split-screen politics, with voters toggling btwn Trump event and GOP debate. 
Trump campaign manager on CNN: "Hes not going to do (the debate) if the network itself is not going to be fair." 
Inbox: "Donald J. Trump Special Event to Benefit Veterans Organizations. Additional details to follow." 
A restrained John McCain on Palin backing Trump, who said he wasn't a hero: I certainly respect Sarahs decision." 
2016 endorsement from John McCain could be double-edged sword. But he's not giving one anyway. via WSJPolitics 
John McCain says he won't endorse in presidential race now that Lindsey Graham is out. The ol "I have my own race." 
Rand Paul calls Trump skipping debate "a double win for me. Not only am I on the main stage but we dont have to put up w a lot of blather." 
Into "the mosh pit of resentments" at a Donald Trump rally dives MPhillipsWSJ 
What's everybody so angry about? Iowa and NH economies relatively strong, reports KateDavidson via WSJ 
In non-presidential $ news, FL Gov. Rick Scott to head 2/5 fundraiser for IN Gov. Mike Pence, still reeling from religious liberty law. 
Looking past Iowa, Jeb Bush raised $375K in FL ystrdy, $250K in Houston this morn, rallying tonight in Nevada 
Terri Schiavo appears in Jeb Bush ad, and her husband calls Jeb 'disgusting' via TB_Times 
Akkkk deleted incorrect tweet Palm Beach fundraiser for Jeb Bush was today. Apologies 
Donald Trump just called Jeb Bush a "schlub" and said, "Your mother is not going to help you negotiate with China." 
Donald Trump on Sarah Palin endorsement: "Everyone thought she was going to endorse Cruz...she likes Trump better!" 
Donald Trump doesn't take questions traditional NH town hall-style but he sure does interact with his audience. 
As Donald Trump does another NH drive-by, re-upping story on how primary win would upend  traditions. 
Trump in NH: "My whole life has been about taking....now I'm going to take and be greedy for the United States of America." 
Trump says Jeb Bush running "constant ads" about him. He's gonna have to arm wrestle Rubio, Kasich and Christie for those bragging rights. 
"I'm putting up all my own money" Trump says at NH rally.Ahem. Well, in a few days, we'll know exactly how much actually from own pocket. 
"Poor Bush...what is he doing?" Donald Trump keeps picking on Jeb even though he's not a real threat, perhaps trying to keep up street cred? 
"Young people, beautiful! Good evening! We love New Hampshire," -- Donald Trump, Feb. 25, 2016, Farmington, N,H. 
John McCain held 100th town hall right before he won NH primary. John Kasich just held his 75th. via WSJ 
Flight to NH cancelled 2 days in a row but through the internets I'm watching Trump rally and so can you 
Jeb Bush and others GOP 2016ers covet John McCain endorsement but sources say he won't endorse before NH primary. 
Jeb Bush also pinning hopes on NH but heads to NV tmrw. New mailer touts he's "earning it the NH way" w/ gt; 80 events 
While most 2016ers decamp to Iowa, Kasich and Christie still grinding it out in NH, heatherhaddon reports 
Jeb Bush raising $ in FL today, rallying in NV tmrw. He won't join the Iowa fray until after Thursday's debate, 
Donald Trump's man in NY, 2010 GOP nom Carl Paladino, organizing pre-primary bus trip for upstaters to New Hampshire. 
Inbox from Charlie Crist: "We're about to report an historic first quarter for a non-incumbent, non-special election Democrat in Florida." 
AP FACT CHECK: GOP candidates misstate military spending - US News 
Remember when Jeb Bush campaigned "joyfully?" Neither do his 2016 rivals getting hammered by his super PAC. 
Arc of Jeb Bush campaign from front runner to underdog tracked in 19 mail pieces to NH GOPer. 
Campaign touting sweet letter from Barbara Bush but ads behind Jeb overwhelmingly aimed at taking out GOP rivals. 
Flints Water Woes Make Residents Feel Like the Walking Dead 
On Roe v. Wade Anniversary, Texas Senators Backers Say Choose Cruz - WSJ 
ByronTau reports how Bernie Sanders uses his public office for political gain. 
Jeb Bush natl fin chair Woody Johnson urges donors to early-state door knock. Re-upping 
"Don't be rude! Jeb's our dude!" 
FL primary offers 1st test of Donald Trump's appeal to Hispanics, impact on GOP brand, reports acampoflores 
Wait what? 
Must-see TV starring Donald Trump, Sarah Palin and John Wayne in Iowa w/ rebeccaballhaus 
Ohmigod: Jeb Bush called President Obamas daughter Malala 
Iowa voter on Christie: "You wonder what he really thinks." Flip-flop reality check w/ heatherhaddon 
IA voter at Christie event: "He was so adamant that there was no Common Core, and thats not true. heatherhaddon 
Never-surrender Trump: "And by the way, Mexico is going to pay for the wall, just in case you have any questions." 
More Trump in IA: "If I dont win I just wasted one hell of a lot of time." 
"The Persians have always been great negotiators" says Donald Trump, condemning Iran deal in Iowa. 
Donald Trump tells pro-ethanol IA crowd, "I am there with you 100 and says he appreciated Gov. Brandstad's attack on rival Ted Cruz. 
"Hello? This is Jeb Bush" Winning over voters one at a time. 
Another 2016 skeptic 
"We have to bring new people in" to GOP says Marco Rubio, who makes list w/ young voters, single moms but not Hisps. 
In a Trump-dominated, GOP race, Marco Rubio doesn't play Hispanic card. 
Asked about same-sex marriage again, Marco Rubio says "God loves everyone" but repeats that no one should have to participate in gay wedding 
Marco Rubio says abortion debate pits 2 competing rights: right to do what you want with your body and right to life, and "I choose life." 
Marco Rubio says his boots (Florsheim, from WI) sold out after media and rivals made a fuss that he was wearing high-heeled shoes. 
Rubio says he doesn't believe in discrimination but pastors, bakers, florists should not have to participate in gay marriages. (2/2) 
Guy wearing red "atheist voter" shirt and doing video asks Marco Rubio about religious liberty laws he says would allow discrimination.(1/2) 
Marco Rubio in IA says maybe he'll to 85 or 90 but "Im more interested in eternity, and the ability to live forever with my creator." 
Another reason why Marco Rubio hates his job: "You fall in love with the Senate more than you love America." 
Path to citizenship sponsor Marco Rubio draws big crowd in Steve King country - and vows to build a wall 
In Iowa, Chris Christie calls climate deal signed in Paris "ridiculous" and says it will make the U.S. less competitive. 
Chris Christie town hall at Le Mars Iowa ice cream parlor on below-zero day. "It's a really optimistic group!" 
Perfect weather for Chris Christie town hall in Le Mars, "the ice cream capital of the world." 
Marco Rubio says "I went (to SOTU) because I wanted to make sure it was the last one." 
Asked about SCOTUS, Marco Rubio wants more "Scalias and Thomases and less Sotomayors." Calls Scalia dissent on gay marriage a "masterpiece." 
Rubio in IA: Obama "wants us 2 be more like the rest of the world. If u want to be more like the rest of the world move to another country." 
Cap-and-trade bill backed by Marco Rubio billed as a "responsible response to concerns about global climate change. 
Marco Rubio says he fought cap and trade but as FL House speaker he voted for it 
Marco Rubio backed cap-and-trade bill he would like to forget, w AmyAHarder 
Post-debate: Bush says Rubio is playing "victim," Rubio says Bush is "desperate," Rubio goes after Christie, Cruz 
"Cut and run" is Jeb Bush's new riff on Marco Rubio. But when it comes to immigration bill, are conservative voters glad Rubio did so? 
"South Carolina is going to reset this race" says Lindsey Graham, predicting victory for Jeb Bush. 
Lindsey Graham on fellow Gang of 8 member Marco Rubio: "I wasn't ready to be president at 44." 
Jeb Bush on Marco Rubio and his immigration bill: "He cut and run." 
Christie getting Bush's back and putting Rubio in his place: "It appears the same someone has been whispering in ol Marco's ear too." 
"History tells us debates can change everything, said South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Matt Moore. via WSJ 
South Carolina looks to reclaim role as GOP kingmaker. "Lets pick a conservative who can actually win the race. 
South Carolina primary known for brutal political attacks. Just ask former John McCain adviser, John Weaver. 
Ever since Lee Atwater engineered early primary in 1980, SC winner has won GOP nom. Then came Newt Gingrich. 
"The key is to believe in yourself. The key is sneakers." 
Debates matter, writes poll master Dchinni 
Smart to-do list for candidates in tonight's GOP debate from poconnorWSJ 
Six days before IA caucus, Jeb Bush heads south for Palm Beach fundraiser. Q4 expected to be worst q to date. 
Jeb Bush tells CNN: "I'm not deterred by polls at all...I believe that we're on the right track." 
jmartNYT finds some old-guard Bushies warming to Ted Cruz 
Jeb Bush asked about sPAC's anti-Rubio ad on immigration, says we need leaders who don't "cut and run." 
Jeb Bush calls Nikki Haley's response to the  "spectacular." Praises her criticism of the "angriest" and "loudest" voices. 
Jeb Bush on Fox amp; Friends: "You don't have to be a war-mongering nation or the world's policeman or do nothing...there is a third way." 
Jeb Bush gets personal in new TV ad focusing on daughters former addiction 
Wish I could eavesdrop on that Joe Biden-Paul Ryan conversation  
In German town of Trumps ancestors, folks brag about the wine, but not about the Donald via WSJ 
White supremacists, in campaign calls for Trump, say: 'We don't need Muslims' via Reuters 
Rubio has shifted, to be sure. But so has Jeb Bush on path to citizenship. 
Jeb alumni from FL and DC led by Bush ranger Husein Cumber get ready to door knock in SC 
Si! 
"It's a little intimidating and uncomfortable to knock on the door of a perfect stranger," says Jeb Bush appointee 
SC voter to 3 Cuban-Am pals of Jeb knocking on door: "Im very sympathetic to ethnic people...I'm French-Canadian!" 
Bush political dynasty acolytes trade checkbooks for comfortable shoes in the homestretch. On the ground in SC... 
Decades-old Bush family network shifts from cutting checks to pounding pavement. On the ground in SC with Bush alums 
Go Cougars 
Question posed by Lindsey Graham loomed over SC poverty forum: "Where did the party of Jack Kemp go?" 
No wonder he didn't attend SC poverty forum  MT tripgabriel Donald Trump: "I like money...I've always been greedy." 
"Undocumented and unafraid!" is the chant in 5th interruption by pro-immigrant protesters as Marco Rubio speaks at  
"We're going to enforce our immigration laws, guys," says Marco Rubio after third interruption from pro-immigrant protesters at  
"Finally made it on the big stage!" jokes ex-presidential candidate Lindsey Graham at  
SC public housing tenant on GOP 2016 forum: "Aint nothing going to change no matter who is in the White House." 
Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie in living room setting on stage at SC poverty forum, probably will make for attack-free conversation. 
Paul Ryan/Robert Woodson poverty road trip movie 
Candidates keep going on about ISIS.What about our problems right here? Housing project tenant re GOP 2016ers 
They havent spent time in the neighborhoods, says activist who toured w P Ryan, re GOP candidate forum on poverty 
They could learn a lot from being here for a day," says housing project tenant to GOP 2016ers at SC poverty forum. 
"The day they become president theyll forget about us again. They always do." 
Columbia, SC - Two miles from GOP candidate forum on poverty sprawls one of the nation's oldest housing projects. 
Quote of the election? North Charleston, SC voter: "I'm like a lot of the people who like Donald Trump. I just don't like Donald Trump." 
Jeb Bush gently distances himself from Common Core in campaign flyer 
Desafortunadamente no! 
WSJ story here 
Update: Regrets? "Market would say that...just hope people recognize hes a better person that the polling shows. 
$10 mil man Hank Greenberg on Jeb: "great job as governor...all the right instincts to be a very good president." 
UPDATE: AIG's Hank Greenberg on $10 mil to Bush super PAC: "Who knows whats going to happen? You bet on people." 
That's why I don't pack them! 
Why $ matters in Trump era: "Voters make up their minds at the last minute amp; if youre not on TV you have no chance" 
Jeb Bush won over ex AIG chief w/ his leadership during 2004-2005 hurricane spree 
Ex AIG chief joins ranks of 2016 super-sized donors, offers lifeline to Jeb Bush 
After Huck reversed position on Cuban embargo 
Whoa 
Hand of Rick Scott- not close to Bush or Rubio - obvious in Donald Trump's FL team 
Fl Gov. Rick Scott's mash note - but not endorsement - for Donald Trump 
NOT Marco Rubio's 2010 campaign slogan: "We're not going to fix America with senators and congressmen." reidepstein 
Armando Codina 1/11 $$raiser for ex-biz partner Jeb Bush. Their history shows "my own man" and dynasty csstewart 
Jeb Bush "never expected to see my precious daughter in jail...She went through hell, so did her mom, and so did I." 
Jeb Bush used to predict victory in NH. On Fox amp; Friends this morn he would only say "better than expected." 
Jeb Bush on Fox amp; Friends concedes "even the pundits are writing my campaign off." 
"It is something to consider because he is very popular" Jeb Bush tells Fox amp; Friends on whether bro George W. will campaign for him. 
Wowzer, heard Jeb tell this story a gazillion times 
Donald Trump's first TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco via PolitiFact 
Donald Trump did, in fact, place nearly $1.9 million in ads today, roughly $800,000 in NH and $1.1 mil in Iowa. 
How bout that: Just clicked on this story on Jeb Bush and saw digital version of new Donald Trump ad. 
Similar terror images in Trump 1st ad and new Bush ad obviously script very different. 
With 57 new anti-abortion laws in 2015, states pass as many limits since 2010 GOP sweep as in past 15 yrs. 
Time for us to really put pedal to the metal, says Chris Christie on homestretch heatherhaddon peternicholas3 
No election in decades has offered more cause for humility among political prognosticators, writes NKingofDC 
Trump escaped ruin by leveraging celebrity, squeezing $ from bankrupt casinos, shorting contractors, firing workers. 
Who's gonna truth squad Donald Trump's first TV ad? Will voters care? 
Late to this, so good: Obama: "Are you still doing stand up?" Eye-rolling Seinfeld: "Are you still making speeches?" 
Al Qaeda-linked group cites Donald Trump in terrorist recruiting video, reports damianpaletta 
Can Jeb Bush Make a Comeback? via WSJ 
Seeking favors from Hillary's State Dept and paying $8 mil in speaking fees to Bill JamesVGrimaldi rebeccaballhaus 
Marco Rubio's shape shifting on immigration weighs down his 2016 bid, reports poconnorWSJ laurameckler 
Fighting words from Marco Rubio: "Being president of the United States Is not like being a governor." 
NewsOne Now wisely chooses "Shots on the Bridge" as one of the best books of 2015. 
All is not lost say  old schoolers. In 2012 46 NH GOP voters made decision that day or last few days. 
Trump's rise in NH shows trend away from state-by-state nomination battle and toward natl media-driven campaign. 
"If NH goes for Trump, connecting with voters via debates and celebrity status, it is potentially fatal."  
The death of retail politics? Trump ahead in NH with fewer stops than Walker or Perry, who quit in Sept. via WSJ 
Granite State "Iowa picks corn we pick presidents" swagger wilting with polls showing Trump on top for 5 months 
Ethical questions dog Xmas wreaths charity, reports MPhillipsWSJ via WSJ 
More Jeb Bush on Trump: Says he will lose if he's the nominee and "do damage to the conservative cause." 
Jeb Bush on Donald Trump's latest vulgarities: "You have to have a level of decorum to win." 
That didn't take long. Jeb Bush just rapped Donald Trump again. 
"I promise I won't talk about Trump again," Jeb Bush says at town hall in Berlin, N,H. We shall see.... 
Jeb Bush keeping up anti-Trump tirade today in NH, calls his response in debate to ? about nuclear triad "a doozy." 
"You're a good man" said Jeb Bush to EliStokols as he ate a chicken finger off his plate at the Northland Restaurant amp; Dairy Bar in NH 
Bush has long pitched himself as problem solver not flame thrower, risks muddling message by attacking Trump. 
The evolution of Jeb Bush: from joyful tortoise to would-be Trump slayer. 
Jen Bush says he prefers town halls where no one asks about Trump, but he brought him up 3x at last event. via WSJ 
Jeb Bush said he likes town halls when he doesn't get asked about Trump. Um... 
Deck the Halls! Jeb Bush is coming to town! Alton, NH, population 5,250 
"If donors continue to sit on the sidelines, they will be party to the election of Donald Trump." 
Chris Christie: "The worst thing in a political campaign is to be ignored." heatherhaddon reports from NH. 
Where are prominent GOPers on Trump? McConnell and Ryan both deflected ?s today. Adelson called him "charming." 
Anti-Trump efforts include TV ad comparing him to a hippo and print ads from top Bush donor comparing him to Hitler. 
Leading Trump critics, Bush and Kasich, at combined 7 in natl polls. Christie and Cruz coming to his defense. 
Four months after Donald Trump leapt to top of polls, only scattershot, uncertain efforts to take him down. 
GOP establishment increasingly worried about Trump as nominee but mostly sitting on its hands. 
New super PAC crowdfunding ad -- and paying commissions! -- to to flog Donald Trump over praise from Putin 
Kickstarter meet superPAC: new anti-Trump group crowdfunding ad featuring praise from Putin 
Miami health insurer blames 162 layoffs on anti-Obamacare maneuver by Marco Rubio, reports dchangmiami 
Update: Donald Trump's campaign manager calls pro-Trump super PAC a "big-league scam." 
GOP operative Roger Stone says he left team Trump in August so new super PAC on the up and up. 
Super PAC started by Trump ally says Marco Rubio backs Obama plan to accept 100,000 Syrian refugees. Pants on Fire! 
Donald Trump speaking at 3/11 Palm Beach Cty GOP Lincoln Day is a feather in the cap of former chair Sid Dinerstein, a major Trump supporter 
Donald Trump to headline Palm Beach County Lincoln Day at -- where else? - Mar-a-Lago 4 days before March 15 FL primary 
GOP attack dog Roger Stone launches super PAC, accuses Rubio and Kasich of being in cahoots against Donald Trump. 
Donald Trump ally Roger Stone launches anti-Marco "boy-toy of billionaires" Rubio super PAC 
U.S., Cuba reach agreement to resume direct flights, reports felschwartz via WSJ 
Upended by Americas third wave of asbestos disease via PublicI 
Rubio's NY campaign announcing 30 nods from electeds and GOP leaders. Endorsements by Trump in his home state? Zero. 
In CNN interview, Jeb Bush calls Donald Trump's anti-Muslim plan "dog whistle talk." More like a bullhorn announcement. 
Politifact says Jeb Bush claim that Donald Trump said 'ISIS was not our fight' 2 months ago: "Mostly True" 
Jeb Bush really fumbled closing, if he's lucky voters have tuned out.Why does former gov, commanding GOP figure in FL look so nervous? 
Regretting positive Jeb tweet MT bterris If I tweet something awesome about Rubio's debate performance, can I be featured in a blast email? 
I assume someone is counting the number of times non-Trump candidates say the word "serious." 
Jeb Bush, on a roll tonight, brings immigration debate back to attack against Obama's failure to solve the problem. 
Rubio avoids ? whether he still supports path to citizenship = Cruz avoids ? what to do with illegal immigrants living in U.S. 
Marco Rubio finally gets a direct question about his 2013 immigration bill in a debate. He has practiced his response, many many times. 
Jeb Bush finally pulls off a joke! "I don't know whether's that's Saturday morning or Sunday morning," he says of TV shows Trump watches. 
Robbee Brown cant wait to caucus for Donald Trump, if only she knew how. reidepstein on the ground in Nevada. 
7 of 11 Politifact finalists for "Lie of the Year" came from Donald Trump or Ben Carson. ttps://www.surveymonkey.com/r/2015loty 
Make America Awesome super PAC selling "Dump Trump," er, undergarments 
Jeff Sessions - Marco Rubio's old nemesis on immigration reform - undercuts anti-Obamacare victory lap sbustosAP 
Make America Awesome (American is already great) super PAC launches to try to stop Donald Trump. 
Make America Awesome super PAC now accepting anti-Trump $ via LizMair, "unconventional and cost-effective tactics." 
George W. Bush on Jeb's natl finance team conference call Friday. I hear he sounds just like Will Ferrell. 
Kasich campaign and New Day for America super PAC in sync with new online hits on Trump announced 20 minutes apart this morning. 
Inside Ben Carson's small-dollar fundraising machine. "We didnt have Jeb Bushs Rolodex." levinecarrie 
Catching up to Will Ferrell as George W. Bush: "Rubio and Cruz. Sounds like a Miami law firm. If you've been injured on the job..." 
New Rubio ad laments "all of us who feel out of place in our own country...millions with traditional values branded bigots and haters." 
Politifact: Ben Carson is biggest liar of 2016. Exhibit H in WSJ by markmaremont csstewart 
Early  to hookjan who is bogarting page one of the WSJ for the third day in a row. 
Ohmigod 
Karl Rove: Donald Trump is the Democrats dream nominee via WSJ 
Four Years Later, FEC Fines a Super PAC for Running a Mitt Romney Ad 
"A gift from the socialist gods" in the form of a cranky 74-year-old from Vermont. Give it up for peternicholas3. 
The hidden legacy of 70 years of atomic weaponry? At least 33,480 Americans dead  via McClatchyDC 
THIRTEEN Reps qualified by ystrdy deadline for VA ballot - one of the toughest because need so many sigs. 2nd h/t of the day to Rick Hohlt. 
Leading the ballot race: Cruz is on 40, Carson 31, Bush 27, Trump 26, Kasich 21, Rubio/Christie 20...h/t to ballot tracker Rick Hohlt. 
Warren Buffett goes to bat for Hillary Clinton on Wall Street via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush super PAC TV ad calls Donald Trump "impulsive and reckiess." Radio ad throws in "offensive." 
Jeb Bush super PAC doubling down on attack ads 
New anti-Trump salvo from Bush supporter/Miami billionaire Mike Fernandez more subtle than ad w/ Hitler comparison 
NYC chair: Trump's anti-Muslim plans "diametrically opposed to the principles" of GOP but disinclined to boot him. 
No NY GOP endorsements for Trump so far. We dont tell the press and our opponents everything that were doing, 
Pete King: Ive never considered Donald Trump part of the Republican Party in New York...an entity unto himself. 
Trump gave more $ to NY Dems and left GOP rolls 2X. But record turnout at rare local party fundraisers. 
A couple of NY Republicans want to kick Donald Trump out of the party. His response: "Goodbye, Beth, goodbye." 
Trump doubts Netanyahu really disagrees w/ Muslim ban but nixed trip bc "in the midst of a very powerful campaign. 
In a room for three hours with 29 voters with varying degrees of love for Trump via WSJPolitics 
Muslim Americans struggle to follow lead of Hispanics, Jews and Christians to build political clout. 
19 of 29 pro- and mostly pro-Trump Republicans in Frank Luntz focus group would vote for him as indie if Rubio was GOP nom, HRC as Dem nom. 
At Frank Luntz focus group of 29 current and ex Trump supporters, only 3 say Obama is Christian, only 4 says loves US, 8 say not born in US. 
Jeb Bush super PAC filing complaint with FEC against Trump for using corporate legal team for campaign. (2/2) 
Jeb Bush super PAC v. Trump: Trump atty threatens suit over anti-Trump ad. Super PAC says have you heard of the 1st Amendment? And BTW (1/2) 
Dubai retailer stops selling Trump products. "Trump is the brand and the brand is now irretrievably tainted. 
Actually that was Laura sobbing RT reidepstein But, I have to say, there was a loud round of applause when laurameckler changed desks. 
Blurred lines btwn super PAC, Ted Cruz campaign, reports rebeccaballhaus 
Jeb super PAC gunning for $20 mil. "Many donors will be pleased to see this open up a new phase of the campaign." 
Top donor on anti-Trump ad: "You dont throw a doughnut at a New York loudmouth. You hit him with a two by four. 
Here's the Jeb Bush super PAC ad airing tmrw in early states amp; Fox, 1st using images of both Paris amp; San Bernardino. 
Ken Lipper, ex-deputy mayor of NYC, hosting Jeb Bush fundraiser on Wednesday. Ticket price: optional. 
Anti-Trump super PAC underway - and that was BEFORE he called for banning Muslim immigrants. via WSJPolitics 
So governor, would you still support Trump if he's the GOP nominee? Still think he'd be better president than HRC? 
Would be interesting to be a fly on the wall at fundraiser for Jeb Bush headlined by George W. in New Orleans today. 
"Where it All Began" event in West Miami for Marco Rubio about to start. 
Only in Miami: A shot of Cuban coffee before Marco Rubio campaign event. Muy sabroso! 
Four favorite words in my newsroom: Nachos Thursday is ready! 
Jeb Bush super PAC sweetening ad buys by $7.3 million in IA, NH, and Fox News cable 
No "J" in Hebrew so I guess he goes by "Geb" today. 
Lindsey Graham is mad as hell and hes not going to take it anymore, reports reidepstein from RJC. via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush's fragile hold on pro-Israel GOPers: "A huge chunk of this crowd will be up for grabs." poconnorWSJ 
Team Jeb touts leadership during Hurricane Ivan - in 2004. "I dont care what he did in Florida," says Iowa voter. 
"I give him credit for coming out," says one IA voter - who is headed to Trump rally on Sat. via WSJ 
Donors say Jeb Bush super PAC will raise gt; $20 mil in 2nd half of 2015 but will they see return on their investment? 
"I feel like we're living underwater." CoralMDavenport 
C. Boyden Gray, hosting Jeb fundraiser Thurs: "You cant say for certain hes going to win but hes getting better." 
Jeb still relying on assumptions that $, endorsements amp; experience matter despite Trumps success w/o any of that. 
"I just think this isn't his year," said one IA voter about Jeb Bush. "It's nothing personal. 
$30 million in TV ads leaves Jeb Bush a blip in the polls and facing a slow-moving buffet line in Goose Lake, IA 
"Low energy?" Jeb Bush campaign has 16 fundraisers in 13 cities over 9 days this month in end-of-year push. 
FL Ag Commish Adam Putnam (future gov?) introducing Jeb Bush in Dubuque, IA. "I wore the only warm clothes I have that are not camouflage." 
CC: Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush 
Jeb Bush gets in on Miami's Art Basel action: Invite to donors by Romero Britto. 
In Iowa, Jeb Bush invokes his unpopular efforts to prolong the life of severely brain-damaged Terri Schiavo when he was FL gov. 
Jeb Bush in IA describes "two competing sets of pessimism," one for Dems and the other says "the end is near, that everyone is an idiot." 
There's something about driving past Iowa's open spaces that makes me long for all-Xmas radio. Currently playing 'Baby It's Cold Outside.' 
Site of failed Trump Tower Tampa sold to new developers for $12.1 million via TB_Times 
Marco Rubio, career politician who plays a political outsider on TV. poconnorWSJ ByronTau via WSJ 
NSA to end phone program despite calls for extension damianpaletta via WSJ 
Slovakian shop believed to be a source of guns in two French terror attacks via WSJ 
Three dead after shooting at Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood via WSJ 
Kentucky, Beacon for Health Law, Now a Lab for Its Retreat abbygoodnough 
Reporter Who Forced Release of Laquan McDonald Video Is Barred From News Event 
Proposed mosque in VA becomes target of post-Paris anti-Muslim backlash. "Nobody wants your evil cult." noahbierman 
New campaign talking pts: After last debate, new book and natl security speech, "Jeb Bush has gained momentum in this race in recent weeks." 
George W. and Laura Bush headlining 12/7 lunch for Jeb in New Orleans, reports SFpartytime 
A Syrian refugees long journey to the U.S. via WSJ 
Kentucky Governor Restores Voting Rights to Thousands of Felons 
Jeb Bush vows in SC to move US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jersusalem -- promise brother George W. also made but didn't 
Mostly Latino workers at the CA factory that makes the Donald Trump hats. Were not political. Were here to work." 
Donald Trump heads to Sarasota on Sat and announces 4 hires in FL, his second home/office outside of NY 
Jeb Bush headed to IA next wk polling at 4 says Quinnipiac. 
Fear and loathing among Republicans in the heartland, lesleyclark on the ground in Iowa 
2004 bill backed by Jeb Bush died quickly. 
TALKING TURKEY:) Ex-WH COS Josh Bolten and advisor Sally Bradshaw updating Bush alums on Jeb campaign in tele-town hall day after Txgiving. 
How a young woman turned from drugs and parties to terrorism via WSJ 
Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian sentenced to prison in Iran via WSJ 
Only in 2016: Donor "100 behind Jeb Bush" but giving to pro-Kasich super PAC for anti-Trump ads. 
Donald Trump on running as independent: "Well, well see what happens." 
Baltimore police union footing bill for officers in Freddie Grays death, reports scottmcalvert via WSJ 
Accused mastermind of J.P. Morgan hack a product of Israels Internet underbelly via WSJ 
"Bush is a stiff." Donald Trump lets it rip with WSJ edit board. 
Interesting take on WSJ story 
Back story 
Trump Card LLC aims to unite donors from rival camps into a single anti-Trump force. With hookjan via WSJ 
Re "guerilla campaign" by LizMair, Trump says "She worked for Scott Walker and lost her job--- who can blame her?" 
Stealth attack group called Trump Card LLC brought you by lizmair, therickwilson and some dark money. W/ hookjan 
Anti-Trump attacks based on its outrageousness and boundary-breaking or bizarre nature, says memo obtained by WSJ 
New anti-Trump group considering ads linking him to nemesis Rosie O'Donnell just to provoke him. 
GOP operative planning "guerilla campaign" backed by secret donors to destroy Donald Trump. With hookjan 
LA gov race pits distaste for prostitute patron against distaste for Obama that's wiped out Dems in the South 
More Mexicans leaving U.S. to go home than arriving here, ending largest immigration wave in modern U.S. history. 
Akkk forgot to tweet pic of Trump brandishing poll  from breast pocket CC: marcacaputo 
Jeb Bush sets bar for GOP field, calls for 40K more troops, 4K marines via WSJ 
Both Ds and Rs have dim view of Muslims, rate them about the same as atheists, but R view even more negative 
Marco Rubio: "9999 of them are innocent people fleeing oppression and one of them is a well-trained ISIS fighter." 
GOP govs slam door on Syrian refugees, fearing terrorist ties, reports byrontau kristinapet via WSJ 
What a diff a yr makes: from Jeb Bush "lose the primary to win the general" to Marco Rubio taking hard line on immigration.  
Many terror victims in Paris were young people reveling in a lively, culturally diverse city. via WSJ 
GOP swings from natl party embracing comprehensive immigration reform to Donald Trump sounding alarm on mosques. 
Paris attacks ramp up anti-immigrant rhetoric in GOP aiming to be more "welcoming and inclusive." via WSJ 
If only! 
Trump isn't trespassing on Rubio/Bush turf In FL - it's his biggest real estate empire outside of NY 
Beirut, Also the Site of Deadly Attacks, Feels Forgotten 
Favorite details in Spotlight: the dead rat, the door knocking, the copy machine closing at 4, the "Do you mind if I take some notes?" 
Paris tragedy helps GOP 2016ers w/ experience make their case, mixed bag for HRC peternicholas3 via WSJ 
"To create press buzz for Trumps presidential campaign, cocktail party braggadocio and negotiating leverage..." 
FL atty who sued Trump: "He's not as different from career politicians who I personally believe are untrustworthy." 
Trump tells WSJ: What setbacks in real estate market? I'm going to win the Hispanic vote! 
"By all measures, Florida should be Jeb or Marco territory, but it feels like its Donald Trumps time." 
Asked about leading Bush and Rubio in FL, Trump tells WSJ: "Im not leading them. Im trouncing them," pulls out  
Donald Trump, looking like the adopted favorite against two native sons in FL, begins campaign from scratch. 
That didn't take long. New 2016 ad - the first? - based on Paris attacks. 
Kasich only talking Paris attacks. "Its really not a day of politics or promoting a candidacy. I wouldnt be comfortable with that today." 
Pointing to Paris attacks, GOP 2016ers with elected experience double down on argument that can't elect freshman senator like Barack Obama. 
Even the day after Paris attacks, Rand Paul resistant to increasing military spending, says natl debt makes U.S. weak.  
Rand Paul on HRC and Benghazi: "By her dereliction of duty, she should forever be precluded from being commander in chief."  
Rand Paul: "Your senator in fact opposed me" on border amendment to immigration bill. Says "secret" deal btwn Marco Rubio and Chuck Schumer. 
Bobby Jindal :"Youve got to kill evil terrorists before they come over here and kill us first."  
Bobby Jindal: "If someone doesn't want to be an American, don't come to America."  
Bobby Jindal calls Donald Trump's anti-Carson rant "insane" and says, "Folks, there is a line we should not cross."  
FL GOP committeewoman Sharon Day: "Hillary Clinton is a liar."  
Paris Attacks: Shootings and Explosions Leave City on Edge 
GOP presidential race turns nasty as insider-outsider rivalries crystallize poconnorwsj hookjan reidepstein 
Too far in anti-Carson Iowa rant? Donald Trump tells WSJ: Not only no regrets, everyone agrees with what I said." 
Ben Carson on govt intervention in Schiavo case: "I dont think it needed to get to that level. I think it was much ado about nothing." 
Obamas Statement on the Paris Attacks via WSJPolitics 
Donald Trump to FL GOP in Orlando: "I'm right down the road in Palm Beach...I speak for 20 mins and then I get the hell outta here." 
Trump: "We're going to get the bad dudes out were going to build that wall and we're going to take people here illegally amp; move them out." 
Jeb Bush: "I can win this because I've campaigned all across this state and all across this country with my arms wide open."  
Jeb Bush: "Its good to be among winners....Evem though there are more Democrats than Republicans in this state we win."  
Sign o' the times: Outside group backing Ben Carson, not campaign, at FL GOP event. 
Ted Cruz t-shirts moving after fiery speech to FL GOP.  
Ted Cruz deliverers rarer red meat than Marco Rubio and crowd reacts accordingly with hoots and hollers.  
Cruz: "FL can play a decisive role in ensuring that the next Rep nom for pres is a strong conservative." By strong conservative he means... 
Ted Cruz brags about having the most cash on hand in GOP field. "That is the power of the grassroots."  
Striking to see Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz back to back, both staunch conservatives but Cruz so much more hyperbolic.  
Ted Cruz of the IRS:" "We need to padlock that building, take all 90,000 and put them down on our southern border."  
Ted Cruz says by the end of his two terms in the White House "a whole lot of reporters...will have checked themselves into therapy." Um... 
Marco Rubio says he's first candidate to sign paperwork to be on FL ballot. "They asked me to bring my ID."  
Whatever happened to the Jeb! Bush we used to know? via sharethis 
Ladies and gentleman, the dean of the Florida press corps 
Laying down stakes in the Sunshine State. 
Amid immigration wars of 2016, Dick Cheney urges Fl GOPers to build bridges to Hispanic voters. 
Atty for Jeb Bush super PAC drags Hillary Clinton into FEC debate over blurred lines 
Marco Rubio with a target on his back 
Atty for Jeb Bush super PAC wades into FEC debate over blurred lines 
Always start the day with caffeine and the WSJ 
Marco Rubio, sitting US Sen and ex-FL House boss, cites "attacks...from Hillary and the Democrats and Establishment Republicans" in $ appeal 
2008 financial crisis unleashed potent, populist strain roiling volatile GOP primary, eportsNickTimiraos. 
Jeb Bush on WSJ headline: Struggles to regroup? he asked, reading aloud w/ a snort. What are you talking about? 
If you don't know my extraordinary storytelling friend andreaaskowitz, you will someday. Check out her new podcast: 
The Milwaukee airport has come up with a great name for the spot where you put your shoes and belt back on. 
Send Marco Rubio a copy of Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance to feed his obsession with welders v. philosophers. 
Ex-Bush White House counsel C. Boyden Gray hosting 12/3 fundraiser for Jeb Bush in DC, two dozen members of Congress on host committee. 
A Sculpture With Something to Say Lands in Brooklyn Bridge Park 
Marco Rubio campaign says unaware that ethically challenged pal David Rivera at last night's debate. No word from Rivera on how he got tix. 
Jen Bush campaign post- debate talking point: "This race is a process...We have been going through a time of testing..." 
Oy 
If Donald Trump accomplished anything, it was forging a connection with henpecked husbands: "Why does she keep interrupting everybody?" 
Donald Trump returning $4 million in donations? "I dont have to give you a web site because I am self-funding my campaign." 
Gotta give Marco Rubio credit for rhetorical consistency -- he's been giving versions of this American Dream speech for years and years. 
Oh, the happy dance in Marco Rubio's head when lobbed the question of his dreams about Hillary Clinton's experience! 
Money quote? "It's my turn," Jeb Bush told John Kasich when he tried to steal his debate time. 
Chris Christie takes undercard lemons and makes lemonade, writes hookjan via WSJ 
I think you mean US1. A1A is a sweet ride. 
What's up w/ Marco Rubio's petty charges on FL GOP Am Ex-$5.02, $5.03 at gas stations? learyreports patriciamazzei 
Hahahaha 
Using balloon metaphor, Newt Gingrich says bad debate by Jeb Bush would be one more step toward deflation. 
MI drawler Haley Barbour says 1-min jabs not Jeb forte. "Takes me more than 1 min to say hello, so Im sympathetic" 
For Jeb Bush, every debate billed as the most important of his presidential campaign. Time to believe the hype. 
In AL "Bush wasnt able to find a full slate of delegates to run on the ballot by Fridays deadline" MichaelCBender 
This video is painful to watch. Could someone pls explain to me why protestors would be so hostile to media? 
Asked if Carson or Trump could win general, Scott Walker punts, says any GOP candidate better than Hillary Clinton.  
Scott Walker says GOP nom needs to be a "reformer" to win in WI, which hasn't voted R for president since 1984.  
Scott Walker on GOP pack: "It's probably one of the most powerful, talented fields we've had since 1980."  
Who will be the next ex-candidate sitting in the chair at these kinds of events?  
"At one point in that debate it felt like being on the Jerry Springer show," says Scott Walker at  event in Milwaukee 
Scott Walker on limits of super PACs: "You've got to have a good product that people are looking for."  
Husband says he's buying me a new car today. "Stick shift or bust, baby!" he says. Good luck hon! 
Nooooo 
T. Boone Pickens, who held $raiser for Fiorina and said he would give to Carson, joins Jeb Bush's TX leadership team 
Sorry Jeb, they're just not that into you, writes Dchinni 
Richard Corcoran, new Jeb Bush ally amp; freewheeling FL GOP Am Ex-er, once called Marco Rubio's speakership "Camelot." 
Also confusing: Rubio says pavers and family reunion on FL GOP Am Ex was "mistake" but used card dozens of times. 
Hard to distinguish btwn Rubio's personal and political expenses on FL GOP tab - $6.19 at Burger King? poconnorWSJ 
When Marco Rubio wavered on Senate bid, guess who urged him to stay in race? 
Is Florida still Bush country? Of the 4.4 mil GOPers, 48 came on rolls since 2002. 
Rivalry btwn Jen Bush and Marco Rubio escalates from political to personal. With poconnorWSJ 
Bucket list: Drinking maccchiatos with mviser at Profile Coffee in Portsmouth, which he describes as best coffeehouse in NH. 
Jeb laments can't e-mail WH press like FL: "You cant have the give and take with Gary Fineout about recurring and non-recurring spending." 
Climbing aboard! 
"That's a sign of weakness, to say forging consensus is a bad thing?" asks Jeb Bush in NH. 
More Jeb in NH: If I'm president I don't start with premise that people who disagree w me are bad people...they might be wrong." 
"I don't really care about Deflategate," Jeb Bush says in response to question in NH. "I'd take Brady any day of the week." 
Jeb in NH: "I see a problem and I feel a duty to try to fix it. Wouldn't you want a president" like that? 
Jeb in NH says "my peeps" in FL were children and elders 
Jeb Bush foreign policy/nat sec advisers Robert Karem and John Noonan mtg w/ DC supporters today. 
Whoa 
Hey look who's on tv AND Twitter 
What GOP voters like (a little) and don't like (a lot) about Jeb Bush. poconnorwsj breaks down the numbers. 
Jeb Bush's fix-it bus tour through NH, via emmarcourt 
Trump repeats anti-Rubio attack today in NH: He has a disaster on his credit cards. 
Marco Rubio defends use of FL GOP Am Ex 
Donald Trump Tweets a Picture of Jeb Bush Next to a Swastika via nbcnews 
GOP win in KY could mean dismantling of biggest effort to implement Obamacare in the country, reports perrybaconjr 
Election 2015 Highlights: Who Won, Who Lost? via WSJPolitics 
Marco Rubio hasn't disclosed two years of FL GOP Am Ex spending, reports learyreports 
What We Think About When We Run via kathrynschulz 
Yowzers 
He did! 
Early  to emmarcourt who is hitting the road with JebBush in New Hampshire this week. 
Is Trump a more effective critic of Rubio than Bush? 
Bush, Clinton benefit from lobbying gray area in reporting fundraising by influence peddlers 
Check out full-page photo on NYT sports section front that so brilliantly captures pain of Mets fans. Print is dead/long live print! 
Good point! 
Flashback: new Marco Rubio ally CO Sen. Cory Gardner on his immigration bill: "It doesn't focus on border security." 
Hey Florida peeps: Mark your calendars 11/15-11/22 for the Miami Book Fair and don't miss this one particular author 
U.S. to send Special Forces to Syria via WSJ 
FOJs (Friends of Jeb) asked to join unsteady candidate on campaign trail. 
Post widely panned debate, ex front runner stumps next to "Jeb can fix it" sign. Can he? /laurameckler 
Hmmm...No new posts since the debate by Jeb Bush super PAC on IsMarcoWorking 
Tough act to follow? George W. headlining fundraiser for Jeb in DC today. 
More Bush spokesman Tim Miller on CNN: "Marco's been in the Senate for six years and he hasn't done anything." 
Bush spokesman Tim Miller on CNN: "This campaign isn't going to be won and lost by debates in October." 
RNC chair: "Performance by the CNBC moderators was extremely disappointing and did a disservice to their network our candidates and voters." 
When Huck says he's wearing a Donald Trump tie, Jeb Bush chimes in: "Made in China or Mexico?" 
As Jeb Bush talks about lowering tax rates, graphic on screen says he worked at Lehman and Barclays, omits gov of FL. 
Inbox: "If you want to re-watch Marco's take down of the GOP establishment, the liberal media, and Jeb Bush's campaign, watch it here." 
ICYM the Bush-Rubio scrap, the helpful people at the Bush campaign have sent links to inboxes: "French work week vs. real accomplishments." 
Primaries w/i the primary heat up before tonight's debate: Trump-Carson and Bush-Rubio. With hookjan 
Probably old news but news to me: former VP Dick Cheney headlining FL GOP dinner on 11/12, eve of "Sunshine Summit" for 2016ers. 
All this fuss about Marco Rubio missing votes recalls classic ad in 2006 FL gov race - when Charlie Crist was an R 
Jeb Bush's super PAC is throwing pre-debate punches with new Twitter feed ismarcoworking and says "The answer is...probably not." 
Jeb Bush to campaign Mon in Tampa, Orlando amp; Jacksonville as he releases e-book about gubernatorial tenure based on e-mail correspondence. 
In fundraising appeal, Jeb Bush says that in tonight's debate he will share his ideas "to upend Washington and take the fight to ISIS." 
Jeb Bush supporter and ex Fl GOP Chair Al Cardenas says Marco Rubio should resign from the Senate. 
Ex FL GOP boss AL Cardenas on Rubio: "difficult to justify staying on the job while not fulfilling responsibilities 
"Rand Pauls presidential campaign was doing a lousy job of playing dead this week..." Great lede daveweigel 
Jeb Bush doing post-debate Meet the Press on Sunday. Bet he'll be asked about this 
Jeb Bush's gets three thumbs up and two thumbs down on econ benchmarks JimTankersley ranks govs running in 2016 
Must read by ground-breaking reporter on nexus between climate change and politics 
More Trump from Morning Joe on super PAC shenanigans: "The FEC is not doing anything about it." 
Trump cites WSJ SPACS story on Morning Joe: "They're running the campaigns because these guys don't have any money." 
Barbara Bush's "cooking," Sept. 11th and other top ten moments from the George W-Jeb Bush event today in Houston 
Barbara Bush 2013: "We've had enough Bushes." Barbara Bush 2015: "Jeb is going to be the next president." csstewart 
In rare joint appearance by ex- amp; would-be presidents, George W. shows humor, ease Jeb often lacks. With csstewart 
Jeb Bush has been milking TX GOP, since 1993, but Ted Cruz now nominates the Lone Star donor base. With csstewart 
Dueling Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz events in Houston reflect broader fight for GOP's heart and soul via WSJPolitics 
Ted Cruz steps on Jeb Bush donor retreat in Houston, laying claim to TX GOP and 2016 nom. W/ csstewart 
Cruz is holding a press conference at his Houston headquarters at same time Jeb Bush's campaign is briefing donors at a hotel six miles away 
Cruz brags about outraising Jeb in TX, says if suggested that months ago "you would have laughed at me at loud...that is positively nuts." 
Bush, Rubio, Christie have all gone to SPAC events since becoming candidates, w/ csstewart 
Jeb Bush went from attending SPAC events as potential candidate to official candidate billed as "special guest." 
SPAC host's disclaimer re Jeb: "He doesnt even have a seat at the table because he doesnt get to stay for dinner. 
Exclusive details on candidates esp Jeb Bush headlining super PAC events and 
"I will be exiting stage left," Jeb Bush told super PAC donors in Nantucket, in nod to coordination ban. 
Jeb Bush often attends super PAC events skedded right after campaign receptions at nearby he or in same hotel 
Jeb Bush has been going to back-to-back campaign and super PAC fundraisers since June, w csstewart 
Exclusive details from inside Jeb Bush super PAC fundraiser w/ csstewart and more here 
What else could go wrong for Jeb? Headed to Houston, facing flash floods as "most dangerous storm in history" nears 
Now I've seen everything: Gov. Rick Scott's 2010 campaign manager, Susie Wiles. to co-chair Donald Trump's campaign in FL. 
Jeb Bush's biggest expenses in last 3 mos: $1.6 million on payroll, $922,000 on air charter via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush heads to family reunion in Houston amid staff cuts and lukewarm support from dynasty donors 
In sign of flagging enthusiasm for Jeb Bush, even George W. top donors disengaged, fractured. via WSJ 
As small donations elude Jeb Bush, half of George W. bundlers on fence, 15 with rivals via WSJ 
As Jeb heads to TX for fam reunion, 1/2 Bush Rangers on fence, 15 w/ rivals, reports csstewart rebeccaballhaus 
emmarcourt 
Whoa 
Underestimate Florida's newest congressional candidate, Charlie Crist, at your peril. From my Fl archives. 
Victims of police misconduct in Baltimore agree to gag orders to get $$$ settlements, reports scottmcalvert 
For Offenders Who Can'tPay, It's a Pint of Blood or Jail Time 
More bad news for Jeb Bush in new WSJ/NBC News poll: 44 voters rule him out, more than 36 who can't abide Trump 
Jeb Bush has fallen from 22 to 8 in WSJ/NBC News poll, behind Marco Rubio, reports hookjan via WSJ 
Not at Natl Summit on Education Reform Thurs: Jeb Bush. 2014: "Rigor of the Common Core St Standards must be the new minimum in classrooms." 
Ballot business: Jeb Bush campaign was collecting sigs in Aug in DELAWARE for Feb. deadline, reports emmarcourt 
"I'm good. I'm hungry, but I'm good." Larry David is better at Bernie Sanders than Bernie Sanders. 
Inbox: Chip in just $1 right now...win a free trip to Houston to meet Jeb, Columba, George HW Bush, Barbara Bush and George W. Bush. 
Coal Barons Trial May Hinge on His Secretly Recorded Conversations 
Marco Rubio rounds up/pumps up his bottom line, reports poconnorwsj via WSJPolitics 
Inbox: Governor Charlie Crist will make a major announcement Tuesday morning in St. Petersburg around 10:30 AM. 
Cameos by my intrepid colleague csstewart, author of Jungleland, in this Natl Geo doc around 14- and 16-min marks 
Jeb Bush has a big small donor problem, report rebeccaballhaus via WSJPolitics 
Yowza 
Rihanna and Mick Jagger party as gold-rush mood grips Havana via YahooNews 
Jeb Bush Paid High Tax Rate (Again) in 2014 via WSJPolitics 
MT nickconfessore What's the transparency value of disclosing your bundlers if you won't say how much they raised? 
Jeb Bush Has $10.3 Million on Hand, As Fundraising Slowed via WSJPolitics 
More than half of Jeb Bush's 228-member Natl Hisp Leadership Team from FL and TX, ICYMI Rubio and Cruz 
MaryEllenKlas reports on $ troubles at FL GOP, far cry from heydays under Jeb Bush 
In New Hampshire, Rubio and Bush are in a zero sum game, reports JamesPindell via BostonGlobe 
How Trump blurs the lines btwn Trump Inc. and Trump 2016 katyodonnell 
RT maggieNYT Marco moving into Jeb country - Connecticut - with donors  
Important Update from Jeb Bush campaign on FEC filing day. 
Jeb Bush campaign tracking $75K, $150K, $175K amp; $250K raisers but won't detail in bundler release. W/ csstewart 
Another donor hearing of Jeb Bush's $17.6K bundler threshold: "Doesn't that mean every knucklehead will be on list?" 
HRC has 100K Hillblazers. Jeb redefines bundlers at 17.6K. With csstewart 
Donor hearing of Jeb Bush's $17,600 bundler threshold: "Isn't that the Manhattan phone book?" 
Jeb Bush to be 1st GOP 2016er to release bundlers-but obscuring big money makers w/ $17,600 baseline. W/ csstewart 
Should Wall St bad guys go to jail? Marco Rubio "not necessarily a person who's looking for that." JohnJHarwood 
Hillary Clinton looks more at ease on debate stage than I have seen her this entire campaign. 
Striking contrast between Hillary Clinton's many references to becoming first woman president in this race compared to 2008 election 
HRC: "I never took a position on Keystone until I took a position on Keystone." Enough said. 
Hillary Clinton singles out Lehman Brothers -- JebBush are you watching? 
Tough Hillary Clinton, on stage as "progressive who likes to get things done," recalls Tina Fey-Amy Poehler moment 
GOP fundraiser backing Jeb Bush inviting potential supporters to private reception to meet the candidate -- for free. 
Hillary Clinton aims to secure front-runner status w/ debate skillz, big money amp; Katy Perry, reports peternicholas3 
GeraldFSeib points to demographic shifts to explain political chaos. via WSJ 
Sad 
Jeb Bush wants to end Obamacare and let states deal w/ pre-existing conditions and Medicaid, reports louiseradnofsky 
Amid "Spotlight" hoopla, public serv Pulitzer submissions down 59 over 25 yrs, newsrooms cut one-third since 2001 
Great sweep and punch in this story by hookjan and poconnorwsj on the GOP meltdown via WSJ 
If conservatives want the most conservative president, they should get behind Jeb Bush 
Civil and Human Rights Coalition Condemns Jeb Bush Opposition to Voting Rights Act via civilrightsorg 
God's country! stevebousquet George_LeMieux edpozz ShaneStrum ChipLaMarca 
Jeb Bush likely doubled Marco Rubio's 6 million haul in third quarter via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush says Marco Rubio made a "bad decision" by opposing President Obama's efforts to attack Syria 2 yrs ago. 
"I've never worked in Washington. It's just not part of my DNA" says Jeb. "I'm going to tell that story...will yield a rising candidacy." 
Asked biggest mistake in leadership, Jeb Bush says "not continuing to advocate" for affirmative action ban as FL gov instead of next issue. 
Jeb Bush: "Youre looking at maybe the only candidate that got a majority of the Hispanic vote." 
Jeb Bush in Iowa defends affirmative action ban as FL gov. "It was not based on pushing down somebody...on any discriminatory policies." 
Jeb Bush no longer defends Common Core, only says he's for higher standards and that the federal government should have no role. 
Woman asks about making less $ than male peers. Jeb Bush: "There should be parity and there are laws on the books to enforce that." 
Should an employer be able to fire an LGBT employee? Jeb Bush: "No." 
Jeb Bush: "Weve had a 10 reduction in carbon emissions in the last decade and it had nothing to do with the govt. That upsets the left." 
"You will never meet somebody with the integrity of Dan Webster," says Jeb Bush, though he says he won't get in the middle of Speaker race 
"We cant rely on the really loud voices. We cant rely on untested people." -- Jeb Bush in Indianola. Wonder who he's talking about... 
Here's Jeb Bush in IA coming out against reauthorizing Voting Rights Act 
Only in IA: Met several Dems at Jeb Bush event who like to hear ALL candidates. "He's the least crazy of all the Rs" said retiree Al Flyr. 
Jeb asked about Marco says he's a "huge fan...I got to work with himhe got to work with me, maybe thats a better way of saying it." 
Jeb Bush's opposition to re-authorization of VRA likely to interest HRC, who has criticized ex FL gov for flawed purges of voter rolls 
In IA, Jeb Bush says he opposes reauthorizing Voting Rights Act, it "provides regulations on top of states as if we were living in 1960." 
On day 3 in Iowa, Jeb continues to extol energy sector but still no talk of plan to phase out ethanol subsidies in state where corn is king. 
Meet the "disruptor." His last name is Bush, via WSJ 
And one more memorable John Kasich on the campaign trail moment! 
How did I miss this? 
Checked Jeb Bush quote re HRC: "She wants to require everybody to have solar panels on their roofs, even in places where there's no sun." 
The most awesome coffee house in America: Smokey Row in Oskaloosa has plugs in coffee pots mounted on the wall! 
Jeb Bush on HRC emails: "She's not capable of being totally forthright about the situation." 
Jeb Bush says of his 91-yr-old dad in a wheelchair: "My candidacy has lifted his spirits." 
Jeb Bush says HRC wants to require everyone to have solar panels on their roofs "even if there's no sun." Huh? 
Variation on "stuff happens": Jeb Bush lamenting pain killer addiction says "We ought to recognize that pain does happen." 
"I've never lived in Washington, never been part of Washington. I just have the skills to disrupt the beast" - Jeb Bush in Iowa 
Jeb Bush: if the election were held in first week of October, I'd say 'uh oh.'" Says voters need to learn about his record. 
Jeb Bush in Muscatine IA says Obama had no authority to grant "amnesty" to Dream Act kids. 
Jeb Bush in IA: "This president has been wrong on foreign policy and his former sec of state would the third term of a bad foreign policy." 
Jeb Bush in IA keeping up veiled swipe at vote-misser Marco Rubio: "We should cut the pay of elected officials that dont show up to work." 
Amen brother RT reidepstein Everybody  bethreinhard, doing the Lord's work by chasing Jeb! across Iowa this week 
It's club soda, people! reidepstein learyreports AmandaBecker KSoltisAnderson edatpost evale72 
Gotten me through many a county GOP Reagan dinner 
Strangely, no bidders yet on Scott Walker book at Scott County GOP silent auction 
Hoping Jeb Bush rides this into the Scott County GOP dinner in Bettendorf. 
Best moment of the day 
And me. And MichaelCBender and EliStokols. 
Jeb Bush heads to Iowa as Club for Growth touts own poll saying views of Donald Trump are deteriorating 
Marco Rubio was an uber booster of the sharing economy way back in the day 
Confusion lingers around issue Rubio would prefer to avoid 
Ben Carson plugged dietary supplement maker charged with false advertising, reports MarkMaremont 
Sometimes, "stuff happens" to Jeb Bush on the campaign trail 
Ted Cruz could have been a Miami cubanito, reports PatriciaMazzei 
Shes not the butt of the joke. Shes in on the joke, says Hillary pollster about SNL gig, reports laurameckler 
Bush family fundraising spree in October - 29 events in 31 days 
John Kasich responds to oppo reseachers in Ohio library, calls Jeb Bush an "administrator" as opposed to a "leader." 
Bush super PAC on booted tracker: "We're collecting routine, issue-based research on all the candidates in the race." 
Secret-money group behind Marco Rubio dropped mailer in Iowa that says he will defund Planned Parenthood. 
Jeb Bush allies camped out at Ohio library to dig up dirt on John Kasich 
Hey JebBush and marcorubio - realDonaldTrump has hired a state director in Florida. 2nd thoughts in FL GOP about winner-take-all move? 
Why Ticket Brokers Hate the Miami Dolphins via WSJ 
Cuban immigrants cashing in on U.S. welfare and returning to the island 
Donald Trump has less room to expand his support than any other Republican in the race, reports poconnorwsj 
Rubio campaign boots Bush-backing tracker from Iowa event 
Counterpoint by Jeb Bush at NH town hall: "We're duty bound to provide support." 
Who would have thought Ben Carson would outraise Jeb Bush? Yet another twist in a campaign chock full of em 
Remember - Jeb Bush expected to release his bundlers in Oct. $50,000 gets you into Houston retreat w/ 41 and 43. 
Jeb Bush to beat Q2 (15 days) haul of $11.4 million in Q3 (3 mos). Some donors will :). But outraised by Ben Carson! 
Jeb Bush tapped this Oklahoma AG cozy w- energy lobbyists tapped for campaign leadership role 
Jeb Bush's slump and Donald Trump's rise fodder for comic strip Prickly City (h/t to my 12-yr-old!) 
Jeb Bush aims to reverse slump in polls w 3rd policy rollout, calling for end on oil exports ban, writes amyaharder 
Jeb Bush's positives among likely GOP voters down to 39 from 50, negatives up 4 points since last WSJ/NBC News poll 
Jeb Bush losing support across the board - even among moderates - in WSJ/NBC News poll, reports emmarcourt 
Where they answer the phone, "It's a beautiful day in The Villages" no matter the forecast. MarcACaputo 
More Trump attacks on Rubio, indirect jab re patron Norman Braman. "He desperately needs money. Ask the car dealer." 
George W. Bush's DOE dep sec and EPA dep administrator among advisers briefing Jeb Bush donors today on energy plan to be announced tmrw 
More on Jeb on radiotalkermike: "I'm not a creature of Washington but I know how to fix Washington." 
Jeb Bush tells radiotalkermike he missed Trump on 60 Minutes. "I don't wake up with bated breath waiting to watch Donald Trump on TV." 
Jeb Bush on radiotalkermike: "If I am president...Planned Parenthood won't get a dime." But says gov't shutdown "won't change anything." 
Jeb Bush sided with Big Sugar in Everglades restoration 
Zuckerman to Daily News: Drop Dead 
Castro, Obama to speak in first formal meeting Tuesday, reports felschwartz via WSJ 
Margaret Atwood, "avid tinkerer" xanalter 
Asians to surpass Hispanics as largest foreign-born group in U.S. by 2055 via WSJ 
More Jeb: "My opponents will be pouring over every detail of our report and we already know what will happen if we fall short of our goal." 
Inbox from Jeb: "This is the most important email Ive sent to supporters since we launched the campaign." Only 4 days before $ deadline! 
"Sometimes a govt shutdown is a good thing." emmarcourt reports value voters and 2016ers cheer Boehner's exit 
Jindal on Boehner: "That's one down, that 434 more to go. Folks, it is time to fire everybody in DC...MItch McConnell, it is now your turn." 
Ben Carson: "It's the socialists among us who are causing the problems." Hear that Bernie? 
Ben Carson takes swipe at Bernie Sanders for blaming the rich for income inequality 
Of politicians who will increase natl debt, Ben Carson says "You need to find out who they are and you need to throw them out of office." 
Referring to Muslim flap, Ben Carson says, "Political correctness is ruining this country." So is fiscal irresponsibility, he says. 
Carson calls southern U.S. border "porous" and says the "fences they have down there would barely slow me down when I was kid." 
Ben Carson: "Anybody is welcome to come to America as long but they met all the criteria but they dont get to change who we are." 
Ben Carson opens with a Trump joke: "I love enthusiastic crowds. It makes up for my low energy." 
Huck gets another standing o for saying he will protect people like Kim Davis from "never, ever" going to jail. 
Huckabee gets standing o from value voters for saying a fetus is not a blob of tissue, "It's a person." 
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said voters are looking for a fighter and he's "been fighting the Clinton machine all his life." 
Interesting contrast with Trump bragging about his $$$: Mike Huckabee tells value voters "I grew up, probably like some of you, dirt poor." 
Robbed! Trump not coming out to talk to press at Value Voters Summit. 
New to the sweaty media scrum waiting for Donald Trump. I've arrived! 
Don't think I've ever heard a candidate get so many yuks as Donald Trump at the Value Voters Summit 
Jeb Bush--who won respectable 14 of black vote in 98 gov election--attacked for saying he won't give "free stuff." 
Jeb on what he'll do for black voters - from "probably nothing" in 94 to no "free stuff" in 2015. Dems on attack. 
This movie, about a guy ruined by Florida's housing crisis and another guy riding it, sounds great. 
Sounds like a jab at Marco Rubio 
DeFede 
Jeb Bush at fundraiser this morn with a couple hundred "Mount Washington" insiders. Columba raising money this afternoon in McLean. 
First ladies to visit Palm Beach to raise money for Jeb Bush 
Hosts for Jeb "DC outsider" Bush fundraiser tonight include Hatch, Collins, Heller, Amodei (NV), Trott (MI), McHenry (NC), 10 FL members 
"Yogi orders a vodka with extra ice, and the scallops." 
Mass with the Pope today - but also reception with members of Congress tonight and fundraiser tmrw am 
Ernest Hemingway "erupted at intrusive copy edits, railing in the margin 'who buggered this up like this...' " 
Me too. Long list. 
He's right, HotlineJosh 
Public Citizen calls Jeb Bush's reg reform plans a "veritable big business wish list that target commonsense standards across the board." 
More on Jeb Bush's plan to gut government regulations on the environment, Wall Street and consumer protection 
Counterpoint to Jeb Bush's reg reform rollout today 
GOP moving on from Obamacare repeal to taking down Planned Parenthood, reports stepharmour1 and kristinapet 
Polls show Carly Fiorina isn't the chick candidate, reports dchinni via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush sees tax and reg reform as ticket to 4 growth, pegs tax plan cost at $1.2 trillion. With nicktimiraos 
Jeb Bush's hit list: Dodd-Frank, net neutrality and the Spotted Owl. via WSJ 
On farm in small Iowa town, Jeb Bush to propose sweeping rollback of regulations on the environment, Wall Street 
GeraldFSeib writes Trump and Sanders "have nothing on the pope when it comes to challenging the existing order." 
Interesting from would-be first Mormon president, who some thought should have talked more about his faith 
Good time to re-up story by reidepstein on Scott Walker's chronic case of rightward whiplash via WSJ 
Agrees w/ Pope on immigration but parts ways on climate change, Cuba and Iran deal 
Amen 
Um, those things matter? 
Good time to re-up reidesptein's story on Scott Walker's longtime rightward whiplash 
He's still a possible Veep short lister, right? 
Ronald Reagan invoked in first sentence of Scott Walker's statement that he is suspending his 2016 campaign. 
If you had told me 6 mos ago the first GOPers to drop out would be Perry and Walker, and that Trump, Carson and Fiorina would be on top... 
WSJ 1st Washington Wire, 9/20/1940: "Many Washington decisions are being postponed today." Some things never change? 
Former business partner, Cuban-American Armando Codina, gets shout out from Jeb Bush in speech to US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce in Houston 
More Jeb Bush: "My wife is an American by choice....the notion that somehow she's not, is totally laughable." 4th Trump reference in speech 
Jeb Bush refers to "louder voices" in GOP but says "I don't want to create more of the food fight." Also says Obama divides people. 
"We don't need to be a wall. We don't need to deport..." Jeb Bush calls for legalizing undocumented workers. Third Trump reference in speech 
Jeb Bush tells US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce that govt's role is to take care the of sick, drug addicts and developmentally disabled. 
Another Trump mention at US Hisp Chamber of Comm: Jeb Bush talks recalls MIA hs where he took questions in Spanish and answered in Spanish. 
Jeb Bush says "People want to come to FL because the workforce is literate." Politifact? 
Jeb Bush indirectly refers to Trump wanting "to make America great again," said he should look to Latina businesswomen 
Protesters interrupt Jeb Bush speech to US Hisp Chamber of Comm. He responds: "I believe DREAM Act kids should have a path to citizenship." 
Yowza 
In Unit Stalked by Suicide, Veterans Try to Save One Another 
Carly Fiorina commands stage at South Carolina forum, Jeb Bush booed over Common Core, reports colleenmnelson 
Ohio GOP sets presidential primary as a winner-take-all event, a move that could boost John Kasich 
Vatican objects to gay bishop, transgender man invited to popes White House visit 
0ne-hundred women march for citizenship: blisters, sore hamstrings and immigration politics, by scottmcalvert 
U.S. is set to allow more business activity in Cuba, reports felschwartz via WSJ 
Jeb tells Fox viewers concerned about his immigration and Common Core policies: "Listen to me." 
In Fox intvw, Jeb Bush on Trump: "I have big problems with his disinterest in learning how to be president of the United States." 
Jeb Bush at 1/2 empty Vegas rally: "Rather than saying that I am a loud voiceIm notbut I have a heart for people." 
Oops 
Donald Trump sympathizes with voter concerned about....Muslims. reidepstein reports from NH 
AshleyRParker asked Jeb Bush about low turnout at Vegas rally: "3 o'clock in the afternoon," he said. "Glad you came though!" 
At Jeb Bush rally today but neutral in 2016 race: Clark County GOP's 1st openly gay chairman via reviewjournal 
"...which means that I hope I will be so brilliant, so eloquent and so high energy (!) that you sign up for the caucuses in Feb." (2/2) 
Jeb Bush maybe trying to explain the half-empty room at Vegas rally: "This is an organizational meeting. You're in a caucus state..." (1/2) 
Hispanic mom-daughter supporters of Jeb Bush at Vegas rally. "I'm glad he's embraced Spanish," said Judith Lopez (rt) 
Waiting for Jeb Bush to mention last night's debate at Vegas rally. He goes straight to his record as governor of Florida. 
Jeb Bush enters half-empty room for post-debate Las Vegas rally 
Steve Schmidt says Jeb Bush donors looking for "improvement and a rebalancing after an off-balance summer." 
Ari Fleischer: "Jeb did well by showing a willingness to fight, but be needs to do more of it and do it better." 
Jeb Bush seeks to reassure jumpy donors and regain momentum after GOP debate 
TSA Pre-Check is the best! Forever indebted to reidepstein 
Cab driver this morning on Trump: "He's funny! He's like a comedian!" 
"Donald....when I was governor..." 
Fact: Charlie Crist's preferred van is the Vornado 
Chris Christie is always channeling Bruce Springsteen. No Surrender! 
True? 
The shiny sweaty foreheads at this debate are making me think of Albert Brooks flopsweating his way through the wknd news on Broadcast News 
Whoa! Did Carly Fiorina just reference David Foster Wallace speech? 
Jeb Bush: "steadiness" and "steady." 
Kasich has been on the plane - winner! 
Apparently being a U.S. senator has become shameful 
He just tweeted "Game On" but forgot the ! 
I have a feeling it may also be shocking to Jeb Bush 
Still shocking to see Jeb Bush standing next to Donald Trump 
Top Jeb Bush advisors doing post-debate telephone conference with donors tonight (and for those who fall asleep) tmrw morn 
So Scott Baio is at the GOP debate but Nancy Reagan is not. Got it. ananavarro 
Couldn't you say that about most if not all the candidates on stage tonight? 
to campaign in a way that will unite our party rather than divide it, on hope and optimism rather than anger..." (2/2) 
Talking points sent to allies include this: "Jeb is willing to stand up to Donald Trump on substance and issues but he will continue (1/2) 
Since last debate: Carson +12 (!) Trump +5.5, Cruz +1.2 Walker -5.7 Bush -4.7 Rand -2.8 Huck -2.5 Rubio -.5 *Source: RCP Polling averages 
Check out Real Clear Politics polling averages compiled here, part of new WSJ election-related graphics 
Inbox: ICYMI: Jindal: Trump is a madman who must be stopped 
MarcACaputo is on my teeveee. Wearing a tie. MSNBC 
Jeb Bush super PAC stays the course, launches positive bio ads w/ no mention of Trump 
CARLY, not Carly, made this video. rebeccaballhaus explains the distinction w/ a difference. 
laurameckler added up all of Bernie Sanders proposals so you don't have to. Price tag: $18 trillion via WSJ 
Wonder if Jeb tries too hard to be "high-energy" in 2nd debate if he will come across as awkward, lose gravitas. Can Jeb win as Jeb? (2/2) 
Re-watching 1st debate and Jeb Bush seems pretty animated to me. "Give me a break!" - rips HRC for not taking a position on Keystone. (1/2) 
Re-watching 1st debate: 2x Marco Rubio refused bait to attack Jeb Bush. W/ Bush's poll  falling, will Rubio change tactics? Too risky? 
Debate prep by re-watching 1st: Love when pols talk about themselves in the 3rd person. "Carson doesn't believe in fighting stupid wars." 
Debate prep: Jeb unlikely to get another Iraq question, I guess, but if he did would keep omitting George W. Bush's role in withdrawal? 
Re-watching 1st debate to prep for 2nd: "Our leaders are stupid! Our politicians are stupid!" And we wonder why people love Trump... 
Re-watching 1st debate as prep for 2nd: Donald Trump says "If it weren't for me, you wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration." Um 
Re-watching 1st debate as prep for 2nd: John Kasich answers tough Medicaid question confidently, non-defensively. 
Re-watching 1st debate to prep for 2nd: Is it me or has Rand Paul's hair never looked so unruly next to all his blow-dried rivals? 
More 1st debate redux: Powerful to see female (MK) moderator ask Walker "Would you really let a woman die rather than received an abortion?" 
More from 1st debate: Jeb right next to Trump, then Scott Walker. Lineup sure has changed in the last month, except for guy at center stage. 
Debate prep: Re-watching 1st match up! Initial observations: Wow, Trump sure knows how to blow things up. Man, is Rubio good on stage. 
I did not know that! 
Jeb won't be at Value Voters Summit for 2nd yr in a row. Unlike last yr campaign says he was invited but can't go. 
Chris Christie's "so let's stop just reading the newspapers" to chucktodd is a terrible idea. 
New anti-Hillary Clinton ad from American Crossroads references what she is wearing but not her hair. Discuss. 
Donald Trump has led GOP field longer than any of of the short-time front-runners in 2012, reports dchinni 
Moxie! 
Zionism as a civil rights movement, by JeffreyGoldberg 
Will never live down the rumpled khakis 
Here's your WSJ 2016 election calendar, chock full of debates and primaries 
Florida tweeps, have I told you how obsessed I am with  Yes I have. But I forgot to credit csstewart, who claims to be from NY 
Attn Donald Trump: Jeb Bush opening Miami field office on Calle Ocho on Saturday. Spanish will be spoken. 
Top 1 are biggest winners in Jeb Bush's tax plan, reports johndmckinnon via WSJPolitics 
Jeb donors at NY lunch today w/41 hosted by Bush ambassadors Bruce Gelb amp; Brenda Johnson. Ticket price for event w ex-president; only $2,700 
Reminder that Jeb Bush super PAC's $20 million, early-state television ad campaign begins on the eve of Wednesday's high-stakes debate. 
DNC says Jeb Bush's tax plan would have saved him $841,643 in 2013. 
Reports Jeb Bush has the most (11) NH staffers in GOP 
John Kasich's Chrissie Hynde strategy: "Hillary Clinton is scheduled to be in Ohio again...she cant win the White House w/o winning Ohio." 
How much fun would William Safire have had w/ Jeb Bush's "It connotes excitement" explanation of Jeb! to StephenAtHome 
Hillary Clinton in good company with this icon of cool who also has trouble apologizing 
Hillary Clinton's campaign-finance plan to boost small donors -- weak link in Jeb Bush's fundraising peternicholas3 
Donald Trump backs Cuba thaw, at odds with most of GOP field, reports felschwartz via WSJPolitics 
Pro-Hillary Clinton Correct the Record says Jeb Bush's 1st TV ad is "built on a phony record," says econ claims built on housing bubble 
My low-tech mother sent me this picture from a cafe in Brussels. 
W/ Jeb on Colbert tonight, wondering who to blame (or thank) for candidates on late-night TV. Bill Clinton and his sax and Arsenio Hall? 
Jeb's 1st ad: "If you want more DC pols or self-promoters, you've got options." Few 2016ers epithets don't apply to 
The state of play as the 2016 race clears Labor Day, brought to you by poconnorwsj and hookjan 
First Jeb, now Hillary looking for "joy." Did Trump or Bernie take it? No one loses it better than Lucinda Williams 
Nah I'm just catching up with season one 
Hey Florida tweeps! If you're not watching  you absolutely should be. 
When Black Lives Didnt Matter in New Orleans by juanmthompson 
Jeb equivocates? on KY clerk: "She is sworn to uphold the law." BUT "There ought to be big enough space for her to act on her conscience." 
Amy Schumer talking to Jeb Bush. My worlds collide! 
learyreports reminds me Jeb Bush about to crack that list of top ad spenders 
Jeb Bush doesn't crack top 9 
John Kasich plays darts with NH as target, reports hookjan via WSJ 
Colbert to Bush: "Wheres my cut of that sweet three bucks, governor? nataliewsj 
He asks, joyfully 
In the 2016 GOP race, the "joyful tortoise" has had enough of the irascible hare. 
If Jeb Bush is going to take him seriously as attack video suggests I better too. I am now (yes, very belatedly) following realDonaldTrump 
Tmrw Jeb Bush visits La Progresiva Presbyterian School in Miami, originally in Cuba but a "victim of the nefarious communist regime" in 1961 
Leave it to kristinapet to count words (1,600 by Schumer/5,200 by Nadler) lawmakers use to justify position on Iran. 
Scott Walker rips Jeb Bush's cautious "I'll certainly look at it," when asked in NH about discarding Iran deal. 
And here's the full story by AmyAHarder on climate change building into 2016 issue as Obama visits the Arctic 
More Jeb: "Its appropriate to invest in the proper research to find solutions over the long haul but we should not be alarmists about it." 
Jeb told amyaharder: "The climate is changing; I don't think anyone can argue its not...Human activity has contributed to that change." 
I knew this was a bullshit story, but I went along with it." Story of post-Katrina police violence and cover up. 
Saw David Foster Wallace movie last night. Every time I read "This is water" I find something new. 
Atty of prep school grad acquitted of "senior salute" sexual assault: "He's not a saint. He's a teenager." 
Nice lede 
Reading "compelling and necessary 'Shots on the Bridge' in the time of  is to confront rage." 
A longtime Roanoke journalist writes of the "weary fraternity of trauma reporting." 
Donald Trump plans meeting with evangelicals, though campaign denies involvement. Curious discovery by reidepstein 
More Jeb Bush on Trump in Pensacola: "This guy is now the frontrunner...He should be held to account, just like me." 
Asked about Trump, Jeb Bush at Pensacola town hall asks, "Do we have to talk about this guy?" Um... 
Catching up to Chris Christie on Jeb Bush: "You don't do focus group tested trips to the border, speak Spanish and then criticize Asians." 
Jeb Bush campaign intern filed public-records request for companies given business incentives under John Kasich 
Attn 2016 candidates: 
Inbox: "Request from a neighbor of printer 10...It sounds like an ox as it's being slaughtered. Please use an alternative"  
Here's where I will be tonight! 
Who doesn't? 
Just sayin - I knew her before she was on Twitter 
Here we go again 
Jeb Bush: "I support the 14th Amendment," Says "politically correct" people need to "chill out" about his reference to "anchor babies." 
Twist: Most pols who stage events at the Mexican border can't answer ?s from Spanish-language media in Spanish like Jeb Bush 
Jeb Bush suggests Donald Trump read his book "Immigration Wars." $9.88 on Amazon 
Jeb Bush presser near the border in TX: "You have to have a much deeper strategy than building a fence." 
Gilbert M. Gaul's new book on greedy underbelly of college football, w/ "seat donations" and "varsity ambassadors" 
Woody Johnson $100-per-person fundraiser in the Hamptons tonite w/ Jeb Jr. "Mission Next" leaders give $2,700 amp; raise $1,000 stay for dinner 
Scott Walker's winning strategy: shift right. Opposed smoking ban tho wife worked at American Lung Assoc reidesptein 
Justice delayed and denied more than a decade after post-Katrina police massacre of unarmed black civilians 
Bush 41 and 43 to headline Jeb Bush's third donor powwow as he tries to court dynasty-wary voters 
Tx! 
Of course you do 
Trump v. Bush. Aerosmith v. Florence and the Machine. 1000 people v 200. Dueling town halls w/ heatherhaddon 
The flower dude is stacking chairs at the Jeb Bush town hall. Pretty sure that's not his job. 
"You will rip up the agreement?" man asks of Iran deal. Jeb Bush: "I will certainly look at it." So measured compared to hyperbolic Trump. 
Jeb Bush said President Obama--attacked as the "deporter-in-chief" by some--isn't deporting enough illegal immigrants with criminal records. 
At Merrimack town hall, Jeb Bush says his "first priority" as president will be to overhaul the U.S Dept of Veterans Affairs 
Flower dude sighting at Jeb Bush town hall mtg in Merrimack, NH! 
Subtle differences in tone, policy btwn Jeb Bush and John Kasich shape definition of "establishment" candidate 
Support for Common Core makes Jeb Bush, John Kasich sore thumbs in GOP field as they compete for centrist wing 
The Wall Street Journal rebuts Iranian charges calling one of its reporters a spy via WSJ 
John Kasich talks to NH education summit w/o facing awkward question about resignation of top school official 
John Kasich on supporting Common Core: "I'm looking at all the facts and not getting all my information from the Internet. 
Carly Fiorina rejects testing at every grade level, says there should be only a couple in high school 
"Sounds like a bit of a racket to me," Carly Fiorina says of fed govt giving $ to states that adopt Common Core 
"Don't worry about me. Worry about Jeb!" is what Bush speculates HRC said to teachers union to get speedy endorsement at NH educ summit. 
Jeb Bush adds that teachers union are focused on collective bargaining for adults, not student learning 
Jeb: "I'd \ love a day where (teacher union chief) Randy Weingarten and I could hold hands and sing Kumbaya..but shes not going to change." 
Though I hear ya Jeb -- I miss my Blackberry something fierce. 
"Stop looking at your Blackberrys!" Jeb Bush jokes to presumably iPhoned crowd at NH education summit 
Jeb Bush at NH education summit: "I don't think Race to the Top has yielded rising student achievement." 
On eve of schools summit, re-upping story on Jeb doubling down on Common Core--which he now calls "poisonous" term. 
Jeb Bush poaching some ex-Chris Christie donors who don't like his shift on Common Core, reports heatherhaddon 
Whether you think  or  read this excerpt of new book on post-Katrina police massacre 
New book about Danziger Bridge carnage is powerful even for those who know the story: Jarvis DeBerry via nolanews 
Jeb Bush headed to where-else-but-Nantucket-in-August for fundraiser on Thursday 
Guess which candidate brought The Wall Street Journal to jury duty? 
Trumping Jeb Bush town hall in NH. Because Bush draws so poorly, I figured it would be a good time to draw a crowd" 
Trumped! Donald Trump schedules town hall at same time as Jeb Bush event 25 mins away in NH 
Shots on the Bridge out tmrw: "For those who believe police shootings of unarmed citizens began in Ferguson..this book will be eye-opening" 
Ohio River town fighting hazardous waste incinerator views EPA's environmental justice as empty promise 
What police are calling the new crack cocaine hits hard in Broward County FL, reports acampoflores 
Jeb Bush brags about lobbying reforms but Sunlight Foundation gives FL an "F" for transparency 
Setting the record straight on the Iraq war by jonathanlanday who should know and lesleyclark 
Children's bomb shelter at Kibbutz Eitan Malkiyah near the Lebanon border 
Can't escape 2016: I ran into Rubio fan Barbara Zukin of Aventura FL at the Kfar Blum kibbutz in the Golan Heights 
Thousands of unexploded minefields in Israel 
View from the Golan Heights, where you can hear the sounds of the Syrian civil war. 
NYT: "If Shots on the Bridge were a crime novel this plot would seem implausible..facts painstakingly woven together" 
Don't miss Politics amp; Prose reading of Shots on the Bridge: Police Violence and Cover-up in the Wake of. Katrina 
Library Journal review of Shots on the Bridge: "engrossing tale...shockingly reminiscent" of recent police abuses 
Kirkus: Shots on the Bridge "expertly constructs the narrative" of post-Katrina massacre of innocents by police 
Marco Rubio has worst missed-votes record in the US Senate, learyreports 
Also re-upping this Roger Stone profile which doubts his claims re 2000 "Brooks Brothers riot." Bonus shirtless pics 
Re-up on man-in-the-news Roger Stone, who sums up political philosophy in three words: "Attack. Attack. Attack." 
Thank you gwenifill for leading this mother of two girls here 
Shivah on Ben Yehuda St in Jerusalem for Shira Banki, 16-yr-old stabbed at gay pride parade 
A single Cleveland bus route offers promise, challenges for GOP, writes bus-riding native son MichaelCBender 
You'd be proud, I slept through the first GOP debate! 
Yikes! So you blew it? 
GOP 2016ers: From the haves (Jeb Bush) to the haves-less (Scott Walker) csstewart rebeccaballhaus heatherhaddon 
Three days before first GOP debate, Jeb Bush releases border security plan amid Trump surge with no price tag 
"Beware of attack fly": EPA civil rights office ignores minority communities next to sewage plants amp; landfills 
Death of a Young Black Journalist 
NYT on DFW pic: "playing the role of a writer in someone else's fantasy. Actually writing is something he does when no one else is around." 
How did I miss this: Perry challenged Trump to a pull-up contest! Pre-debate antics via hookjan heatherhaddon 
Nearly every 2016 candidate has a billionaire at his back. Jeb Bush has at least 20 csstewart rebeccaballhaus 
One percenters are helping super PACS outraise campaigns 2-1, w/ rebeccaballhaus csstewart 
20 billionaires help Jeb Bush superPAC break $ record, Walker, Cruz rely on 1 fat cat, w/ rebeccaballhaus csstewart 
20 billionaires gave $17.4 million to Jeb Bush super PAC, helping close $9 mil gap to $100 mil goal 2 wks b4 deadline 
Hillary Clinton attacks Jeb Bush on Right to Rise via laurameckler 
 my girl laurameckler who's always watching Hillary Clinton and is also covering Jeb Bush today on my old stomping grounds in So Fla 
Dozens of bundlers w/ at least eight $2,700 checks in last 2 weeks dining tonight with Jeb Bush at--where else --Biltmore in Coral Gables 
Donald Trump gave more money to Dems than GOP 1999-2007, calls it "transactional," reports peternicholas3 via WSJ 
Jeb "campaign everywhere" Bush courts Hispanics in Orlando and African-Americans in Ft Laud this week 
Hillary, Jeb to appeal to black voters from the same stage in first post-Obama election, w/ lauramackler 
We will need a response to this and to the others that will come" Jeb said re email re Stand Your Ground amp; black men 
CAPAction calls Jeb Bushs "Stand Your Ground" law a "license to kill" two days before he speaks to Urban League 
Jeb Bush's biggest donor no Sheldon Adelson: Mike Fernandez gave *only* $3 mil, showing breadth of Bush $ machine 
Ahead of Jeb Bush Fri speech to Urban League CAPAction taking swing today at "stand your ground" law he signed as FL gov 
Jeb Bush's $3 million man: one of Miami's biggest immigrant success stories and a "jokester who works his ass off." 
Jeb Bush super PAC lifted self-imposed ban on checks gt; $1 mil at campaign launch 6 weeks ago, w/ csstewart 
Dynasty fundraising: 11 of 13 on Jeb Bush super PAC exec comm are ex ambassadors, Rangers or Pioneers, w/ csstewart 
Jeb Bush super PAC exec committee: 13 million-dollar-plus donors/raisers. Another dozen 7-figure givers in the mix 
Sneak peek at top donors/raisers for Jeb Bush super PAC w/ csstewart. No 1 donor: MIami billionaire Mike Fernandez 
Groups backing Rubio, Kasich leading in pre-debate TV ad wars 
Am I the only one who is still bugged by all these atu2 songs on my iPhone that I didn't ask for and don't like? 
U.S. preparing to release convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard, whose case has long been source of tension via WSJ 
Top Scott Walker fundraiser calls Donald Trump DumbDumb reidepstein via WSJPolitics 
Is entitlement reform still the "third rail" of politics? Jeb Bush is about to find out. 
HRC to United Fresh Produce Assoc in $225,000 speech: "I like to eat, and I think that most people do." wsjliz 
Donald Trump has published 14 books since 1987 but only 3 earned royalties of more than $201 via WSJ 
Columba Bush to raise DC $ tonight on heels of Jeb's vow to shake up DC, two ex-Bushies chairing event via WSJ 
There are 16 Republicans running for president. You have questions? reidepstein has answers on Facebook now: 
SETREC: Columba Bush, not Jeb, in DC for $ tonight. (2 days after he vowed to "challenge the whole culture in our nations capital" Sorry! 
Jeb raising DC $ tonight, 2 days after vow 2 "challenge the whole culture in our nations capital" Bushies Frank Mermoud/Anita McBride chair 
Me? Never 
Jeb Bush donor/W Ranger says of 41: "He was very good to me, so yes, Ive got a real loyalty to the Bush family" 
Jeb Bush picks up more Rangers/Pioneers in 15 days than Romney and Perry did in months, reports csstewart Rob_Barry 
Good 'ol Bush family $ network pushes presidency No. 3. 136 Rangers and Pioneers w/ Jeb so far csstewart rob_barry 
Jeb's team throwing punches on Day One 
Ohio Dem loses to tea party, opens inn/winery ColleenMNelson PeterNicholas3 on another Obama legacy: lost Dem bench 
Jeb Bush unveils anti-lobbying agenda while reporting more lobbyist bundler $ than any other GOP candidate csstewart 
FL was most populous state w/o lobbyists $$$ disclosures until Jeb Bush signed law one year before leaving office 
Jeb Bush boasts of signing "strictest" lobbying reforms but compensation and registration  rose, /csstewart 
Son, brother of presidents vows to shake up Washington DC via WSJPolitics 
Today in Tally Jeb Bush touting economic gains as gov - before housing bubble popped 
Ex lobbying firm of John Thrasher--FSU pres where Jeb Bush proposing reforms today-- $$$maker in 2007, 1st year lobby disclosure required 
Jeb Bush to propose crackdown on "revolving door"--from public univ led by lawmaker-turned-lobbyist-turned-lawmaker 
"I cant believe I just used the word accolades. Im going to throw myself in a river. 
Cost of compressed 2016 calendar - $60 mil for 10 days of ads in first 30 states poconnorwsj reidepstein via WSJ 
Jeb Bush donors worried about Donald Trump mucking up the first debate via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush to give speech in Tallahassee on Monday on reforming Washington via WSJPolitics 
Heartbroken about nationaljournal. I was lucky to work there w/ so many talented people, some of whom are still there. Tx RonBrownstein 
Twitter war btwn tiny murderous Mexican narcotrafficker and a badly toupeed beauty-pageant producer, via glenngarvin 
Burn baby burn: Ben Carson and Rick Santorum going through their campaign money fast, reports rebeccaballhaus 
Jeb Bush's top lobbyist bundlers: Bill Killmer, Dirk Van Dongen, Ignacio Sanchez, Thomas Loeffler, William Harrison 
Wall Street banks, DC lobbyists among biggest donors to Jeb Bush, with csstewart via WSJPolitics 
Jeb Bush loaned his campaign nearly $400K...how come? kristymcampbell Timodc 
Far and away, Jeb Bush's biggest employee contributor appears to be Goldman Sachs with nearly $145K 
Jeb Bush $ appeal: 1,324 donors short of 10,000 in first month 
Jeb Bush, trailing in the polls, campaigns from "liberal" eastern Iowa to "Counciltucky" in the west 
Attn Hillary Clinton: 
Welcome to Council Bluffs, Jeb Bush 
Ames resident Norman Rudi holds 1984 Bush bumper sticker signed by George HW, George W and now Jeb 
Standing O for Jeb Bush from Story County GOP. Lovely setting at Prairie Moon Winery with view of the vineyard and tea lights 
Jeb: "I'm running to win. I'm not running to make a pointThis is about getting to 50." Says he'll campaign "way outside our comfort zones." 
"Hillary Clinton has attacked me the last few days," Jeb Bush says in Ames. "Bring it on." 
Jeb Bush says if elected president he would 1) thank God 2) call Democratic leaders, says Obama always creating divisive "straw men" 
Jeb Bush condemns Iran on a range of injustices, including killing people "because of their sexual orientation." 
This pic was taken before he hugged Jeb Bush, dude looks like he's thinking deep thoughts about his speech 
Jeb Bush says James K Polk is underrated president, he got a few things done then left after one term 
This dude just hugged Jeb Bush and asked him to pray with him 
"I'll be back, too," Jeb Bush tells man who thanks him for coming to western (conservative) Iowa 
Jeb Bush says that for conservatives to be successful, "we need to be on the side of people that want to rise up." 
Jeb Bush in Sioux City aka Steve King country: "I doubt there's any sanctuary cities" here 
Jeb Bush in Sioux City: "You'll see me campaign in the Latino community in English and Spanish because I can." 
"Space guy" Jeb Bush to recruit young donors through "Mission Next" 
Not sure I care about the home run derby but I'm with MajorCBS in everything else 
$120 million was only the beginning. Jeb Bush has 23 $$$ events through mid-Sept. via WSJPolitics 
George P and Jeb Jr lead young donors for dad, top tier at $45K, lowest tier gets credit for social media/volunteer 
Jeb Bush launching young donor program inspired by George W.'s "Mavericks," will tout at MavPAC in Las Vegas Friday 
Late to this party but RT MarcACaputo Point to MichaelCBender's reporting r2rusa Total Raised: Over $103,000,000 
At prestigious foreign policy think tank, Scott Walker invokes Colby cheddar, reports Noahbierman 
Space Guy Jeb Bushs donor categories revealed at K-port retreat: Voyager (250K) Endeavor (150K) amp; Apollo (75K) 
"Mission Jeb Bush 2016" donor levels named after space missions: Voyager (250K), Endeavor (150K), Apollo (75K) 
Bush, a self-proclaimed space guy has said he would gt; NASA funding. (Fl is home to the Kennedy Space Center) 
To boldly go where no man has gone before: 2016 fundraising leader Jeb Bush naming donor levels after space missions, ie Apollo, Gemini(1/2) 
Jeb Bush's lopsided haul means vast majority of $ controlled by super PAC 2,333 miles from campaign rebeccaballhaus 
Jeb told donors he would outwork his GOP rivals, George P and Columba also mingling w donors in Maine this wknd 
About 250 donors dining on burgers and lobster rolls w/Jeb, 41 and Barbara Bush at K-port, pics and tour of family compound, new Jeb digs 
Jeb Bush hits his target, with campaign and super PAC raising more than  million rebeccaballhaus via WSJ 
Whoa RT r2rusa Total Number of rtrusa Donors: Over 9,900 
Source says Jeb Bush super PAC has raised as much as $110 million, more than 7,000 donors 
Pro-John Kasich group beats undeclared candidate to the airwaves, reports poconnorWSJ 
Jeb $$$ appeal: "You may have noticed that the others in this race are focused on dividing, demonizing and tearing us apart." 
Jeb Bush/Hillary Clinton Twitter tussle w/ cameos from timodc and berniesanders, brought to you by nataliewsj 
How'd I miss this? WSJ getting sneak peak at new/old Harper Lee book 
Back at ya Hillary... 
Taking on Jeb Bush 
Jeb Bush vows 4 growth based on gov record - except FL's growth based on housing bubble that popped bobdavis187 
2016 GOPers skipping second major Hispanic conference in as many months, reports laurameckler 
No Child Left Behind debate begins, reports isaacstanbecker, as Common Core amp; George W. Bush loom over 2016 race 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce gets head start on TV ads in competitive PA and Ohio Senate races, reports poconnorwsj 
Jeb Bushs mom and dad expected "special guests" at Thursday dinner with top donors. Attire: "Kennebunkport casual." 
Man in the news: Joe Heck. He always takes the stairs. 
Five Hostages via lawrence_wright 
Fantasy women's World Cup watch party w sportswriting sheroes KellyWhiteside VickiMichaelis smillerdegnan lrobertsonmiami kaufsports 
Unlikely friendship btwn so con leader and gay rights activist in Iowa, reports newsbysamuels 
Bernie Sanders surpasses Martin O' Who? as Hillary Clinton alternative, reports PeterNicholas3 ColleenMNelson 
Jeb Bush paid $2.4 million into personal pension plan to lower business profits and taxes, reports MarkMaremont 
Jeb Bush set up personal pension plan using little-known tax-cutting strategy, reports MarkMaremont via WSJ 
MT kristymcampbell Jeb Bush ExcelinEd foundation releases 2007-2014 donors. Spoiler alert: No $ from foreign govts 
Remainder from Jeb Bush ystrdy: 3 favorite countries are Mexico (wife's birthplace) Israel (bc it's Israel) and Estonia (5 min tax return) 
Early  to my intrepid colleague csstewart who just won a Pulitzer and writes about Jeb Bush sometimes. 
1 day into Obamacare govt shutdown Jeb Bush made $half a million selling ACA-loving Tenet stock via nationaljournal 
Jeb Bush's tax returns: "It's either poor tax planning or very good political planning" w/ johndmckinnon 
Jeb Bush is one of the richest guys running for president, w/ csstewart and rebeccaballhaus 
Story on Jeb Bush's net worth and 33 years of tax returns coming soon..... 
Chris Christie's biggest patron: 'Would I write a check for $10 million? No,' reports shanegoldmacher 
Jeb Bush to release 33 years of tax returns 
Jeb Bush to meet with pastors in Charleston 
Watch President Barack Obama Sing Amazing Grace at Clementa Pinckneys Funeral via WSJPolitics 
Of course: Rogue prison guard mailed escapee's Tony Soprano painting to Florida woman who sold it on eBay for $2,000 
Jeb Bush fundraising off Obamacare: "Make the most generous contribution you can afford right now to stop (Clinton)" 
Jeb Bush super PAC goes up with first ad in NH 
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal set to enter Republican race for president reidepstein via WSJ 
It's official: Jeb Bush picks Woody Johnson as national finance chairman 
Something you don't see everyday: Cuban-Am Republican, George W Bush Commerce Sec backs Obama on Cuba 
Five takeaways from new WSJ/NBC poll from poconnorWSJ 
Jeb Bush coming raising money in July on Chris Christie turf 
"My record has lost me support but it is the right thing to do Jeb Bush email re fallout to Confederate flag removal 
Emailer blamed "northern prejudice" toward Confederate flag, Jeb Bush: "PS I am a Floridian born and raised in Texas 
Jeb Bush's emails show that when he removed Confederate flag as FL gov, he was called "spineless," "racist" and worse 
Jeb Bush to keynote Americans for Prosperity (Koch group) conference Aug 21 in Columbus, Ohio 
Rand Paul super PAC digital attack ad against "Bailout Bush." Will "joyful" Jeb respond? 
Florida battle royale? 3 out of 4 GOP voters open to Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio in new WSJ poll, poconnorwsj reports 
Nina Simone'sTime Is Now, Again 
Ted Cruz's dad quotes Scripture, compares Obama to Castro, hookjan reports on the super-surrogate from Cuba 
Can Jeb Bush Win the Christian Right? Analysis by dchinni 
Jeb Bush took down Confederate flag from FL Capitol in 2001 lesleyclark 
What say ye, 2016 GOP candidates? 
The black church-what Du Bois called the 1st social institution controlled by black Americans-has long been a target 
Yesterday Jeb Bush said he didn't know what was in the "mind or the heart" of the Charleston shooter 
Jeb Bush clarifies his view of Charleston attacks, calls shooter "racist" 
Another staff shakeup on Jeb Bush campaign - David James to be political director 
"Anybody else up here win 11 states?" demands Rick Santorum, underdog in GOP 2016 field  
Rick Santorum, at risk of being left out of 2016 debates, says he has debated Hillary Clinton on Senate floor  
I dont know what was on the mind or the heart of the man who committed these atrocious crimes, Jeb Bush said. 
"This was a hate crime and African Americans would appreciate that level of sincerity from Republican candidates 
Most GOP 2016ers omit race when talking about shootings at historic black church in Charleston, w/ reidepstein 
Bobby Jindal says he is not "evolving" on gay marriage. "I believe in traditional marriage between a man and a woman."  
Once more with feeling! MT bethreinhard If you're not following csstewart...I get it Doesn't tweet much but worth it Writes about Jeb some 
Jeb Bush: "We should not push aside those who believe in traditional marriage."  
Jeb Bush: "My belief now is that religious freedom is under attack"  
Jeb Bush says Charleston slayings "had a big impact on me"  
Jeb Bush showing video from campaign launch at  that I foreshadowed here via WSJPolitics 
Charleston and the Age of Obama via newyorker 
Chris Christie swipes Senate rivals, says he's "not giving political speeches on the Senate floor to raise money for a political campaign" 
Chris Christie's new sales pitch: "I'm the only one who has had the responsibility of having to prosecute and investigate terrorist conduct" 
2016 sweet spot? Jeb Bush makes nuanced argument re gay wedding but hits hard on religious liberty 
Jeb Bush at 20, Marco Rubio at 18 in Q poll of Florida GOP 
Disconnect btwn natl party and GOP field: RNC chair at Natl Hisp Prayer Bfast while Ben Carson only 2016er at NALEO 
Mitt Romney's deputy campaign manager warns GOP 2016ers not to repeat his mistake on immigration. 
If you're not following csstewart....I get it. Doesn't tweet much--but worth it. And he writes about Jeb Bush sometimes. Give an early  
"He did a lot of favors," big developer who thinks Jeb Bush would be great prez says of his early FL yrs, csstewart 
As VP's son amp; Cuban exile leader's rt-hand man, Jeb Bush well placed to build So Fla political machine, w/ csstewart 
As he built career in FL, Jeb Bush's income averaged $106,638 in 6 yrs before dad was prez, then shot up to $1.6 mil 
Jeb Bush's rise in FL reflects current challenge: building own identity while banking on family ties. W/ csstewart 
Marco Rubio stronger than Jeb Bush in Fl against Hillary Clinton says new Q poll 
Jeb Bush's early years in FL show young man charting own path while taking advantage of family ties, w/ csstewart 
Catching up on Veep and a very punchy Amy Brookheimer is singing "Low turnout in Broward County tonight" !!! 
Inbox from club4growth: "Donald Trump Should Not Be Taken Seriously as a GOP Candidate and Should Not Be Included in the GOP Debates " 
Jeb Bush's 1st official day on campaign trail - hugging and little shouting 
"The idea that we are negotiating with Iran," says Jeb Bush, shaking his head, "I just don't get it." 
Jeb Bush knocking DC lobbyists for the second day in a row. 
Jeb Bush says his sister's AOL account was hacked when family was trading personal emails while Dad was very ill in the hospital 
Someone stumbled into wrong town hall and asked $$$ leader Jeb Bush what he would do about the "obscene" amount of money spent on campaigns 
What running for president looks like on Day One for Jeb Bush 
Jeb Bush swipes rivals in the Senate talking about being gov: "I didnt file an amendment and call it success. I actually did things." 
Jeb to town hall: "If you ever see my good friend Rick Perry or even my brother George W. tell them we created more jobs in Florida" 
There it is: "So as you come to expect the first stop for a candidate, not a potential one anymore, a real one is New Hampshire" says Jeb 
Correction: Blazer was for Sean Hannity. Took it off as town hall is about to begin 
Jeb Bush more dressed up today for NH town hall than he was for Miami announcement. Navy blazer, still no tie 
"I think we should treat the child a little differently than we treat the individual who came here illegally" Jeb Bush re Obama exec orders 
Hannity pressing Jeb on securing border FIRST before other reforms "I think we need to do both but first priority is to create secure border 
Jeb Bush casts HRC as do-nothing Senator : "She has her name on three laws in eight years." 
Jeb Bush loves to rib HRC on access: "I think she needs to answer questions...I'm not hiding from people who dont agree with me." 
Asked about "enhanced interrogation," Jeb Bush says "I dont think its necessary...but it was appropriate at the time." 
Jeb Bush says Hillary Clinton downplaying her record as Secretary of State. "We dont even hear about this anymore." 
More Jeb Bush to Hannity: "Stop unilatterailly giving things away... the Iranians play us like a Stradivarius violin." 
"A little awkward" is how Jeb Bush describes running against his pal, Marco Rubio to seanhannity 
Jeb Bush doing interview with seanhannity before town hall meeting - the perfect blend of national media and retail politics. 
Jeb Bush making the 19 million new jobs promise official 
The young people in neon green t-shirts at Jeb Bush event are not immigration activists. They are with NoLabelsOrg 
Gotta love campaigning in New Hampshire...can even smell the Dunkin Donuts 
Only $1 more than newspaper boy in Better Off Dead 
Back at ya ShaneGoldmacher 
Jeb Bush, political scion running as scrappy underdog. via WSJ 
Jeb Bush and team on phone w donors right now, say only accepting primary $$$ 
Even my driver to the Miami airport.... 
Not a one of us deserves the job by right of resume, party, seniority, family, or family narrative, Jeb Bush says. "Its nobodys turn." 
"Viva Jeb! Viva Jeb! Viva Jeb!" competes with "USA! USA! USA!" at Jeb Bush rally 
Jeb Bush, no jacket no tie. Just Jeb! 
"He is the NEW Republican Party," state senator says of Jeb Bush, who last ran for office in 2002 
African-American pastor from Tallahassee: "Let me tell you about the Jeb Bush that I know...He respects people for who they are." 
Lots of applause as Barbara Bush comes in 
Hells yeah 
Great to see Fl press at Jeb! learyreports PatriciaMazzei crowleyreport gbennettpost AmySherman1 marcacaputo browardpolitics 
Just saw peterhamby and I feel like a Snapchat failure 
club4growth awards Jeb Bush a pretty good report card one hour before his official campaign launch 
Jeb Bush Files Paperwork to Run for President via WSJ 
Jeb Bush to say today: "I will take nothing and no one for granted. I will run with heart. I will run to win.  
Even the punctuation is bilingual at Jeb Bush campaign launch 
Woody Johnson among the dozens of donors dialing for dollars at Jeb Bush pre-launch at the Biltmore hotel 
Jeb Bush's pursuit of hard $$$ begins before 3 pm kickoff - donors invited to "natl call day" 9 am to noon at (where else) Biltmore Hotel 
Jeb's trip to Europe, where being a Bush is blessing and curse, sets stage for announcement tmrw, poconnorwsj writes 
Looks like somebody is getting excited about announcement day. Wish I had a vintage Jeb! bumper stick from '94 
"I'm going to be who I am" Jeb Bush says. "I think candidates have a duty to persuade." poconnorWSJ 
Former Dem lawmaker says Jeb Bush was conservative but not in the way you might think 
Jeb Bush touted tens of 1000s of jobs but Club4Growth says expansion of the biotech industry never materialized 
Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, Chris Christie all facing attacks for giving away taxpayer-paid corporate subsidies 
Club for Growth to ding former FL Gov. Jeb Bush for "crony capitalism" in report card on GOP 2016ers via WSJ 
So glad I made it to the last one - long live the butter cow! 
Mitt Romney can't be president so he wants to be kingmaker, josreports via BostonGlobe 
Jeb Bush avoids "Romney moment" on foreign trip, poconnorWSJ reports 
Jeb Bush defends brother, says Putin has changed poconnorwsj via WSJPolitics 
Florida Florida Florida! CNN sets GOP presidential debate for March 10 in Florida, five days before winner-take-all primary. 
"It's June for crying out loud so we've got a long way to go," Jeb Bush says re 2016 staff shakeup, by poconnorwsj 
Jeb Bush comes close to violating taboo on criticizing US pres on foreign soil, poconnorwsj reports from Berlin 
Bernie Sanders to address NALEO next week, laurameckler reports. via WSJPolitics 
Bernie Sanders is latest 2016er to RSVP to NALEO conference, along w Hillary Clinton and Ben Carson 
Jeb Bush to face more ?s about foreign policy contrasts w bro and dad in Europe, poconnorWSJ reports 
Danny Diaz to be Jeb Bush's campaign manager via WSJPolitics 
FL lawmakers block Medicaid expansion as welfare entitlement while entitled to subsidized insurance MaryEllenKlas 
The L word (not that one, the other one) is making a comeback, reports hookjan 
Jeb Bush post-announce 6/19 $$$ in DC, then MIA, Tampa, Jax, Orlando, NY, Chicago, Houston, Dallas, Atlanta, Kennebunkport b4 6/30 deadline 
Jeb Bush's awkward flirtation will end June 15 as he rewrites rules of presidential politics, w poconnorWSJ 
Pink Slips at Disney. But First, Training Foreign Replacements. 
Pew poll: 56 Reps back legal status for undocumented but 63 say immigrants burden, not strengthen, the country 
Update: Ben Carson is 1st GOP candidate to commit to major Latino conf 
Jeb Bush hosting 2nd retreat for top donors July 9-10 in Kennebunkport, Me. 
Marco Rubio on Jeb Bush: "Theres multiple people running that I think will be credible candidates and obviously Jeb is one of them." 
Claro! 
Watchdogs won't drop complaints v Jeb Bush. "Any announcement...doesnt undo months of violations of federal law" 
15 GOP 2016ers invited to major Latino policy conference, only 2 or 3 expected. Hillary Clinton is only RSVP so far 
8 likely GOP 2016ers at IA immigration hardliner's forum in Jan. How many show up to pro-citizenship NALEO in NV? 
Jeb Bush to launch 2016 bid 6/15 at Miami community college that graduates the most Hispanics and blacks in the US 
15 GOP 2016ers invited to nation's largest gathering of Latino policymakers. Only RSVP so far: Hillary Clinton. 
Whoa 
Hialeah -- right in the backyards of Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio -- is the epicenter of Obamacare 
No-drama, anti-Obama GOP candidate forum in FL 
Bush: "It's hard to imagine my good friend Marco would be critical of his good friend Jeb." 
Jeb Bush says he was reading, "I forget which newspaper, it might have been the Wall Street Journal."Claro!  
Jeb Bush: "We need immigration reform, for crying out loud." Casts immigration as economic engine.  
Bobby Jindal decries "the Obamization of America" and calls for making "America America again." 
That bee charmer, Chris Christie: "A lot of these folks in the Legislature - I can't stand them!"  
Rick Scott asking the tough questions of Chris Christie, gov to gov: "Why do you care so much?"  
Scott Walker: "If I didn't think I could compete (in FL) I wouldn't be here today."  
Three hours into  first mention of Hillary Clinton, me thinks. Much more Obama bashing by GOP 2016ers 
Scott Walker name dropping FL spots: "We have a lot of good friends who live in the Villages." 
Asked about Hispanic outreach, Huckabee says "I don't like what I call ethnic politics" but says he got 49 of vote 
Huck adds re competing in FL primary: "I don't even know who my opponents are yet." 
Asked if he will compete in FL v Rubio and Bush, Huckabee says "it's too soon to talk about specific tactics." 
Rick Perry says he would rescind any nuclear deal Obama makes with Iran 
Huckabee backs legalizing importation of Rx drugs from Canada: "Who are we protecting? obviously not the people who need the medication." 
Huckabee says with fair tax "we would eliminate I mean literally eliminate the Internal Revenue Service, the biggest bully in America." 
Huckabee jokes about Rick Scott: "This is his conference and anything I can do to to suck up to him and his donors, I'm going to do." 
Marco Rubio at GOP pres summit in Orlando laments "outdated leaders" and says, "I think the time has come for a new generation of leaders." 
Carl Hiaasen on Jeb Bush's "epic weasel move" 
Revisiting the story of the lost soldiers of Floridas most powerful hurricane jenstaletovich 
Inbox: Jeb Bush says he's $5,674 short of his May fundraising goal, which he calls a "critical deadline." 
A FL Police Killing Like Many, Disputed and Little Noticed FrancesRobles reports no Broward cop charged since 1980 
Best museum ever! 
New and deadly route for migrants from Cuba to Nepal: Panama's Darien Gap via WSJ 
Huck backed trade w Cuba as gov, now says "President Obama sides with dictators" by taking off terror list 
Scott Walker says he's not conceding FL and that time Rick Scott ran into Rick Perry in Starbucks 
Cuba off the terror list 
The "Why Not Me?" GOP 2016 primary, from poconnor via WSJPolitics 
NYT on Jeb's climate stance: "No doubt he's willing to go out on a limb...and conclude that a dolphin is not a fish." 
Kids Love When Mom Sad Enough To Just Order Pizza via theonion 
Going to war in Iraq was wrong say 59-32, among indies 65-26, Rs 28-62 in new Q poll 
Bush follows Trump among "no-way" Republican voters in latest natl Q poll 
Hillary Clinton's you-go-girl 2016 strategy, from laurameckler via WSJ 
Two board members of Jeb Bush education think tank leave to avoid conflicts with 2016 campaign 
Come for the Lindsey Graham "epic eye roll" stay for the smart analysis on his feud w Rand Paul by hookjan 
Ex Walmart CEO Bill Simon, ex Jeb Bush policy dir resign from education think tank to focus on 2016 
Bobby Jindal launches political attack against Rand Paul -- on state government letterhead hookjan via WSJPolitics 
MT jonathanweisman A twofer: go after  now, boost the Dem that Republicans think they can easily beat next yr 
Fundraising is family affair for Jeb Bush: dad, mom, bro, wife and now sons George P amp; Jeb Jr at May 27-28 receptions in TX SunFoundation 
Ex-Im battle prompts Club for Growth to meddle in Florida Dem Senate race. Free-market conservatives for Grayson! 
Jeb Bush's sons George P. and Jeb. Jr. headlining Texas fundraisers for dad May 27-28, according to invites posted by SunFoundation 
Embattled Democrat Alan Grayson gets a hand from an unlikely source: the conservative Club for Growth 
Death in the Browser Tab, haunting essay by tejucole 
Rick Scott's never-ending campaign, by stevebousquet 
NH Republicans who backed W and HW slow to rally around Jeb Bush, reports jamespindell 
My fellow Rodef Shalom member Chuck Todd hosting a presidential candidate forum Nov. 7 in Orlando sponsored by the Union for Reform Judaism 
Even on NH radio, Jeb Bush still pushing back on notion that he won't compete in Iowa bc he is skipping straw poll. 
Jeb Bush: The climate is changing ...technological solutions for it but not at the expense of economic opportunity for millions of people" 
Jeb Bush on  in NH: "You dont have to worry about the media narrative, you can campaign directly with people." 
NH radio host calls Jeb Bush the frontrunner: "Dont know if I'm a frontrunner since I'm not a candidate but Ill take it" 
Hillary Clinton wants to allow felons to vote. That could mean a lot in a state like Florida, reports pbump 
If anyone has written brawnier stories about Jeb Bush than Sydney P. Freedberg (former St. Pete Times and Miami Herald) I don't know who 
Hillary Clintons top aides at State reviewed public records requests and withheld some docs, reports laurameckler 
Attn values voters: Bush, Walker, Rubio, Fiorina, Carson, Jindal, Christie, Paul, Cruz, Perry in DC June 19-20 for FaithandFreedom conf 
"The first 1000 words are really boring. The rest is really interesting." OHnewsroom 
Jeb Bush adviser sallybradshaw met w/ 20 COS to House Rs today: getting word out re conservative record, esp education, reaching members 
No. 4 House Republican Patrick McHenry of NH emerging as Jeb Bush's go-to guy on the Hill 
Jeb Bush tries to distance self from DC but seeking Capitol Hill endorsements as he competes against four senators 
Top Jeb Bush adviser seeks support on Capitol Hill tmrw w/ help of No. 4 House GOPer via WSJPolitics 
Endorsed Rand Paul 
Old money: Jeb donor recalls HW appt: "When you say youve been ambassador, people go a little bonkers." csstewart 
GOP field defines itself against Jeb Bush in Iowa reidepstein via WSJ 
Jeb Bush donors got red, blue. white amp; gold lapel pins for 50k to 500k 
Jeb Bush's top donors and their $$$, brought to you with the help of SunFoundation OpenSecretsDC MoneyInPolitics rebeccaballhaus 
Jeb Bush's top donors by the  79 former Bush WH staffers/appts, 24 Bush ambassadors, 11 billonaires, 6 team owners 
A look at the record-setting ground floor of the Jeb Bush 2016 campaign, w csstewart 
Jeb Bush signaled he'd might run for president five months ago but fundraising machine five decades in the making 
Jeb Bush: "Dont let Hillary Clinton get away with saying, well I would have done it differently...she was a partner with Barack Obama." 
Jeb Bush's new twist on stump speech: juxtaposing his econ record as FL gov (during boom yrs) w/ Obama's (during the Great Recession) 
Jeb Bush to GOP crowd in Las Vegas: "Im proud of my brother. He kept us safe during extraordinary times." 
Jeb Bush won't second guess brother's decision to go to war in Iraq, tries to steer debate to the future 
Jeb Bush in Reno repeats "mistakes were made" in Iraq but doesn't like "hypotheticals." Also: "I think the focus should be...on the future." 
Jeb Bush at Reno town hall urges strong US role in world affairs: "But for us, who?" 
Jeb Bush in Reno: "Under this administration the EPA has gone wild... they tried to regulate dust." 
Jeb Bush in Reno says biz experience is "deeply discounted" in DC. "This administration is basically run by academics and political hacks." 
Jeb Bush at town hall Reno: "First and foremost I am proud to be George W.'s brother..." 
Why Jeb Bush's Iraq war problem may not be such a problem. People are scared amp; most rivals want to keep it that way 
Jeb Bush to meet with Gov. Brian Sandoval during trip to Nevada. Let the short list rumors begin! 
Airport vendor put sesame bagel in panini press so it came out like a lightly toasted pita. And they say you can't get a good bagel in DC! 
