text 
While presidential race got attention, Democrats picked a nominee in one of most competitive Senate races. 
Sanders suggests his goal is no longer to win the nomination, but to influence party platform. 
Christie is wearing his scared face again. 
Trump on Sanders: "I think he should run as an independent." 
Someone please plug in the microphone. 
Whole lotta Trump face here. 
Laura Burton Capps is finally running for office. Not the one you might think. 
Obama, raising money for Dems, lauds "two candidates." 
First mention of President Obama comes less than 30 minutes into Senate debate. 
AG Kamala Harris calls for free community college/doesn't go full Sanders when asked if college should be free. 
kcranews The livestream is not working. 
Great news - congrats to both! 
Beyonce smashing up cars gt; Carrie Underwood smashing up cars. 
How did best paid TV actress accidentally join ultraconservative third party? Will discuss on MSNBC  11:45 
Loretta Sanchez was once a Republican. Here's how she ended up running for Senate. 
This week we published major voter project amp; won a Pulitzer. Feels just right to celebrate w/ margaritas amp; Prince. 
Listen to Donald Trump's robocall to Californians with no party preference, urging them to register as Republicans. 
I know talent when I see it. 
Favorite famous person who is accidental American Independent Party member is celebrity yogi Rainbeau Mars. Oops! 
This is great: 
OctaneBoy Thanks! 
Almost nothing on Spotify, so I'm honoring Prince by listening to Sheila E. 
RIP Prince. You meant the world to me for many years. 
Today's Essential Politics includes a math lesson on the differences between Republicans and Democrats: 
Trump loses Manhattan: 
Fun with maps  Sanders and Kasich winning right now in Broome County. 
The win, it's yuuuge: 
LOL at Kimberly Guilfoyle noting on Fox she was once San Francisco first lady. True, but does anyone really call it that? 
Police and SWAT teams arrive in near capitol in Sacramento. 
Our team is on the scene in Sacramento as authorities investigate suspicious car. Live coverage: 
So proud to be part of this team. 
Couldn't have done it without you! Congrats all around! 
How we did it: The story behind our American Independent Party story. 
If you think you are an independent voter in California, you had better check. Our major project lands this morning. 
Subscribers to our free newsletter will get the first look at a major political project we have coming Sunday. 
Subscribers to our free newsletter will get 1st look at major political project we have coming Sunday. 
In 2017, California will have fewer women serving in politics. 
I led newsletter today w/ fact Trump was last candidate not speaking at state convention. He's officially signed on: 
The data says one thing, but the energy, in L.A. at least, is with Bernie Sanders. Today's Essential Politics: 
The great AbcarianLAT talks to ariannahuff about her book on sleep at  
Team Sanders has volunteers registering voters at  today on USC campus. 
It was both fun and inspiring! Check it out at latimesbooks 
I'm joining garveylatimes livetweeting the Book Prizes for  over at latimesbooks. Join us! 
 
So excited for  Come see me, LATSeema katelinthicum today at LAT stage at 11am for prez race talk. cc latimesfob 
Has the 1st-ever California pot regulator smoked weed? That amp; more in mcgreevy99 Qamp;A with her: 
Breaking: Ted Cruz rallying supporters in California on Monday, nearly 2 months before primary. via LATSeema: 
Top Disney execs, Paltrow amp; Julia Roberts among celebs Obama dining with in Bel Air. CShalby is there: 
One of best I've worked with. I can't convince her to move to CA, so NY journos take note and hire her --gt; 
A good use of the love button. 
If officials won't build them bike lane, they say, "we have paint." Surprisingly interesting about bike lanes in CA 
If Donald Trump tries to hold rally in West Hollywood, this mayor promises to deny a permit 
We've got list of Hollywood fancy folks Obama is dining with tonight, amp; plus Fri breakfast at Tobey Maguire's house. 
Pamela Anderson, Tobey Maguire and the mayor of West Hollywood in today's Essential Politics: 
West Hollywood Mayor to Donald Trump: Stay out 
In the end, Clinton won only Milwaukee County, by about 7,200 votes. 
Democratic candidate wins 52 of the vote in Fresno race 
Wisconsin. Discuss. Will be doing so on cnni momentarily w/ DylanByers 
Pro-Trump super PAC pushing convention angle in CNN ad. 
600,000 new or re-registrants, and we're still two months away from the primary. 
Tune in and call in! 
California now has highest minimum wage in the country (Just don't tell New York) 
Hours later, Obama's California minimum wage statement arrives. 
That settles that! 
$15 minimum wage law is signed 
Obama statement on New York lands just as California wage hike is signed. 
NY vs CA? Brown, Cuomo sked to sign minimum wage bills within an hour of each other. We're covering CA's live here: 
Antonio Villaraigosa, Debra Messing and Andrew Cuomo all appear in today's Essential Politics: 
The losangelestimes Snapchat story on April Fools is superb. Kudos AliManzano amp; team! 
Found it! Here's pic of rollcall April Fools from last year. 
The old link appears to be dead but here's a  to reviving the fun rollcall April Fool's edition. 
California Senate passes minimum wage increase, sending historic measure to Gov. Jerry Brown: 
Breaking: California's Assembly passes measure to raise the minimum wage to $15. All but assured Senate passage. 
"Redding is not coastal San Diego." That and other soundbites happening now as Assembly debates minimum wage. 
In a Snapchat and Slack world, I find it crazy that people still send press releases that are 6MB attachments.  
Here's how Donald Trump might completely scramble California's June 7 primary. 
Importance of journalism --gt; 
palewire mazet Where is the dislike button? 
This is very, very cool. 
palewire You are a monster. 
Settlers players ... does this qualify for longest road? Asking for a friend. 
MattOrtega Also MRW is only for people who use GIFs which you know are not my skill set 
MattOrtega I used to know ROFLMAO 
NickBaumann I know! 
MattOrtega Once I found out what it meant (from a reporter on my team) it was real embarrassing. 
TIL what TIL means. Meta! 
Marco Rubio asks California to pull his name off the ballot 
Please be careful everyone. 
Will be discussing the presidential race and the USC Dornsife/LAT poll from 9-10 a.m. on KQEDnews. What do you think? 
Spotted in L.A.  
Breaking: Lawmakers have struck a deal on raising California's minimum wage to $15 johnmyers dillonliam scoop: 
Cancer sucks. Thanks to everyone working to find a way to stop it. 
audreycoopersf I don't know, it's pretty dark in there and has some cozy corners. 
No 2016 ballot measure to grab bullet train money 
Snap  
So, the Heidi Cruz situation. Will discuss on cnni in 9pm and 10pm hours. Thoughts? 
To be the first to know about our USC Dornsife/LAT poll, make sure you're getting our newsletter. Sign up here: 
A whole lotta Bernie Sanders today.  
I told you we have fun in this newsroom. 
Hey Twitter: If you could ask Bernie Sanders one question ... ? Also, make sure you're following losangelestimes on Snapchat! 
Tyra Banks, Bernie Sanders and Derek Jeter in today's Essential Politics: 
Cruz wins all 40 delegates in Utah 
Clinton managed to win sole Idaho county (Lewis) by one vote. 
Good for them for sticking it out. Voting is so important, no matter where you are or who you pick. 
Something for everyone. Except John Kasich. 
swsandell Would it surprise you I'm still writing the newsletter? 
Sanders won every Idaho county except Lewis County: 
Clinton says there are people running for president who are "literally inciting bigotry and violence." 
bdelossantos1 Just 10? 
Hey Snapchat - why don't we have an election results filter in California? We care here! cc PeterHamby 
ICYMI, LisaMascaro story on Heidi Cruz as her husband's not-so-secret weapon: 
White House water summit focuses on California 
amyfiscus Slackbot records? Life. changing. 
Today's Essential Politics includes myths, facts, and dinner with George Clooney. 
George Clooney, Phil Gramm and Merrick Garland all make appearances in today's Essential Politics. 
Welcome! 
"Hispanics love me" and other myths about the presidential election. 
I've resisted House of Cards tweets. But seriously, why are they campaigning in all these non-swing states? 
Ghosts of candidates past ... 
Chelsea Clinton, Ben Ray Lujn and Russell Simmons all appear in today's Essential Politics: 
"Unlike Trump, Pete Wilson ran against the immigration system and didnt attack immigrants personally." 
johnmyers Pained me to go with Duke ... (from the right account this time!) 
Biden open mic to Garland: "Good job." 
AP's feed had all 3,041 precincts reporting, but now is only showing 3,039 in -- two in Kansas City remain. 
Trump leads Cruz in Missouri by 1,636. 
All but 1 precinct in, Clinton leads Sanders by 1,531 in Missouri. Anyone need any clearer reason voting matters? 
This what happiness looks like when you work for a campaign: 
2,467 votes between Trump and Cruz 2,125 votes between Sanders and Clinton 
Rubio warns nasty politics could mean "people literally hate each other b/c they have different political opinions" 
Noted: None of the TVs showing Sanders. 
Kasich fundraising email arrives real quick: "Tonight's big win ... proved that Americans are tired of the negative tone" of the election. 
Rubio has 63 in Miami-Dade with 0 reporting ... so a strong absentee game. 
With .01 counted, Rubio is looking better than expected. 
Team Clinton sends email to scare supporters. "Trump could be president." He "can win a general election" if you assume others will stop him 
Are you voting today? Send us your photos, insights and dispatches! 
weberjess Would love to chat with you re Touching casting call. hristina.bellantonilatimes.com 
Today's Essential Politics includes Trump, two state lawmakers, and a bunch of candy made out of marshmallows. 
Spotted at  
Wow, blast from the past!  
Hey  Hope you can check out our election panel at 12:30 in Salon F at the Hilton: 
Also in Austin pool report, Obama makes fun of Trump steaks, wine: "Has anybody tried that wine? How good can that wine be?" (Laughter) 
Obama, several times after Austin fundraiser attendees chanted "Four more years!" had to say: "I cant do that." 
Spotted at LAX. I have really mixed feelings about this. 
Going to  Check out our panel! 
And nice touch that he said it with the proper capitalization. 
Lucky to have worked alongside Stephen Dinan, a good man and smart journalist even with his ridiculous Donald Duck ties. 
Delegate talk! I'll take a "brokered convention" square. Close enough. 
Cuba! Bingo square ... 
I should have put name-check Bernie Sanders on bingo card. 
Also had not expected "outpouring of love" would come up at this debate. 
Fact-check on Cruz: Iowa is not a primary. You should know, you won! 
Rats I should have put talking about their mother on the bingo card!   
It's all happening! Join us for  at The Regent! 
I hope you got it back! 
In today's Essential Politics, I invite you to join me for some debate bingo tonight in downtown L.A. 
Tonight is the most important night for the anti-Trump forces. Here's why. 
In Los Angeles? Come hang out with us and watch the debate Thursday. It's free! 
One of the most memorable moments in politics. 
Congresspeople, they're just like us? Why this one wants Cuba to send back man who hijacked his plane 44 years ago 
Trump leading all islands in Hawaii. 
Thank you, George Martin. I can confidently say the world is a better place because of The Beatles. RIP. 
Some context on Michigan as I indulge my 2008 flashbacks. 
Anyone else having "PUMA" flashbacks?  
52.1 of the vote in, 15,000 votes between Clinton and Sanders in Michigan. Follow along: 
Trump on call from Speaker Paul Ryan: "He could not have been nicer." 
Welcome to latimes, DelWilber! Excited to have you on our team. 
Nancy Reagan, Donald Trump's golf course and Clinton's next L.A. fundraiser in today's Essential Politics. 
I'm counting at least 4 mentions of "crumbling infrastructure" from Sanders. 
Overheard in my living room: "It's very practical. She could fit an iPad in each pocket." 
Pretty sure I convinced my Uber driver tonight why it's important to vote.  cc CShalby AliManzano mitrakalita 
Today in crazymail 
LisaDNews Finally a use of the  button on Twitter! Congrats! 
This Egyptian college student is facing deportation after Facebook comments about Trump: 
"The voters still have time to choose a better standard-bearer." 
Noooooooo 
How is Wasilla voting? Asking for a friend. 
I'm sorry but I can't stop watching this. 
A picture tells a thousand words. 
Meanwhile in Minnesota, can Rubio pull out one win? 
Cruz calls for uniting the party. Watch live: 
"I hope to be able to get along with everybody."  Trump 
Does he ever speak to the Senate? Yes, today in fact. 
Watch Trump live here: 
I'm biased but our interactive tells you everything you need to know. 
Riveting campaign speech about winner-take-all versus proportional. Get ready to grind it out! 
AP: Carson wins final delegate for NV GOP, now has 5 delegates. Track all of the delegates w latimespolitics here: 
Girl Scout officials said all that cookie dough would go to Inglewood troop. sarahparvini on how they'll spend $: 
Want to know what happened at  this weekend? Our team was all over it, so you can catch up quick: 
Sad to learn about More Magazine shutting down. Was an honor to be contributing editor amp; cover politics for women. 
Chavez family on board too ... 
Dolores Huerta, Meg Whitman and Joe Biden all make items in today's Essential Politics: 
amyfiscus We have it too  use Waze! makes L.A. drives a lot better. 
I hate very few things. But I hate that Sam Smith song. 
Downtown L.A. commentary. 
Meg Whitman unloads on Chris Christie for Trump endorsement. 
All but one precinct reporting, Clinton defeated Sanders by at least 175,527 votes. 
With every county reporting at least some votes, fair to say Sanders won't win any. 
"Tomorrow this campaign goes national!" Such 2008 flashbacks. 
Biden, Reich big headliners today in California. Former Labor Sec endorsed Sanders  what will Biden say? 
Wow. 
Day Two at  and our team is ON IT. Follow our special Essential Politics feed 
Awkward! 
Spotted in Virginia, a Super Tuesday state. I *think* this is a pro-Trump highway message. 
Catching Trump live on CNN and he's mocking Rubio for drinking water during SOTU response, also basically calling him short. 
Graham calls on reporters to ask Trump harder questions. 
Graham on Trump: "I don't think he understands what makes America great." 
Listen to the audio. A very serious moment at what usually is lighthearted  
Graham: "My party has gone bat-shit crazy."  
So this happened.  
Graham starts speech with self-deprecation saying it's "largest number of people I've talked to during a Republican debate."  
In  speech Boxer gives mocking Trump book title: "Pride and very prejudiced." 
Boxer declares she's not retiring, instead, "I'm going to be a Real Housewife of Beverly Hills."  
SpeakerRyan saves day, uses his iPhone torch to help Bill Plante see his  remarks in the dark. 
"I consider journalism a calling" -  Lifetime Achievement Award winner Linda Deutsch, inspiring us all. 
Deutsch concludes  Lifetime Achievement Award acceptance speech with, "We still have a long way to go." 
My seatmates for the  - should be an interesting night. 
I serve on washpressclub board because our nation's newsrooms should look more like America. 
Get excited!  dinner getting started soon. 
Freshman sees issue to fundraise off of, pounces. 
Thanks for ruining my morning latte msjwilly! 
A Trump nomination would be "the end of the Republican Party," proclaims former Cruz aide amandacarpenter on CNN. 
This just in: Scalia cause of death. 
I led today's Essential Politics with the most poignant quote from the weekend: "Donald Trump blocked out the sun." 
Sanders volunteers planning L.A. May Day rally. That and more in today's Essential Politics: 
We sent cmaiduc to Vegas to tell story of Californians helping campaigns. Surprise! Sanders and Clinton fans  
Taking their Bern very, very seriously. 
You probably forgot about them, but these Senate freshmen are a year into the job. Great read from bridgetbhc 
Pot, Chelsea Clinton and Joe Biden all make cameos in today's Essential Politics. 
Actual press release: Donnie Wahlberg endorses Rubio for president. Cue the NKOTB tunes!  
Trump *almost* has as many votes as Gingrich had in 2012, Rubio about 4,000 less than Romney. 
Trump "blocked out the sun" That quote from Team Bush sort of says it all. 
Next up, the fight for Bush's endorsement in Florida's March 15 primary. 
Breaking: Jeb Bush suspends campaign. Live updates at 
Just had a newsroom sad when no one here tonight is old enough to remember the Secret World of Og. 
Clinton just passed her 2008 Nevada popular vote win, with delegates still being tallied. 
First real mention of convention? 
Hungry for real solutions NOM NOM NOM 
Can we please take a moment to savor Nevada? Sanders wins this caucus when tie decided by deck of cards. 
Flashback video I shot from casino caucus in 2008. Check out the John Edwards folks. 
Check out Clark County, where 75 of Nevadans live. Smart annotations from our awesome data team. 
Flashback to Chelsea Clinton in 08 on strong youth vote: "That will fundamentally change our future for the better" 
guycecil Guilty as charged, sir. 
Follow our team's live dispatches from the Nevada caucuses at 
"You have a beautiful cat" ... and other scenes from Chelsea Clinton going door-to-door for her mom. 
When the student called Reagan a liar, it was shocking and disrespectful. Things have changed in 32 years. 
So proud of this talented team!  
Using the "cc" field is some next-level trolling. 
"Make Herstory" and other tees from "fashion's biggest names" now selling in Clinton store. 
cyram CahnEmily cameron_easley jasonjdick kaitiekov JusticeGGreen Ugh. Never going to convince me on this one. 
The list is so long, kurtisalee grouped it together in a handy guide. Here's who Donald Trump has insulted. 
My  video: a 2008 Democratic caucus in Nevada. 
Flashback to Latino Victory Find event at Melanie Griffith home, when actress told me she was backing Clinton: 
Latino Victory Fund backs Clinton: "While [she] is not a Latina, she supports the issues that matter most to the Latino community." 
Are you sure we're not living in some elaborate reality show dream? 
Whoa Pope. 
Remember when? I threw a little  to a 2008 Vegas caucus site in today's Essential Politics: 
Pick your SCOTUS contender, Ted Cruz sings and a  inside a 2008 Vegas caucus site in today's Essential Politics 
Terrific story from sarahdwire on XavierBecerra, a man in transition. 
What do you think of the GOP race? Discussing on cnni now. 
Why was John Kerry meeting with Hollywood executives to discuss the Islamic State? 
KevinYoungSoCal chucktodd brianstelter We've got tons of folks there and many stories already pubbed and more to come. 
ggforbes WayneEdH I would not characterize that as "right before" - and Obama did not face a primary 
Supreme Court speculation about Kamala Harris shadows Senate bid 
ggforbes WayneEdH What election? Was July 2011. 
Clinton hits Sanders w/ 2011 quote: "It would be a good idea if President Obama faced some primary opposition" 
Clinton robocall uses her comments from debate and Sanders comments from almost 5 years ago: 
Kamala Harris may end up on a short list. But here's why she's not likely to be Obama's SCOTUS nominee. 
Calefati !!! Do Reno and Sac share a media market? 
Boy does Living Social have a deal for you! 
Great piece from melmason katelinthicum on Sanders supporters working to get out the vote in Nevada. 
davidaxelrod Bad link ... 
francineorr jaylclendenin latimesphotos Awesome! 
Fact check: Cruz does have congressional support 
Fact check on Carson: If you are running for president, you are a politician. 
MikeACollier Thanks! 
Someone please find me a Vine of Cruz schooling Rubio in Spanish. 
No bingo card tonight, but if we had one I wish it would have had "magic pixie dust" on a square. 
"A fair hearing and a timely vote." Good luck with that! 
And then sometimes, news changes everything. 
Where do the candidates go from here? What do we expect from the GOP debate? It's Essential Politics: The Podcast! 
On Snapchat? Interested in politics? Join us! 
Hey, runners: We want to hear from you! 
Your weekly politics roundup. Join us live, and ask us questions! 
Eagle-eyed engagement editor CShalby notices Clinton has ghosted. 
Is this a debate panel or BadNewsBabes1 reunion? Or both! Love and miss tamarakeithNPR amyewalter LisaDNews  
Worth noting this campaign finance talk happening at exact same time Obama is raising cash with John Legend in LA. 
Before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare. Heard that before? Yes, she says it all the time. 
Good luck ladies! 
Among many refreshing things about NewsHour debate tonight on PBS - no hours of silly buildup! 
This is something else. 
1 way Jerry Brown tries to get his way  tucking big climate change priority into his budget. cmaiduc catches it: 
AdrienneLaF julietlapidos Not to mention a waste of a stamp! 
That time when you overhear an interview and the reporter asking a losing candidate, "How was the watch party?" 
Catching you up in 5 minutes or less on New Hampshire and beyond in today's Essential Politics: 
34 precincts to go and Trump has more than double  of votes as Kasich. 
acceou LAT did many stories on Yee amp; that elected on partisan basis. I've reported on Filner at other outlets. + was SDUT story not ours 
cc jbendery cFidd 
Bush won this precinct in Warren, N.H., capturing 28 votes over 24 for Kasich.  
"I have tens and tens of dollars in my pocket." 
Hadn't expected to be typing "aroused electorate." 
Sanders mentions fighting from Maine to California. See you June 7! 
Fiorina now playing "Push it." Because, you know, "Salt n Pepa's here." 
Petty's "Won't back down" is Fiorina's walk-off music. 
No reality here ... 
Oh man, having 2008 flashbacks. And the delegate fights begin. Pop some popcorn! 
Watching birthday boy mkraju! 
lornamjohnson Feel free to tip any time! ellantonilatimes.com 
acceou Actually I found out LAT style is not to include for nonpartisan office - not elected by party. Same rule would apply for sleazy R. 
For people remembering Clinton crying cafe moment, how about "Iron my shirt" moment? 
TheHappyLobster Looks delish but I am allergic! 
A little break to note it's just lovely here. 
Going to  Come to our panel on politics and social media. Here's a fun preview. 
Catch up quick on the campaign trail and California action in today's Essential Politics: 
"A symphony of superlatives" about himself, "a kaleidoscope of criticism" for others. Great cathleendecker piece: 
Downtown San Jose has a lovely skyline.  
Believe in love. Cheesy but a message we can all get behind. 
Flower Power Bowl. 
Hey CBS, that skyline was NOT the host city.  
A little politics on our Super Bowl liveblog: 
CatawbaPolitics Thanks! I updated our post. 
Good fact check! I'll update our post. Thanks ... 
johnmyers And SC doesn't have a team so of course it's their home team. But facts are facts. 
Seems to me this was the first debate that wasn't about Trump. 
Note to Cruz: The Panthers' home base is in North Carolina, not South Carolina. 
That was a great story from Bush, until the "likely to be alive" part. 
ConsultReid Carson, right off the bat. But he said it was his "anniversary" at first. 
Words I didn't expect to come up in the debate: saliva, urine 
Shorter Cruz: bomb a college. 
Taking a moment to recognize that my friend mkhammer is a badass. 
INJO doing some cool 2nd screen stuff. Keep yours to latimespolitics of course. 
All this Rubio bashing leaves someone on the state not saying much. Where's Trump? 
Rubio fact check: VP is not 1,000 years old. 
Up close pic.   
Video from scene of 6th Street Bridge demolition causing   
For perspective on last tweet, that's about as many letters as votes Ben Carson had in 4th-place Iowa finish. 
Crazy stat: 17,000+ letters to Coastal Commission opposing leader's firing, just 3 for it. 
It's exciting when Super Bowl comes to town, but for members of Congress who represent area, plenty scary, too. 
Thrilled to welcome allisonwisk of Dallas Morning News to Ca. as latimes state politics editor. She's a star, can't wait till she arrives! 
Congrats and welcome to the team! 
This is what happens very, very early in a campaign. 
A fun preview of my  panel next month on politics and social media. 
My favorite post from the debate was actually doing what Sanders suggested amp; searching for his name amp; Greenspan. 
KellyParkerLAT bdelossantos1 OMG. Want. 
Fave post tonight: actually doing what Sanders suggested amp; searching for his name amp; Greenspan. 
And at the expense of control of the House. 
Admakers everywhere saving this quote, for and against Clinton. "I've been vetted, there's hardly anything you don't know about me." 
Team Clinton texts this pic, says it's Podesta amp; Mook watching amp; asks: Who are you watching with? Send us a pic! 
So, here's what happens when you do type Sanders and Greenspan into YouTube. 
Following Sanders instructions on YouTube, part 3. Brings you to 03 hearing. And look who's there! 
Following Sanders instructions on YouTube, part two. 
Following Sanders instructions on YouTube. 
Ooh a new term for the political lexicon: "artful smear." 
2 minutes in and we have our first Donald Trump reference. 
There's one place politicians set aside their politics, at least for a moment. sarahdwire explains: 
TDNYPD KLSouth No it's both. 
Sacramento airport passengers passively watching coverage of Democratic forum. 
Does NH have as much on the line as the candidates? Terrific story from mikememoli: 
acceou Thanks for pointing that out. It should and I'll have them add it. 
San Diego on Tuesday agreed to pay $667,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit against former Mayor Bob Filner. 
maxschwartztv CNPA event tomorrow. 
johnmyers Ha! You've seen my office! I don't think you have anything to worry about. 
Hello, Sacramento! 
Find this person! 
For Groundhog Day, the California delegation's bills you'll see again ... and again ... and again. 
Jeb! and allies spent $2,845 per Iowa vote. 
Look out Sacramento! dillonliam arrives last week of Feb. Person after person told me: "Hire him. He's brilliant." 
Congrats to both - great reporter with great reputation. 
AlexandriaGrec0 You can email me at ellantonilatimes.com 
Pretty sure she spent less per vote than her CA Senate bid, but it's been a roller-coaster of a ride. 
Incorrect. This is why the love button was invented on Twitter. GIVE ME ALL THE PUNS 
Santorum Iowa votes in 2012: 29,839 Santorum Iowa votes tonight: 1,768 
Noted: Fox carrying Cruz speech others cut away from. The Iowa caucus winner is still speaking, guys. 
For nets who cut away, Cruz thanked his family profusely. 
The one way for a Senator to get big support: be hated by his peers? 
Flashback to March 23, when Cruz became 1st person to enter presidential race. pennstatetom photo 
Team Clinton can frame this as a win no matter what happens. 
Rubio thanks God a second time, for anyone counting. 
And there you go: Ted Cruz overcomes Donald Trump to win Iowa caucuses 
Love this. 
Rubio won this particular caucus in Ames. Cruz 2nd place. Rand Paul 3rd. 
"The eyes of the nation are on us," organizer at caucus on CSPAN says. 2 minutes later: asks for donations. 
It's very very early ... follow along with us! 
I'm such a nerd but I love this so much. God bless cspan. 
Love today's Iowa Caucus Snapchat story. Love even more it stars jasonjdick Al_Drago  
Enjoy! 
Work should always be this fun. Here's an Iowa caucus explainer, told with gummy bears. 
From Californians in Iowa to intra-party fights, catch up on politics in one quick click: 
Democratic infighting, gummy bears and Californians appreciating the Iowa caucus in today's Essential Politics: 
This millennial illustrates why Iowa is a swing state. Meet Charlie Comfort. 
Thanks! Is fun to track politics through people ... 
I've been tracking Charlie Comfort since 07. His evolution shows why Iowa is a swing state 
What happens when national Democrats meddle in local races? It can get ugly. jpanzar has inside details from Ca.: 
International folks interested in politics, will be talking about the Iowa caucuses on CNN International in about 15 mins. 
Happy caucus day, Iowa! 
Some big numbers here. 
Fingers crossed we're this lucky! 
And don't miss the video. 
God bless them that they're here. But you want an Iowa talking to an Iowan." 
Qantas Thank you. Husband said flight crew helped the person get medical attention. Glad they are safely back en route. 
Qantas Any way to get more information about the passenger? 
LOL. Have to admit this is clever. Got me to open! 
 have been saving this for more than a decade in case anyone wonders the counties Howard Dean won. 
Here's that video jpanzar wrote was coming. tommychong spends 2 minutes talking up SenSanders: 
Are you a subscriber to our free newsletter? It's pretty good ... 
 to a scene from inside a 2008 Iowa caucus. "Anyone for Christopher Dodd?" 
A5: Trump skipping may turn off some Iowans. We'll know when new DMR poll comes out!  
A3: Fox showing clips was smart. Christie didn't cross the line. Cruz still good debater.  
A2: cathleendecker had it right - Trump still dominated. Bush had strong night.  
A1: They had some canned lines to address Trump - Cruz's worked better than Bush's "teddy bear" line.  
Fave tweet of the night. 
O.M.G. Carson. 
Quick, someone make a meme of Russia's only horse! 
Split screen! 
Trying to find Fox stumbled on wrestling match involving potted plant. Thought it was debate for a moment! 
A5: Yes. Many Iowans will use this to make their final decision.  
A4: Unless they ignore him, he's still there in spirit.  
A3: This is Gov. Chris Christie's last chance.  
A2: I was in Australia amp; coverage focused on Cruz's attacks.  (Also, hi from our L.A. newsroom) 
A1: In a different order. Don't underestimate imagery of Trump missing from stage.  
estherswchan Sure. 
You've got questions, we've got answers. 
Vid from Arts District explosion site. 
It sounded like truck had hit our condo building. 
"The whole ground shook," said a woman watching fire trucks. 
There was explosion in Arts District. Fire seems under control now. 
Peppers feeling the Bern. 
Shoq Wow, looks like I missed a lot on Twitter today! I love it as a forum where everyone can express their views. 
Legislative days running out for Boxer, Capps and Farr. 
Shoq Or just flagging for people, like myself, who enjoy books on politics! 
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - Lexington Mayor Jim Gray, a Democrat, to challenge GOP's Rand Paul for US Senate in Kentucky. 
Meanwhile, in Washington ... 
Love this from sfpathe: member of Congress running for governor without officially telling people he's leaving. 
Looking forward to the new mattklewis book! 
andrew_hough I adore you.  
Hey politics watchers around the globe - what did you think of CNN town hall? I'll be discussing on cnni at top of the hour. 
Hillary Clinton coming back to California for February fundraiser. Both Bill amp; Chelsea are in the state today. 
Meanwhile, an important story in California as Feinstein works on compromise drought legislation: 
In which I introduce Essential Politics readers to the South Australian term "Heaps good." 
John Lewis warns that Trump sounds a lot like George Wallace. via jpanzar 
Great matchup with great colors in the greatest state. Can't wait for the SuperBowl! 
This means New Hampshire primary campaigning will be a little easier on SuperBowl Sunday. 
Woot! Sorry, Patriots, but your time is up. 
ByMeganONeil Thanks so much! 
Facebook surfaced oldie but goodie from 09 inaugural concert of jmartNYT BuzzFeedBen working harder than me. 
Journo friends may appreciate this South Australian gas station is called OTR. Meaning is closer to a campaign OTR. 
SOTU usually lacks authentic news. So we sent sarahdwire to see what the CA delegation gets up to during the day: 
SOTU is usually not much of a news event. So we sent sarahdwire to see what the CA delegation gets up to: 
Serious question: does anyone know if Boehner watched? 
Still time to grade the president. Snap to losangelestimes and check out sarahdwire getting member reaction. 
Grade the president! 
State of our union is strong. Bingo card. 
Clinton  money ask warns Trump or Cruz could deliver next one if you don't give her $. 
Unexpected endorsement of redistricting by bipartisan group. 
Some Democrats and Republicans have been calling for a vote on authorizing force for more than a year. 
Obama says ISIL, not ISIS. Another bingo square. 
First all-chamber standing ovation. 
Paul Ryan not clapping on marriage comment. 
First shot of empty chair next to First Lady Michelle Obama. 
SCOTUS member kissed. Bingo square! 
"Happy new year!" Obama tells members. 
FLOTUS shows her arms. Bingo square!  
Worlds colliding in latimes newsroom as Rams head to L.A. and we're covering  
Caught Charlie Rangel on the livemic. 
Why didn't I put Biden hot mic on our bingo sheet? 
Get excited! 
A fun experiment. Join us! 
Biden tees up tonight's big speech: 
WashPostPR TomLeGro Congrats Tom! 
First responders, Muslims amp; doctor depicted by Will Smith in the movie: these Californians are going to  
Someone in Cabinet sits out  in case all hell breaks loose. But just twice designated survivor has been a girl: 
The two times we could have had a lady president: 
Fun with social media! 
More than a dozen of CA's 55 members have some mass shooting stat in their districts. 
Border Patrol stopping cars leaving San Diego area this morning. 
Tommy Chong asks voters to "light up" for progress by backing Sanders. (via jpanzar) 
Tommy Chong, Kamala Harris and a politician who likes punk rock amp; Plato in today's Essential Politics. 
First award I have fundamentally disagreed with. That song ruined the movie. 
Spotted in LaJolla ... someone feeling the Bern. 
Proud to have improved this stat in 1st few months at latimes. We're lucky to have sarahdwire dedicated to The 55! 
Just had full-fledged freakout watching trailer. One of best books I've ever read. 
TeamLou23 Had a monster game tonight. So fun to watch! 
If you would have told me the Lakers would be leading in the fourth quarter, I would have laughed at you. 
Didn't realize Alex Rodriguez was here until someone shouted "A-Rod, you suck!" Go Lakers! 
"We've gone from being marginalized to the margin of victory." A look at the influence of Asian voters. 
Seven California Republicans jump on to Team Marco Rubio. sarahdwire has the details. 
KyleTrygstad Thanks, friend! 
Interesting from DougHeye on why he won't back Trump. 
Burkle, budgets and a brawl in Nevada. Today's Essential Politics is chock full of goodness. 
Interesting Trump to do convocation on Jan. 18 at Liberty since that's where Cruz launched his campaign. 
amyfiscus Back to your tweet about good quotes today ... 
Have Democrats found the right candidate to challenge one of the House's most vulnerable Republicans? 
Read this! Great book. 
alexis_levinson ! 
Bill Clinton back on the trail, the importance of Iowa and Trump's new ad. What do you think? Will discuss on cnni in 30 minutes! 
Clinton camp email goes after Sanders grassroots support. 
beccasilvas sxtxstate Sure. Email me and we'll try to schedule a time. ellantonilatimes.com 
New year's resolutions from Ca's congressional delegation sound a bit like you and me. Sort of. 
What do Lena Dunham, Rep. Judy Chu and Jim Henson have in common? They're all in today's Essential Politics. 
We're entering final screening mode for a California Politics Editor ... if you want to apply, now is the time! 
Classic. 
PhilipRucker daveweigel Never a truer airport code. 
Voter registration issues continue to get 2016 play. 
This is how Hillary Clinton wishes me a happy new year. 
Today's was the 74th edition of Essential Politics. Thanks for reading, and see you next year! 
Patricia Arquette started the whole equal pay push. Here's what she has to say about California's new law: 
What's going on with that whole voter database thing? cmaiduc explains: 
Patricia Arquette dishes on how California's new equal pay law might play out in Hollywood: 
ianbremmer Surprising San Bernardino is so small. Also: the dress! 
vpaige My guess is you've donated before? They know that and want more. I never have so it's lowest ask. 
Clinton $ email: "We can't make Donald Trump stop talking. But we can make sure he never, ever becomes president." 
I wanted to hate-read hiltzikm hating on Star Wars, but he makes an interesting business argument. 
Spotted at a shop near the Chinese Theater in L.A. 
This is one record I'm proud to say I contributed to: 
Big news from Sacramento as Gov. Jerry Brown pardons actor Robert Downey Jr. for past drug offenses. 
This rice farmer spoke more on House floor than any other member of Calif. congressional delegation: 
He's a rice farmer, a congressman, and the most talkative member from California: 
Clinton, Trump, gender amp; children. What do you think? Will be discussing in a moment on TheLastWord on MSNBC. 
If you seek some great reading to pass the time before Christmas, the Force is strong with our Star Wars page: 
! 
Okay, will discuss the great "schlonged" debate of 2015 on CNN in a few minutes. What do you think? 
Maybe he meant to say pwned? (cc: CamRollCall) 
What do Shrimp Boy, Donald Trump and Sharknado have in common? They're all in today's Essential Politics. 
These California lawmakers don't live in the districts they represent: 
Terrific, each and every click. billclarkphotos pennstatetom Al_Drago are best in DC. 
Amost forgot to update the chocolate straw poll. We'll miss you, Sen. Graham. 
True statement. O'Malley did too. 
Nothing in GOP debate either. 
About that Clinton break. ABC says the empty podium issue wasn't negotiated with the campaigns. 
"My plan is to make it work." Sanders' answer reminds me a little bit of Trump. 
Australian commentary at watch party: When there are three people on stage, why don't they ask them all the same questions? 
"He is becoming ISIS' best recruiter." Clinton on Trump 
Oh no. So sad to hear. 
ryanbeckwith tim_brannigan eureferendum Where do I get one of those "idea booklets"? 
Sanders camp fundraising email subject line: DNC tipping the scales for Hillary Clinton. Will we resurrect the PUMA groups from 08? 
Attention Bloomberg journos: You're gaining terrific journalist amp; top-flight human being. Prepare to laugh a lot. 
Great column from LATimesSkelton but I disagree. Californians absolutely have power to demand more of a role: 
Big deal --gt; HMO giant Kaiser Permanente plans to open a medical school in Southern California 
Kittens, Richard Riordan and Jimmy Kimmel have something in common. They're all in today's Essential Politics. 
Riordan on hand for warm L.A. welcome for Cruz, notes Bush isn't doing as well. 
California came up at least 24 times on main debate stage. Wasn't the way we wanted to matter in presidential race. 
I guess I'm not surprised the Internet liked when Trump gets insulted. Roll tape: 
nathanlgonzales ! 
Anyone out there get bingo? I was one square off. 
Jordan's king goes from friend to forgotten for Chris Christie. 
Ah, a sort-of mention. 
Tom Steyer's NextGen airs ad on climate change, which has not yet come up in  
Mention of a website. Bingo square! 
Somehow thinking about Will Ferrell as Bush on SNL saying he can hardly hear Carson. 
Attacking media ... perhaps most predictable square. 
I stand corrected. Sort of. 
This has to be first time airplane oxygen masks have been mentioned in a debate, right? 
Protester seemed to have gotten in. Bingo square! 
Damn, should have put "purple unicorn" on the bingo card. Still have fingers crossed for "Princess Bride" mention. 
Should have put audience boos moderators on bingo card. 
Does it seem like they are using more first names than ever in this debate? 
"You're not going to be able to insult your way to the presidency." But what about to the nomination? 
ErikWemple Oh it's there. 
Candidate declining a chance to speak might be a first. Carson says he doesn't want to get in the middle of a fight. 
Bingo square: Christie looking in the camera. 
Carly Fiorina was wrong on Twitter  it's nearly a decade old. 
Candidate complains he's not getting enough time. Another bingo square. 
"This will be the debate Americans talk about at Christmas." I plan to be talking about Star Wars. 
We know one person who didn't take part in Carson's moment of silence. 
Bush's "chaos candidate" reminds me of "Chaos Cass" on Survivor.  
Bush got a haircut. cc HuffPostHill 
Prediction: This might be the most discussion about Southern California in any debate, ever. 
Graham has strongest line so far on Trump. 
Get excited, debate bingo is back! 
Excellent. See you on the Best Coast! 
Couldn't agree more. He is the best of the best, and this story was heartbreaking. 
This is the best thing that's happened today: 
Emma_Dumain meredithshiner rollcall WARojas cbellantoni I do what I can. Also, congrats! 
Drought fights, Elizabeth Warren, Loretta Sanchez and Dolores Huerta in today's Essential Politics: 
sarahdwire has been all over the spat over water as Congress races to avoid government shutdown. 
A reminder of how quickly we've seen social change in this country. 5 years after coming out: 
sarahdwire keeps up her reporting on the spat over water as Congress races to avoid government shutdown. 
Greenpeace reax positive, but: "much in the text that has been diluted amp; polluted by people who despoil our planet" 
When union fights muck up debate plans. 
Holla. 
If you had any doubt this was an emotional debate, read this. 
That stache though... 
Negotiators are working through the night. How close is a climate deal? 
Could the government shut down over a water dispute? 
Clinton, muppets, Steve Knight, Jerry Brown amp; drought fights in today's Essential Politics: 
It's the final stretch in Paris. Follow along on our live blog: 
A fitting tribute, one week after the massacre. 
Another great editing role at the latimes: join the Business Desk! 
Are you fat, Jewish, Asian, breastfeeding, Muslim, in a wheelchair or Latino? Montgomery has a role for you. 
Remember princesses dropping f-bombs? CShalby scoops that vid's creators are cooking up spot for Trump-with actors: 
We're filling a really important role at the latimes. Tell all your friends: P.S. it's 81 degrees. 
Is it at all possible this is one great reality TV hoax? 
This is not a small deal. Cue the reaction machine. 
Serious work going on in Paris. Follow along on our liveblog. 
Today in political discourse. re: our Twitter cover photo. 
She came in on a K1 fianc visa. Here are the questions she had to answer: 
An Oval Office ask of Congress, and gun control gets fresh look in Sacramento in today's Essential Politics: 
Are you a terrorist? Just one question Tashfeen Malik would have had to answer for K1 visa. See them all: 
And  ChrisMegerian 
Nifty graphic showing where Obama focused most of his attention in his speech. 
Obama on religious tests: "When we travel down that road we lose." 
Obama 1st needle of 2016 GOP candidates: "Reject religious tests on who we admit into this country." 
You'll hear this quote again: "ISIL does not speak for Islam." 
Obama frames his approach to ISIS as "sustainable." 
Obama on Congress: "It should go ahead and vote" on AUMF request he sent in Feb. 
Obama has pointed asks for Congress, first 2 on guns: 
Why ISIL vs. ISIS? Flashback to this excellent DavidEldridge explainer: 
"ISIL: A group that threatens us all." 
"In any country where it is necessary." 
Comparing San Bernardino to Ft. Hood, Chattanooga. 
Interesting visual: Obama standing, not sitting at the desk. 
Watch live: Find our analysis here: 
Obama's last Oval Office address was 19 mins long, was on ending combat operations in Iraq: 
10 minute countdown. Watch live: Find our analysis here: 
Context for speech: Obama ask to Congress on AUMF for ISIS. 
Im not shot, I dont have a family member whos shot, I dont have anybody whos dead. But I cry for them. 
No prayer-shaming here. Beautiful piece from CShalby after spending two days in San Bernardino: 
WH released photo of Obama meeting w/ advisors on attackers being radicalized. Our updates: 
This state is about to have a major gun debate. 1. and 2. 
Inside the room. A chilling, detailed account from what could have been an ordinary office party: 
Someome asked if we ate all the pizza. Hilarious question. 
Jim Costa challenger has been pushing on refugee issue for a month. 
This is what a newsroom eats when it's doing incredible journalism. 
Both heartbreaking and uplifting. 
Interesting from DavidEldridge - Glassman says current prez debate structure unfair. 
Not the way we wanted to welcome CShalby to the LAT, but glad to see her first story: 
How can we possibly know what it's like for San Bernardino residents? dexdigi does, amp; writes it beautifully: 
Third time I've cried today. Shooting victim's text to family: 'Love you guys ... Was shot.' 
Here is the latimes San Bernardino special section front page. 
Enough lawmakers have experienced it that Congress could form a Mass Shootings Caucus. Today's Essential Politics: 
Got a look at tomorrow's special section on  shootings. I am so deeply proud of the latimes. 
Too many tragedies: We become a family when this happens. Unfortunately there is a history here, Lois Capps said. 
CA speaker stmt addendum: "Part of us, sadly, also instinctively wants to start steeling ourselves for the news of the next one to come." 
Our entire latimes team is tracking the details from San Bernardino here. 
Perspective on the location of the shootings: 
"There are fatalities" 
Tweets I hate sending. 
From sex worker to Hill staffer. Great story from Beckgale: 
Move over, ... the artists behind a Bernie folk song are aiming to shift the race. 
Government job is "a generational opportunity," lawmaker said. 
Finally a use for the "love" button on Twitter! 
Super exciting McCulloughStar is joining the latimes family. Baseball, look out! 
Omarosa, Barack Obama and Kevin McCarthy in today's Essential Politics: 
We're keeping an eye on the climate talks in Paris. Follow along on our liveblog: 
Congrats! 
Dick Riordan, Jeb Bush, Norma Torres and Elon Musk are all mentioned in today's Essential Politics: 
One of those break-your-heart stories that makes you want to do more good in the world: 
Today in White House Thanksgiving dessert options: Banana Cream Pie, Coconut Cream Pie, Pumpkin Pie, Apple Pie, Pecan Pie, Cherry Pie 
Davidlaz Womp womp 
cFidd 18 mutual friends! 
Conundrum. cc cFidd 
Prettt sure this isn't supposed to happen 12 hours after you buy the sweet potatoes. 
Turkey, the state treasurer amp; an Iowa caucus primer in today's Essential Politics: 
stuart_oneill Is this what you are looking for? If you give me your email address I can add you to the list. 
Sure, but the guy is a murderer! 
When a line in an FEC report becomes a terrific story --gt; 
Something tells me this could invite snarky responses. 
Trump hats, Democratic donor backlash and a massive voter database in today's Essential Politics: 
Bradley Byrne tells sarahdwire he is fed up. 
Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are very different. Find out how in today's Essential Politics: 
Ouch, Pew poll edition. 
Sad to cancel Wash Post print subscription after a dozen years. No delivery in California! Still proud digital subscriber. 
TexasTribAbby I agree! 
 was so fun! Enjoyed sunshine, made new friends amp; explored L.A. in totally different way. Thanks, greatlawalk! 
hawthorneLAT on rediscovering and reimagining L.A.  
This is happening. 
Not really sure how I am supposed to answer the question posed, sir. 
It took 2 months for the Sanders mural in downtown L.A. to get tagged. 
AmandaBecker It's 82 here. 
nw8pdx jonsteinberg31 Working for me? 
And this too ... 
It's real good ... join us! 
DLahoda Trying to reach you. Please let me know best way to get in touch. ellantonilatimes.com Thanks! 
LAFreewalls Trying to reach Daniel. Please let me know best way to get in touch. ellantonilatimes.com Thanks! 
1 of the most insightful things I've read about always-on-message Nancy Pelosi, via jonsteinberg31 
CahnEmily OMG 
Rand Paul pledges to block refugee bill if it doesn't have his amendment barring refugees from getting welfare benefits. 
Vote isn't shaping up along party lines in country's largest delegation. 
Texas congressman settles sexual harassment case out of court: 
Forgot to update my GOP presidential chocolates with the Jindal news yesterday. All fixed now. 
Important story --gt; 
Yes, Marco? 
Interesting project, and I can vouch they are doing their homework. 
Congrats to MEPFuller amp; rollcall - I'm glad you kept with HFC reporting even as some of us scoffed. 
The president accuses GOP of fostering hysteria in today's Essential Politics: 
Obama: "They were too scared of press being too tough on them ... Now they are scared of 3 year old orphans. Doesn't seem so tough to me." 
70 decibels! 
Trying to make sense of it all in today's Essential Politics: 
Political discourse in America, summed up in Twitter replies: 
Ryan's office: Speaker asked for all member classified briefing on Paris; DHS Sec. Johnson amp; FBI's Comey to brief House tomorrow 
MacaLescornez We're looking for people to work in California ... get in touch. 
Are you a journalist who speaks Spanish? Get in touch! ellantonilatimes.com 
Sen. Mikulski among new Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients. 
Clinton: "I need you to caucus for me." 
"No dollar is too small." Correct, O'Malley. Because it is a dollar. 
Not quite to bingo, but Planned Parenthood reference marks another square. 
Drat: We were wrong on one bingo square (Sanders wants to talk about Clinton's emails after all) 
O'Malley mentions his own website ... another bingo square. 
If the Annie Oakley hit sounds familiar ... 
Signs of how party has shifted. 1 year ago, would never have predicted these words from debate stage: "That's why Bernie's right." 
Candidates talk over one another. Bingo square! 
"A majority of my donors are women. 60." (Something campaign flagged in Q3 release) 
"Teddy Roosevelt is right." 
Darn, should have put Clinton laughs in THAT WAY on the bingo card. 
And Obama is defended on immigration, so another bingo square down! 
My bingo card is filling up as Trump is dissed. 
I'd like to know the identity of Sanders' "Republican friends." 
Clinton: "Yes, taxing the wealthy more." 
Sanders camp has already sent two fact-checks, Seems more organized/forceful than last debate. 
Rubio mention ... Bingo card getting a lot of action already. 
Sanders' hair definitely neater this evening. 
Sanders showing he wants to be aggressive tonight. Going after Clinton on Iraq, similar to Obama stance in 08. 
One bingo square down - pantsuit is worn.  
7 minutes until the debate, O'Malley asks for $ 
Join us! 
Congratulations and  to CShalby, headed our way soon.  
Not in the "how to win in Iowa" playbook: 
Classic from RiegerReport - how Harry Reid bullies nielslesniewski: 
Getting tense in California  Loretta Sanchez has harsh words for Senate rival Kamala Harris: 
It's Tinder for presidential candidates, and davidhorsey animated it. 
Randomly came across this 2008 profile I wrote about VP Biden, post-Iowa and pre-running mate. 
Nice lede, haileybranson! 
I went to a wedding instead of watching the debate. Then I watched cable news. Here's what I learned. 
This is one reason I nag everyone in my life to drink water. 
What do Linda Sanchez, sethmeyers amp; Maria Bartiromo have in common? They're all in today's Essential Politics: 
lynnsweet on The Daily Show tonight looking fly. 
Great writer amp; editor, kind person amp; all-around team player. Congrats to both on well-deserved leadership role! 
"He said the Secret Service wanted to go on Thunder Mountain again." DisneyWorld visitors dish on Biden visit: 
VP Biden made secret Disney detour this weekend. Details in today's Essential Politics: 
johnmyers explains why November 2016 might be a blockbuster ballot in California. 
Friday news dump much? 
Win. 
 One of the best. Congrats Hannah! 
jpanzar wanted to know more about Pelosi's vineyard. He went digging amp; uncovered a great grape mystery. 
Pretty much know it's going to be a great story when it has the word "Whoops" in the headline. 
melmason You have to go to Chuy's of course, East Side King can't be beat. And I love Imperia. Must get edamame there. 
Very kind, thanks! Glad you're enjoying it. cc latimespolitics 
Congrats to a terrific editor! 
Speaker Ryan NRCC blast: GOP needs "grassroots support to maintain and grow our majority" 
California boasts both the richest and poorest men in Congress: 
One Darrell Issa is worth 5,404 Kevin McCarthys. Yes, I put that headline on today's Essential Politics: 
Speaker of the House, third in line to presidency and sleeping in his office: 
EvanMcSan MollyEMcCluskey BuzzFeed PressClubDC Is Twitter dead? 
1st Sanders TV spot breaks some of the conventional rules of politics. My take in Essential Politics: 
AshLee Strong returns to Capitol Hill as Press Secretary for the new speaker after stint on presidential trail with Walker. 
Ryan reaffirms immigration ain't happening: Here's how 2 CA Republicans feel about that: 
Super Halloween pool report: Im trick or treating, you know, Sanders replied. 
Great story, awful video showing a police taser lighting someone on fire. 
I love that kaitiekov pulled off her idea of Wealth of Congress superlatives: 
A secret Biden breakfast, Tony Bennett and the congressional football game in today's Essential Politics: 
Paul announces plan to filibuster budget deal from debate stage. 
California mention. Ooh la la. 
Blimp mention! 
Why didn't I put candidate offers to get moderator high on the bingo card? 
Christie has the elbow on podium, talk to America thing down. 
Speaking of French work-weeks, in Washington lawmakers are playing in congressional football game. 
Mention of website bingo square: 
Why didn't we put mention of flying on the bingo card? 
Pretty sure HRC's DC's home is within 10 miles of White House, so Christie basically promising to foreclose? 
Get your debate bingo right here: 
You might recognize that runaway blimp from our front-page investigation into the $2.7B project: 
San Diego paying $99K settlement for sexual battery amp; harassment lawsuit against former Mayor Bob Filner. 
Is it the popemobile, or a golf cart for MRSPKR? 
Go figure: Budget language used to rename part of the Capitol. From the fab bridgetbhc: 
Handy to have an Australian husband when CA state lawmakers go there for drought research: 
Clinton's team hoped to prevent same kind of breakout performance from Sanders that Obama had 8 yrs ago at JJ. 
Your cheat sheet to which stars are backing which candidates: 
How many Californians knew who Adam Schiff was before today's marathon? And how many know now? 
Did you ever order pizza and watch "Survivor"? 
sarahdwire has all the details of that McCarthy/California GOP letter to Jerry Brown and Obama: 
Or: "The truth is out there." 
I'm no math stud, but "half a 100" is 50, right? 
Shorter California GOP: Hey government, get out the buckets! 
For the record, I have never called him Middle Class Joe. 
Simplicity: It has closed. 
Timing is everything - just in from WH email blast. 
Sarah Silverman declared her love for Bernie Sanders but opened her checkbook for Hillary Clinton: 
Michael J. Fox gets in on the fun to further his medical research cause. 
shelbygrad DavidLauter cathleendecker BobDrogin Wow! 
Ryan suggests shift from "opposition party to proposition party" - someone has been practicing. 
LisaMascaro has the details of Paul Ryan's conditions for a speakership bid. 
While we wait, here's my favorite story about Joe Biden: 
First story from sarahdwire! 
angela_rye Thanks!!! 
That time Joe Biden forgot to pick up his caucus cards, the night before the caucus: 
! 
Bill Clinton hitting the trail to join Hillary Clinton at JJ Dinner in Iowa. 
Nice work from TexasTribAbby getting Nancy Pelosi to make some news on GOP search for a speaker: 
Nugget of the week in WaPo Fiorina story. 
Would love if you subscribe. 
 sarahdwire  Starting Monday with latimespolitics to closely cover the 55 members of California delegation. 
Great final piece. Excited johnmyers joining our team next week!  
melmason Can we google said commenter and do a Hot or Not poll? 
Fictional characters get corrections, too. 
We'll make sure you get plenty of tacos and expensive juice when you visit the mother ship. 
Love this TheCityMaven story on Janice Hahn, still doing day job in DC as she runs for local office in CA. 
Hot Biden story from mikememoli as VP closes in on a decision: 
RoseKapol BarbaraBoxer nathanlgonzales Interesting, thanks! 
Sounds like the makings of a campaign message. mikememoli with juicy Biden details. 
Can't recall having seen this in a $$ release before: Clinton says more than 60 of campaigns donors this quarter were women 
Inbox: Only 270 of Sanders 650,000 donors gave the maximum $2,700 allowed. 
I talked to Melanie Griffith about the presidential race. I left out the f-bomb. 
Here are the faces of the Sanders grassroots army. 
From debate coverage to brothel reporting, jpanzar is multitalented.  
What she said. First woman on our masthead. Now, there are 6. 
The tremendous margarettalev asks Biden about debate. He says: "I thought everyone of those folks did well. Thanks." Then left the room 
InOtherNewsNow Thanks for noticing! 
It was definitely a Sanders crowd at the  
HateManBaby latimes I definitely have a "California is important" bias. 
I guess not if we count Obama and bin Laden, sort of. 
First time a candidate has used killing someone in a debate? 
"I know what it's like" to be a mom is a very interesting line. 
Clinton notices California's size and importance. America wins.  cheers 
Secret meeting with the Chinese also not on bingo card. Rats! 
Webb gets boos for nuclear power support at  
Not one but two references to being the first woman president. 
Calls for "political revolution" getting ear-splitting cheers at  Webb reax gets boos. 
O'Malley trying for Trump bump by calling him "Carnival barker"? 
Lively  crowd tonight. 
TweetnTipsy So glad to hear from you. Do you happen to have our email exchange from back then? I'd love to re-read. 
Crowd at  goes bananas for "damn emails" and handshake. Listen: 
Ack, why didn't we include candidate complains about amount of time they get on bingo card? 
I'm guessing GOP probably liked the "damn emails" line too. 
Get ready to hear that line one gazillion times. 
Biggest laughs of the night at  so far as Clinton reminds  O'Malley endorsed her in 2008. 
Clinton has pleasant resting face down. 
Bingo square! Candidate mentions his or her website. 
Interesting way to work President Obama into debate, Clinton. Reminder he opposed her but trusted her to lead his foreign policy. 
Chafee's "I did my homework" line got loud applause at  
"Have you ever been to the Eastern Shore" - said no one in a debate ever until tonight. 
Boos and hisses for Webb during Affirmative Action answer at  
 attendees think O'Malley's having some vocal chord issues. 
Can't believe we didn't consider putting rock of granite on our bingo card. 
Not a lot of capitalist love at  in downtown Los Angeles. 
 attendees using these signs to weigh in on tonight's  
Another bingo square for socialism. 
I'm a progressive but a progressive who wants to get things done is first line of the night. 
Clinton definitely going for lady vote -  likes her calls for paid family leave amp; noting daughters can know they can be prez 
Chafee mispronounces Nevada but gets cheers at  for saying he's had no scandals. 
Consensus if Clinton's outfit qualifies as pantsuit? Am torn on if it deserves bingo square.  
Sanders gets loudest cheers at  watch party of  in downtown Los Angeles. 
Here are 5 things we'd ask tonight. What would you ask? 
Will Sanders appear less rumpled? Will a pantsuit be worn? Get your interactive debate bingo here: 
cyram Was Niels involved? 
Clinton fundraising email: "Its not about the money. Its about knowing that when I step on that stage, youll be behind me." 
Beautiful piece on the life of White House aide Brandon Lepow, who lost his battle with leukemia last night: 
Still time to join us tonight! RSVP: Follow along: 
Not The Onion  president crashes wedding and couple isn't super pissed: 
So sad to see the news about Brandon Lepow. Sincerest condolences to his family. He was a good man. 
It has been 2,736 days since Hillary Clinton was on a debate stage. 
BleuZ00m latimes Thanks! Sorry it's not live yet. Will tweet out when it is ... 
First time a city council person has been tased? 
Want to watch the debate with me tomorrow night in Los Angeles? Join us at The Regent: 
VP Biden coming to L.A. again. 
So basically the melting ice in Arctic made it cheaper, easier for Exxon to explore for oil. Incredible: 
nathanlgonzales Right? Fingers crossed! 
My day with Obama in L.A.: 
Big deal: New law means millions of Californians will be registered automatically to vote at DMV: 
Join us at 4pm at Politicon in room 515A! LATSeema MoElleithee RichardGrenell latimes 
Newsflash from Senate hopeful. 
Kamala Harris about Loretta Sanchez at Politicon: "We've seen each other. I wouldn't call us friends." 
Getting a Moran back in Congress would be interesting: 
Join us this afternoon at Politicon. LATSeema MoElleithee RichardGrenell on CA's role in politics. 
Another terrific look from mikememoli, one of the Biden experts: 
A lot of sads being had today. 
mallorybrookes Salt and sugar makers everywhere rejoice. 
Don't freak out yet, you have 4+ years until it hits. 
Wasn't meant to be a laugh line, but people cracked up. 
Excited to be part of  town hall by calfund. Engaging in politics is part of community building. 
Simply incredible. Also, makes this billclarkphotos image all the more relevant. 
We did an online poll. Here's a transparent Qamp;A explaining why we're trying this experiment. 
FiveIronFanatic Indeed! 
Join us at our Democratic debate watch party! 
Guess the presidential candidate ... This book is hot off the presses. 
Traffic, not crime, the biggest worry for people in L.A. 
Shoq That's very kind, thanks! Hope all is well! 
Everyone's favorite topic, Joe Biden. Should he or shouldn't he? Coming up on TheLastWord on MSNBC. 
Want to join me at Politicon? Sign up for our new newsletter and we'll send you a code for free tickets: 
Big deal for former Seminary student. 
ChrisConfalone Thanks very much! 
Nice to talk about a light topic for a change! 
Well, it's no Chevron. 
bradywestwater Checked your spam filter? Sometimes they drop off if they get bounce back. I can add you manually via email if you'd like. 
Join us! We keep it short and sweet. 
PartyCatOlivia Thanks! $10 from a market in London. :) 
What did you think of Clinton on SNL? Will discuss now on CNNReliable. 
Tune in Sunday morning! 
Indication he's open to considering their pleas for signing assisted suicide bill. 
First time Donald Trump is used in a dating site's marketing campaign? 
Rare look at an influential big donor. 
ryangsims Interesting, sorry I didn't realize. 
Oopsie - one campaign fundraising appeal (from Kentucky's Jack Conway) comes too late. 
Overheard in the newsroom: "What's the difference between poke and ceviche?" 
Today's Essential Politics, in which we analyze those fundraising emails so you don't have to: 
Digging deeper ... 
Amazing headline atop an unbelievable story: 
stevesaldivar Love the cover photo  how did you make it? 
When it's easy to get "Whoops!" in a headline  Compton councilman stumbles out of the gate: 
Excited to welcome sarahdwire to the latimespolitics team. She'll cover the 55 members of the delegation for our new project. 
House leadership elections to be Oct. 8. Get excited! 
Rand Paul campaigning for Matt Bevin in KY gov's race this weekend. Stickling close to home. 
As James Risen wins 1st Amendment award, Christie Hefner says she's disappointed in Obama on secrecy: 
So many juicy details in this Noahbierman deep dive on Pelosi amp; McCarthy's (lack of a) relationship. 
Spent 15 minutes talking about politics at Playboy Mansion. Topics covered include Biden, Loretta Sanchez: 
James Risen accepts Hefner 1st Amendment award. Says society needs to find way to "reward whistleblowers" 
Covering Hefner 1st Amendment awards. Victor Navasky getting lifetime achievement. My 2013 interview w/ him: 
Proud of JustinPKenny amp; team. And his Emmy acceptance speech is pretty terrific: 
Subscribe to get it in your inbox, or read today's Essential Politics: 
That's some dramatic video advertising Planned Parenthood hearing in front of jasoninthehouse: 
Can you say contingency plan? 
Just noticed Pelosi said Friday she learned Boehner news while in a meeting. (They'd played phone tag): "The phones just lit up." 
Just noticing: Obama statement on 20th anniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women doesn't mention Clinton. 
ChadPergram on cover of today's LAT. Miss you, buddy! 
"The picture, however, was great!" Classic Trump reax to Davidlaz column in 2007: 
Seems like perfect  for this pennstatetom Boehner masterpiece 
Kudos, pennstatetom - one reason you're among the best of the best. 
Boehner said decision made this morning to bid long-planned resignation: "Today's the day I'm going to do this. As simple as that." 
Pink tie = color of time to golf? 
There's a zombie program the government spends $2.7 billion on. Not kidding. 
Thanks, and congrats to you cmarinucci! 
melmason johnmyers Flames is exactly right. Can't wait! 
billburton johnmyers Stay tuned! 
Thrilled to welcome johnmyers to the latimes as Sacramento bureau chief. Welcome to the family! 
The close is simple, perfect: "God bless America." 
Courage the theme of the morning from  
Pope channelling Bernie Sanders. 
Kaine's death penalty stance was big issue in 2005 gov's race. 
CSpan cameras hopefully showing Tim Kaine. 
To get to know those stories of refugees, the latimes Fleeing Syria project is a great start: 
Who are Pelosi and McCarthy's guests for  Find out in today's Essential Politics: 
Billionaire and climate change activist Tom Steyer among Pelosi's guests for Pope speech. 
Nice lede, StevenTDennis: Miss you. 
Ron_Christie IOPfellows HarvardIOP Thanks Ron! 
Any Italian speakers out there? 
Have you signed up for Essential Politics? Today's is on $2,700 photos with Hillary Clinton: 
This apparently is the question of the day. 
Sainthood for Serra touching lots of political nerves: 
Biden grandkids among airport greeters. 
Behold: a calculator to find the cheapest pizza near you. 1 problem: it's only chains. 
A Carly onesie, for your baby or your dog. 
Russ Feingold gets in on the Scott Walker action. 
Walker press conference in Madison tonight. Doesn't sound promising for his candidacy. 
GOP debate chocolates finally made their way to my office. Rick Perry amp; Jim Gilmore made it in the box. 
Jake was positive not just for positivitys sake but in a deeply contemplative and joyous way: 
I just printed a tweet to give someone an assignment. I think this makes me officially old. 
Loving Snapchat Campaign 2016 story. Kudos PeterHamby! (PS O'Malley's cartoon needs a "former.") 
PacoTorresCA Courtesy is nationwide. We credit other people when they're first. I did it when starting my career in San Jose, too. 
Strange, did a find for "as first reported by the LA Times" amp; it didn't come up. But indeed: 
Only 3 instances where it worked, speaker's move going after someone in own party called "shocking" 
You don't want to miss our Fleeing Syria project, it's heartbreaking. 
Chris Matthews has some thoughts about the urinals at the GOP debate: 
Make some of these debate questions. 
Guess which candidate noticed the Gopro? 
So brilliantly proud of rollcall on its big anniversary as  And so is BarackObama: 
Who says politics is boring? A Snapchat story: 
Happy birthday, Roll Call! Am celebrating with you in spirit. 
What does it look like when a team does collectively awesome debate coverage? Here you go: 
Asked why he backed out of California GOP convention, Scott Walker doesn't answer. 
Huckabee fact check: Person on the bill has to be dead! 
Paging davidhawkings on $10 bill question ... 
Yes please. Show of hands. 
Forget Reagan counts, how about how many times jaketapper politely cuts someone off with a "thank you" in  
Patsies! More great  bingo material for next time. 
Um, did Carson just suggest the White House chef might poison him? Definitely didn't consider putting that on bingo.  
Argh. Why didn't I put Abraham Lincoln on the  bingo card? 
Jeb Bush, not a big C-Span watcher, apparently.  
Inbox of post-  spin: "Verdict is in: Conservatives think Jindal won ..." 
Fact check! 
Don't miss our live reports from  watch party of GOP donors in San Diego via SDUTschools: 
cc latimespolitics 
cc latimespolitics 
cc latimespolitics 
cFidd HariSevugan Where's the VERY FAVORITE button? 
Feels like Christie already has gotten more air time in this debate than the last one. 
We should have put "You didn't answer my question" on bingo card.  
Chris Christie wins first "moment" of debate making it about human beings. 
Darn. "They have water" wasn't on my bingo card. 
There appear to be 0 non-blue or non-red ties, so one debate bingo square is out. 
Blue dress! Sorry! But has to be said. 
 live from a watch party with Republicans in San Diego. Also: booze!  
The  is getting started. sarahparvini will be tweeting sense of the room as  goes. 
1st post-debate spin email: "Santorum shines in CNN debate."  
I'll be on hardball in the next block from the Spin Room. What do you think so far about  
DNC's DWStweets here for counterpoint at  Not a bad backdrop. 
Add losangelestimes on Snapchat for our live coverage. jpanzar amp; I are trading off duty. 
Love watching davidhorsey at work at the  
Wall of speakers at Reagan Library for  
Kim Davis mention another Bingo card square. 
Graham has good line on immigration: "I don't remember the Santorum plan when he was in the Senate." 
1st real laugh line in press file comes from jaketapper. 
Jindal taking the "taking the gloves off" thing seriously. "He doesn't care about policy." 
Seconds in and we have 1st Reagan reference. One bingo square done! 
Reporters in press file: "Here he is!" when CNN cam shows Trump arrival. 
We'll be snapping for latimes tonight via losangelestimes. Follow along!  
Nice melding of current and previous jobs! 
Trivia! Which candidate sent this email? 
Welcome to California, candidates! Here are 5 things we'd ask tonight in Simi Valley: 
The Jelly Belly Gipper really says it all: 
We're hosting a debate watch party. Debate bingo and more: 
1st one! Let me know what you think! 
On point, BuzzFeed. I got 7/10. 
Spotted in Vermont, this sort of creepy statue. 
Almost 2 years since my last NewsHour Morning Line, I'm getting back in newsletter-writing biz. Are you signed up? 
Came for the terrific headline, stayed for the even better dating column: 
Wonder how polling gets done? A peek at the pronunciation guide. 
See head2head matchups w/ Trump in CA. Only Carson beat him in new USC/LAT poll. 
Guess who's on top among likely GOP voters in California by a lot. Hot off the presses, the USC/LAT poll: 
taylakaye Maybe it's good luck like when a bird poops on you? 
"Someone just puked in the aisle." -- Not words you want to hear when standing on the jet bridge to board. 
Biden coming to Southern California on the same day as GOP debate. 
Big deal. 
Nice to see a superstar's byline back in rollcall today. 
Sanders to speak  Liberty University convocation. You might remember that setting from Ted Cruz announcement, many eons ago. 
One of the kindest, smartest people I've worked with. We'll miss you, Andy. RIP. 
Median weekly earnings $801. But for girls? $726. 
Perks!  
DC transplants whoisbenchang amp; I enjoy  perks of latimes job. Missing joseiswriting johannamaska 
Loving the sashimi demonstration from nananikkilala at the latimes  
So influential in my life. 
"It's hard to get attention when the circus is in town." - Great lede from CahnEmily on N.H. 
Californians should get to know this guy: 
Feinstein: It's a problem women "think they can automatically run for the top office without" doing apprenticeship. 
Want to see arishapiro crush it during PinkMartiniBand Hollywood Bowl performance? You're welcome: 
arishapiro PinkMartiniBand We're so excited! Hope to see you after! 
Getting to see arishapiro amp; PinkMartiniBand tonight at Hollywood Bowl is an unexpected treat! 
Too much. 
SergioGor Hi there, What email can I reach you at these days? I'm at ellantonilatimes.com. Thanks! 
If you're interested in political news from the campaign trail, please follow latimespolitics! 
I like to be inclusive when I build things. Share your thoughts on our latimes politics project: 
A reminder via cparsons that those staffers making government work are human like everyone else. 
Biden to participate in Labor Day festivities in Pittsburgh. Reminds me of 08. From the way-back machine: 
RIP Wes Craven, responsible for so much of my youthful entertainment. 
1st Jeb! t-shirt sighting on streets of downtown LA. 
latimes politics followers were asked to share thoughts as we craft our new project. Please weigh in! 
It's been awhile since I've written about Clinton. Forgot how passionate people are about her. 
Some details on two new Hillary Clinton fundraisers in the nation's political ATM: 
Must-see TV! 
Such a difficult debate. Entertainment industry fueled by voyeurism, but we know watching doesn't help. 
Interesting BerkeleyIGS read arguing it's too late for Biden/opposite of today's great Memoli/Halper piece: 
Political reporters who can speak Spanish: go! 
Giffords' gun control PAC doing an email blast asking for signatures on a card to the WDBJ family. 
Not on the tarmac to greet POTUS: Sen. David Vitter. Freshman GOP Sen. Bill Cassidy was there, along with Jindal. 
melmason DanteAtkins latimes sarahparvini Thanks for flagging. We'll get that fixed. 
Voter push is new addition to USPS services since last move. Also, will finally be taxed AND represented 
With a dozen California Dems still undecided, protesters blanketed offices over Iran deal: 
So excited to watch our very own cparsons on Fox News Sunday this weekend!   
Mixing Star Wars nerds with YouTube sensations. Brilliant, or glimpse of consumerism future? 
Vilsack endorsement no big surprise  was huge backer in 07/08. Flashback: 
I believe this headline also could read "Neener neener pumpkin eater" 
Strange fence jumper story gets stranger: 
Join me in October for a different kind of political convention. We'll discuss CA's role in politics. 
Bass, Lofgren announce today as Iran deal supporters. The list of undecideds is shrinking: 
Boehner's office has set aside a page on the speaker's website for the Pope: 
C-Span replaying some powerful 2005 congressional testimony about Hurricane Katrina recovery. 
This is incredible. 
Surprise! CA's Tesla tax subsidies going mostly to richest. Hot story by mcgreevy99: 
Seems appropriate! 
Turns out there are cool things to do in LA.  
With the biggest delegation, how will California members of Congress vote on Iran deal? 
jm_bos FeliceBelman shiracenter l_whittington Aw, thanks! 
Nearly 2 dozen undecided Ca. House Democrats are critical to Iran deal: 
Guess where Calif. state government emails showed up? Hot story from A+ latimes team in Sacramento: 
Interesting story from CahnEmily on how much GOP spending has happened already this cycle: 
The entire CA delegation got its $$ paperwork in on time. These folks, not so much: 
TomSteyer appears  new LEED-certified CA Dem HQ he invested in: "It embodies who we are, who we want to be." 
jillelswick Wow, long time since I've seen your name. 
Unmentioned in this Emily's List fundraising blast for Kamala Harris - primary is vs. a pro-choice woman. 
javashri Very kind, thanks! Hope you're well! 
Created by mitrakalita, a new hub for smart education coverage, just in time for school starting: 
Villaraigosa's Clinton fundraiser kicks off quiet prep for gov bid. via finneganLAT amp; kurtisalee: 
From a fellow newbie, welcome to the latimes, Libby! 
Why hasn't the guy who was supposed to run away with it caught fire? LATSeema explains: 
In Echo Park w/ whoisbenchang happened upon Va. native w/ ironic "Georgetown metro" shirt.  
cathleendecker reflects on Tom Bradley, the anti-Trump: 
Rubio earlier today: Secretary Kerry is not going to be my Secretary of State. 
How beer can help the drought, one flush at a time. 
Bernie supporter on streets of downtown LA. Back of sign: "Truth amp; justice should be the American way." 
O'Malley: "Everywhere I go in Iowa I get asked water questions." We're looking forward to asking them in California, governor! 
What are your questions about the  movement and their influence on campaigns? 
CHueyBurnsRCP LisaDNews LeighWSJ Very kind ladies, thank you! 
Here's the smart cdiersing story on millennials: 
Making the HarvardIOP proud - cdiersing on latimes front page today! 
Never heard the term "Godzilla El Nio"? You will: 
Bush gets booed in the West: 
Coming to a showerhead near you: drought control. 
Important shift noted by cdiersing: What else is older than 2016's 1st-time voters? 
Cool map is like walking through Watts 50 years ago. 
Just in time for our arrival, a new fancy car is coming. cc StevenTDennis 
LA definitely wanted to  Our broad look at Sanders supporters, w/ photos amp; vid: 
randomsubu TheLastWord Thanks! :) 
jobsker43 latimes Today was my first day, in fact! 
lynnhb TheLastWord Thanks! 
yamphoto You're tearing it up  great stuff! 
Love this live tracking of Bernie Sanders supporters in L.A. 
Clinton's education plan, Trump amp; Sanders - a packed conversation w/ TheLastWord on MSNBC. What do you think? 
Still a little surreal ... where's the cafeteria? 
Spotted recently in Santa Cruz, Ca.: 
What images best signify California? Have your say via the latimes design contest: 
ItvAnnascott Sorry for missing this - twitter not best way to arrange. I start Monday, email will be ellantonilatimes.com 
ItvAnnascott I'm in LA. 
Australian watching a GOP debate for the first time ever: "There's a lot of Reagan talk." 
ItvAnnascott what time? 
ICYMI today, Clinton called for "at least 20 days of early in-person voting everywhere" plus weekend amp; evening voting 
cFidd MikeNBC12 No that's Brag Bowling. 
BanTorture laforbernie Send info please ellantonilatimes.com 
American political discourse = journalist to candidate to rando on Twitter? 
2 things greet us as we finish road trip across country - severe drought warning amp; building w/ new employer's name 
Flat Kojo won't stop asking "Are we there yet?" Fortunately the answer is 2.5 hours away. cc kojoshow 
Flat Kojo is a little hot in the Painted Desert but thinks it's real pretty. cc kojoshow 
Got to see the Oklahoma City Memorial today - it's incredible. 
That time a congressman killed a lion in Zimbabwe. 
Flat Kojo thought the beer was tasty at Morgan Freeman's blues club in Mississippi. cc kojoshow 
Also, when's lunch? 
Thanks to JLRIII for a terrific tour of Clinton Presidential Library, amp; to Slucker1 for arranging! 
bradywestwater Thanks! 
WARojas dcbigjohn 
Had to stop here for dcbigjohn even though he ignored my last 7 emails to him. 
If you visit a member of Congress in their office, be careful where you sit. 
knows_g My issue is with the publication, not FLOTUS. No argument she belongs on "beautiful" lists. 
Spotted in Asheville shop last night: pro-Hillary designer tees. 
550 miles into cross-country road trip, 1st Confederate flag sighting as we cross S.C. Border. 
Pretty sure  on this list has never been on Capitol Hill other than ceremonial events w/ her husband: 
Fun fact: today is Mark Meadows' birthday. 
Flat Kojo really likes the view in Asheville. cc kojoshow 
Happened to be driving through Meadows' 11th district as news broke. Views are great, no sign of politics for miles. 
Former members of Congress shouldn't get too excited about that Pope speech: 
DNC press release on candidate speeches goes with safe route of alphabetical order. 
Fave UnionMarketDC vendor went out of his way to make me special last cup of ginger beet juice. Goshen rocks!  
Horses are coming to the airport in Vieques looking for water during bad Puerto Rican drought. 
I'm white. Hopeless game? Help! 
Politics on display in Puerto Rico. 
Tips on cat-friendly airlines? Specifically DCA to LAX ... Thanks! 
julichilliard bellantonigmail.com 
karinchu Rules spox: The remarks delivered yesterday in the Capitol ... should have been made elsewhere." 
Bernie Sanders will campaign wherever he wants, thank you very much: 
dellisnyc explains why being Editor of rollcall is so good, he'd consider a demotion: 
Hey, Hill types: That's Collin Peterson on left on the guitar, right? 
Is CamRollCall going DeadPoets Society for my last editorial meeting? (No, just fixing the projector.) 
Actual polling question, apparently. 
MEPFuller Story alert. 
Update - pretty sure it's a June Beetle, just like my fave B52s song. 
Crowdsourcing in DC: what the heck kind of bug is this? It has green iridescent highlights. 
EvanMcSan TPM And eggs. 
ByBrianBennett Thank you! 
LisaMascaro Thanks Lisa! 
AdamVerdugo Thanks! See you soon! 
A while you were sleeping kind of moment: House GOP to vote on KEEPING Confederate imagery on federal land 
Super happy the talented LisaDNews was officially named Political Director of the NewsHour. She's the best and brightest.  
RepDWStweets TexasTribAbby Well with me heading west, the recruiting game is strong with the Babes ... 
Hill staffers, pay attention. This Beckgale story will make you think: Wait, what?! 
Thanks to the incredible rollcall team for kindness, brains amp; sense of humor. I was lucky to find you: 
Got scooped on my own news today, but very excited to announce I'm heading home. DC, it's been amazing: 
DavidLauter Thank you! Super excited. 
ha_nah_nah explains civilian hiring by Capitol Police, amp; Senate questions about possible "double dipping." 
(Mis)overheard in the newsroom: someone confusing Paul McCartney for Kevin McCarthy. Most  conversation ever. 
And here's the Donald Trump counter-argument from StuPolitics: 
JDMarvin MediaBuzzFNC Thanks! 
RichardGrenell I'd love to score that interview. 
Clinton's rope, Christie's entry amp; Trump - tune in for MediaBuzzFNC - will discuss w/ MaraLiasson jimgeraghty HowardKurtz 
Headline endorsement. Nice work, DavidEldridge. 
48 hours in Southwest and rural Virginia, 4 Confederate flag sightings. 
BenJerrysTour NoMa neighborhood has devoted ice cream lovers, CNN, Roll Call, CQ and FERC! 
Meanwhile, there's a whole bunch of people wondering how much of their data was compromised: 
gfitzp Thanks! 
Congrats, Congress. Well deserved win. Final score 1-0. 
And this is why I play. Survivors on the field, 5th inning, 0-0. My mom cheering from California. 
(Most of) the Bad News Babes, missing cbudoffbrown LACaldwellDC CHueyBurnsRCP jbendery JFKucinich 
See you from right field!   
ChrisConfalone Thanks! 
Game day. It's ON! 
Wrote this in 2014 on why I play in CWSoftballGame. Even more relevant w/ my mom's mastectomy this year: 
Love this CNN piece on the CWSoftballGame! I'm so ready to rumble.   
Great story today on consequences of lazy recycling. 
What a fun night helping the Humane Society. Proud CQRollCall is a sponsor.  
Great showcase of why CQ Roll Call is headed in the right direction from dellisnyc: 
Need a great, cheerful read today about politics? We've got it. via nicolepuglise 
Bill Clinton made surprise appearance at VitalVoices event to applaud group's mission, trendline for the future. 
An honor to attend VitalVoices Global Leadership Awards tonight. Inspiring! 
fawnjohnson Thanks! 
Glad to work with another great institution! 
rollcall softball team of yesteryear. Can you name everyone? cc TheFix l_whittington JenniferYachnin 
It's our birthday, amp; sometimes it's okay to talk about the things we're NOT proud of. 
That time a majority whip staffer basically wore underwear marking Roll Call's birthday. 
Get excited! Blockbuster coverage planned Tues for rollcall 60th birthday. Here's peek from the archives 
KUnewie SpiritAirlines No free gates and no crew to staff the planes. 
Close to riots at O'Hare tonight as 5 different SpiritAirlines flights delayed hours w/ no intel other than there's no crew. 
1st presidential candidate, at least in modern time, to play with congressional colleagues. 
Stay tuned for pic of Obama holding the coveted Roll Call trophy.  
Obama really needs those trade votes. He showed up for 1st time at rollcall Congressional Baseball Game. 
Great view for rollcall Congressional Baseball Game as we do XM color commentary.  
A scoop so big it broke the Roll Call website back in the day ... 
Excited my interview w/ Ambassador Catherine Russell will be in MoreMag issue guest edited by FLOTUS - on newsstands 6/23! 
Tonight's the night! 
DanDePetris email is better. hristinabellantonirollcall.com 
Congressional cafeteria or college dorm cafeteria? Will be hard to tell: 
Hastert has a lawyer. kpolantz has the scoop: 
There are bunches of memorial flowers laid out on the anchor in front of the Naval Observatory where the Vice President lives. 
cyram Anthony Weiner? 
Warnings from the newsroom mailroom. 
I had no idea how much I didn't know about Lincoln Chafee: 
Do you have your tix to the game yet? 
Totally sensible suggestion from ron_fournier about something that makes no sense to outside world: 
So the intern with the gun almost made it to the elevator after being seen fishing through his bag: 
McCain, getting hip in his insults: 
bell444 Thanks! I left the NewsHour in 2013 and have been the editor of Roll Call since! Both great organizations. 
Times 1 gazillion. 
Get ready for a long Sunday. 
SF Giants head to the White House Thursday for World Series recognition.  
anamariecox rickklein WBUR Hooray! You better! 
rickklein WBUR anamariecox I was JUST thinking about that! 
About to chat about the week in politics on NPR's hereandnow w/ rickklein - tune in! 
Hastert was 50th richest member of Congress when he left in 2007: 
Reason No. 374 working with StevenTDennis is just delightful: afternoon shaves. 
jaketapper We are so excited to flashback to your Capitol Hell days  June 16 is a banner day!  
I'm pulling for you, Memphis bbq: 
1st piece johnhelton edits amp; you can already see his influence in smart sfpathe look at Titus opting to stay put: 
TexasTribAbby nielslesniewski Bonus: Wearing seersucker to the Roll Call Congressional Baseball Game! 
Fun fact learned editing davidhawkings column w/ jhunterdc data: 15 members of Congress list as former profession "journalist" 
Pretty awesome to see NewsHour alum amorrisNH on Newseum wall today! 
Hello, sir. 
Miss drshow Friday News Roundup w/ me, NKingofDC, jeffmason1 and Indira_L hosting? Here you go! 
Sorry, NYT, but you've got it wrong. Landrieu did not try to do keg stand. 
meredithshiner Sure wasn't. Interesting. 
Actual line on someone's application to be a reporter. "Objective: I want to be with the circus." 
 Why I play in CWSoftballGame: Do you have tickets for June 24? 
EvanMcSan Thanks! And happy anniversary to you and Jenny! 
How many members live in their offices? Could be 70. davidhawkings explains why that's big $: 
Huckabee skipping the straw poll, too. I suppose New Hampshire is better in the summer, but Iowa is still better. 
Fave phrase I've edited today: "members are free to freeload off Congress" 
OKnox Thank you! 
dceiver Thanks! 
Happy rollcall ladies.  
The women of rollcalldc, CQ amp; The Economist rock journalism  
It's a midwest face-off as beef and pork are neck-and-neck. 
When members insist a $174,000 annual salary just isn't enough for Congress: 
Got a case of the Mondays? rollcall print edition today has five photos of ducklings. You're welcome. 
kpolantz jaredsoares The Seinfeld of the 50s, 60s and 70s? 
salinasdeoro Preach. Wouldn't eat a donut by choice if you paid me! 
Lots of pink going on this morning. 
Only noticed after taking pics of this guy the "true New York character" sign behind him, I swear. 
Just a horse at a microphone in a congressional hearing room. No big deal. 
Excited to welcome johnhelton to rollcall as Politics Editor: 
Welcome to the way candidates will communicate with everyday people, from here on out. 
C'mon chimichangas! Last day to vote in Taste of America round 2.  
Re tripgabriel suggested Qs for Bush, really these should be for any GOP hopeful about party's last POTUS. 
Excited to join juliemason brikeilarcnn carol_e_lee for this political panel this morning. 
Anyone who thinks people in politics have no heart should read this story: 
One of these guys is the next member of Congress. Hint: it's not the guy who got the most votes: 
The new Jem movie trailer is missing something critical: 
She might not actually run, but if she does, she'll stand next to her husband at the train station: 
Alright benschilibowl ... let's represent DC!  
Read this and try not to giggle about "Darth Schrader." 
Behold, the new CQ Weekly: 
carlabond Thanks! 
carlabond No kidding  where was that? Feel free to email: hristinabellantonirollcall.com 
Who are the most powerful women in Congress? Our ebook tells their stories:  
McCain, basically: Don't spend money on that lawn! But making my lawn nicer is OK. 
Said yes to big hair amp; lashes in honor of my mom. Tune in  11 to Media Buzz - we'll be talking Clinton donors, Bush interview. 
Do you have your tickets yet to the game?   
I'm playing our June 24 YSCBuzz CWSoftballGame for my mom, a breast cancer survivor facing a new fight: 
Nice nielslesniewski look at a a resolution that has personal meaning: 
We're going to miss you  best of luck and congrats to NR! 
Does the thought of covering a Senate campaign get you excited? rollcall has the job for you: 
Am I biased if I say I am rooting for chimichangas? 
My mom amp; I are touched amp; honored by the outpouring of support shown by friends and strangers far amp; wide. Thank you. 
jennsimicrucker joseiswriting sissenberg Missing the groom though! 
No big deal, just some guns in a Capitol restroom. Another great scoop from ha_nah_nah: 
Sanders press conference on his "agenda for America" might be breaking Senate ethics rules. 
ArtMurray1 You've got it. 
Cancer is a monster. And sometimes, a survivor's struggle continues even when it's not cancer this time: 
5 points to anyone who can name the member of Congress these phrases describe: "verbal combustibility w/ lone-wolf approach" 
MEPFuller got Steve Scalise to open up about the David Duke issue amp; his first few months on the job: 
Obama opening  video starts with hari. Woot! 
Ha - you think? "...this won't be the highest-paying or lowest-stress job they'll ever have." 
Evan Bayh, total tease. 
Congressional power might be one of the few ways Alaska is overperforming: 
Bothering me for years these 90s pop song lyrics: "It's April 21st amp; everybody knows today is Earth Day." Wrong! 
Today's fun phrase while editing davidhawkings: "entire clout parade." 
Journalism students, take note. This is how you question someone who might be under federal investigation: 
Sorry Louisiana and Virginia, you're slipping. 
Attn people wanting to eat today in the Senate - it might be tough. bridgetbhc details worker strike: 
MEPFuller chases Crdenas down a hallway, asks if he's talked with FBI. Listen to the interview: 
Donation from beyond the grave: 
There's a piggy with wings! 
Buried lede - congressman does 500 pushups 4 days per week. 
Can't think of another presidential candidate who played baseball mid-campaign: 
cpfuchs Newseum AmExperiencePBS Wish I knew you were there! Would have been great to say hello! 
1st practice of the season amp; badnewsbabes1 are in top form.   
Have you bought your tickets to the Congressional Women's Softball Game yet?   
rollcall is inching close to 200,000 followers. Are you one of them? 
Congrats katiekings! So proud of you! 
So thrilled. RobKuznia a top-notch reporter. Congrats! 
Kevin McCarthy tells Emma_Dumain his plans for making California's drought a priority for Congress. 
Obama to honor the Patriots, the Buckeyes and NASCAR drivers next week.  
"I was wondering if youd be willing to say supportive things about Ted in public/ in the media." 
Ted Cruz, just scouting for some friends: 
Not sure the gyrocopter could have come at a tougher time for Capitol Police: 
Such a testament to great beat reporting. Kudos to ha_nah_nah for all her reporting, amp; bridgetbhc Emma_Dumain for A+ work. 
While I was out, rollcall had a major scoop: Capitol Police Chief Dine has submitted his resignation: 
EvanMcSan Ha - correction - Bill announced it. We had a lot of people to explain ourselves to! :) 
TyphoonTyson Congrats! 
Excited to be on Real Time with billmaher tonight. A little nervous too, I'll be honest. 
Big news scoop for rollcall - Capitol Police Chief Dine has submitted a letter of resignation: 
CahnEmily Nice! Is that the Post? 
Get smart on Virginia House race with sfpathe debut story! 
:( MT CWSoftballGame: Action packed  to last yrs  w fierce competitors, RepMarthaRoby amp; cbellantoni! 
What happens to your staff if you're indicted? Beckgale is on the case: 
elisefoley jamalraad jess_mc "3-4 weeks of wasted time" could totally be a chapter in a book about covering Congress. Also, great hair. 
elisefoley jamalraad jess_mc I hope you get royalties 
StevenTDennis ! 
shiracenter Is there a livestream? 
meredithshiner worlds  rollcall, Schumer, basketball amp;  reference  in this awesome story. 
This could get awkward  one presidential hopeful was her intern, the other her campaign manager: 
Ben Caron raised $2.1 million in 28 days from 36k people, prez campaign says. 
Classic from ChadPergram: At times, the unsteady machinations of House GOP ... resembles Eleanor Holmes Norton trying to park her car. 
The ultimate  Illinois version.  
stephanievgm Hey there  never heard from you after job fair! hristinabellantonirollcall.com 
Neville Chamberlain got a better deal from Adolf Hitler. Yowza. 
A special   at our staff retreat. Stay tuned for a year of celebration. 
Team Cruz announces raising $4 million in 8 days. 
Proud we've revived an old rollcall tradition in honor of our late founder Sid Yudain's birthday: 
A first? davidhawkings column includes the word "sexting." 
Terrific nielslesniewski  piece on Teddy Kennedy's Senate: 
Interesting tactic in Cruz fundraising email. 
CahnEmily rollcallpols Only if I get to come too! 
Reid is the fourth senator to plan a goodbye so far this cycle: 
The budget vote-a-rama, now on Periscope. nielslesniewski explains: 
Marion Barry's grave at Congressional Cemetery. Why are we here? Find out in Where RollCall Dares. 
 2007 The MarkHalperin election countdown clock. Time is off, but date is still ticking. 
I was way more organized as a reporter.  June 2006 midterms pitch: "Allen v. Webb is closer than expected." 
 2007 - 2009 My entire blog at the Washington Times, in one massive printout. 
Nerdy enough to want to know about the  but not enough to watch it? We've got you covered. 
Tune in! RT IsaacDovere: I'll be filling in for juliemason on POTUSPressPool, w/ carol_e_lee cbellantoni ScottFConroy amp; APDiploWriter 
singernews scottmdc ha_nah_nah Nerds. Lovable ones. 
MEPFuller Even better one. 
MEPFuller Sounds like a ... 
Congresswoman struggles to get into a parking spot. A good argument for having video cameras on phones: 
May or may not be pretty proud of this headline. via MEPFuller 
And, now, a new congressional term to learn. This one might just help the GOP out of a budget logjam. 
MEPFuller Sounds like an HOH item to me! 
We have a regular Nancy Drew on our staff. bridgetbhc tracked down Nick Ryan: 
Roll Call's Team Politics is wishing shiracenter a great first day at the Boston Globe! . 
Hill staffers were wondering last week, who is Nick Ryan? Well, bridgetbhc solved the mystery: 
The Tortilla Coast Caucus is so excited about Ted Cruz, one of them compares him to Ronald Reagan: 
Proof rebuilding your life is possible. Terrific NYT profile of MonicaLewinsky using her infamy for good. 
 RT lbarronlopez: samsteinhp: First tease of our Obama interview, coming later today 
Looking for a great cqrollcall job? Come check out the journalism job fair at GTown's 608 Mass Ave NW campus. 
First presidential announcement? 
Celebrating gastronomy at ambassador's  event. There is a lot of wine. 
Office cleaning  part 2. Relevant item if Jim Webb becomes president, I suppose. 
Office cleaning makes for great  material. 
Our rollcall team burns midnight oil, explains what the heck is going on w/ internal GOP budget fight. 
Of all the great things, this is real great. Schock's 2009 transparency promise: 
First byline on a front page in awhile. Congress is fun. 
Solid, smart reporting from CahnEmily about a Democrat who could be in big trouble: 
Don't forget, Aaron Schock will still have access to the House gym once he leaves Congress: 
When you run the office amp; make $130K on the Hill, it's hard to find another job. Beckgale explains: 
Aaron Schock, we hardly knew ye, but we took some great photos: 
I luvvvvvvv covering Congress. 
MEPFuller has finger on pulse of House Republicans amp; doc fix: 
What do you think re Clinton amp; the media? Will discuss on MediaBuzzFNC at 11. Get used to hearing about that topic for awhile. 
Where's Leave Britney Alone vid when you need it? MT rollcall: Larry Craig's Attorneys Argue He's Suffered Enough 
Bizarre story via ha_nah_nah ... Paul Ryan and Chief of Staff Sued After Fender-Bender 
I'm thinking 2016 Democratic presidential primary might end up being more interesting: 
Guitar fell over. Twitter, is this something a music class would want as a donation/even fixable? 
I'm so ready to rumble. Save the date! cwsoftballgame's video 
Replaying all month! MT POTUSPressPool: juliemason girl talk w/ sherylstolberg JNSmall cbellantoni on SXM 124! 
More! cwsoftballgame's photo 
Save the date! cwsoftballgame's photo 
Lady politics discussion on POTUSPressPool juliemason hotness on XM with JNSmall sherylstolberg Tune in! 
Only female House chairperson saying bye. MT rollcall: Michigan Congresswoman Wont Run for Re-Election 
Learned so much about the most famed congressional rivalry from this davidhawkings column: 
Here we go! 
Either the next senator from Maryland, or start of a tremendously awesome primary battle. 
Tick-tock! MEPFuller Emma_Dumain explain behind-the-scenes dealmaking to avoid a DHS shutdown: 
One from the way back teevee machine that's still pretty amazing: 
Drama ends, for the moment. MT rollcall: House passes Homeland Security Department funding 
Mikulski was mentor for every woman to come through her chamber. With classic Barb/Landrieu archive photo: 
Dietary advice from an unlikely congressional source, but it sounds pretty great: 
seungminkim If Steve Israel somehow ends up in the Senate, it would be getting back in balance 
The Ultimate Washington Wonk Quiz: Inaugural Edition! I scored 9 out of 10: 
Live in Maryland? You just might be on this list of Mikulski replacement hopefuls: 
AIPAC protests. 
Caption this. 
Congress is so amazing. 
With Santorum on stage, we're a little curious why he isn't being taken more seriously: 
KyleTrygstad observed a CPAC boot camp for campaigns. 12-year-old amp; grandpa star in his story. 
I mean ... 
When it's impossible to sleep on a redeye, somehow looking at CPAC photos helps pass the time. 
The DHS mess is both politically entertaining and was 100 predictable. The latest: 
Nice scoop from CahnEmily MT rollcallpols: Ex-House Candidate Will Take Top Role in Clinton Campaign 
Happy anniversary to NPR, which has made us all smarter. MT Poynter: NPR began 45 years ago 
jdbalart JDBmsnbc Ask him about Congress getting involved in DC pot politics: 
Congress gives DC voters the middle finger: 
Pretty great. MT RiegerReport: Could Harry Reid sport his sunglasses on Senate floor? ha_nah_nah investigates: 
And now, for the next act in the theater that is Congress: 
Quack! An explainer on why this member of Congress has rubber ducks on his desk. 
KatieTweetsHi We do! 
Packed house for CQ Roll Call Renewable Fuel standard event. Livestream: 
Do you have one of these on your wall? You might be the right fit to work for rollcall. We're hiring! 
It's not really like saying "Get off my lawn ..." Oh wait, yeah it is. 
No one can replace her. But we are indeed on a hiring spree! JustinBarasky shiracenter 
Really going to miss you. So happy for you. MT shiracenter: Thrilled to join BostonGlobe as a political editor. 
This is what being a great beat reporter looks like.  ha_nah_nah 
shiracenter That's amazing. Also, she's wearing a tux. 
AprilDRyan :) Thanks! 
I'm Up! What do you think about Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, immigration fight? Tune in to MSNBC from 8-10. 
GreyChristopher So sorry for your loss. 
Are you a data viz whiz? Come work with us! 
 Jen Psaki promoted in Joe Crowley's office amp; killer archive photo 
Great details from Emma_Dumain on odd couple friendship. RT rollcall: Scalise amp; Richmond go way back 
Another interesting thing about Hahn is how few retirements we've had so far. 
Just. Don't! RT StevenTDennis: Joe Biden puts hands on Ash Carter's wife (Video) 
Pretty excited we've got a new blog for cartoonist RJ Matson: 
Richard Vernon tells John Bender he makes $31k per year as asst. principal of Shermer High. Happy 30th birthday, Breakfast Club! 
clarkshadows captures one of those beautiful moments. 
TV newsrooms everywhere: "Get me a pronunciation guide for Kitzhaber!" 
jlupf rollcall 2007 
Twitter points for anyone who can name the year this photo from the rollcall archives was taken.  
"This authorization...shall terminate 3 years after enactment of joint resolution, unless reauthorized" 
That time a member of Congress talked about making love to 22 staffers. 
More ha_nah_nah goodness on the Capitol Police: 
jtuckermartin Beautiful! Congrats! 
Thrilled to announce we've promoted KyleTrygstad to rollcall Features Editor. Terrific journo celebrating bday today!  
He's a watermelon farmer amp; a gun rights advocate, went from legislative career to House chief of staff: 
WARojas continues his dogged coverage of bizarre happenings since Rep. C.W. Bill Young died: 
If census predictions hold, by 2020 Ohio had 2x as many electoral votes when Reagan was elected in 1980. 
This is strange. I don't get how news outlets benefit from this sort of thing  it can't be that much $. 
"If I didn't exist they'd have to invent me." Another magnificent  from elisaslow 
Condolences to his family and staff. RT rollcall: Rep. Alan Nunnelee Dies at Age 56 
StewSays BresPolitico RollCall You can count on it! 
StewSays nielslesniewski Have you been reading my  memos? It's going to be a great year! 
Want to be an intern for rollcall? Some of our best people started out in that role: 
I've yet to bigfoot my team on anything. But this might be the event I let it happen. 
So happy to honor CharlayneHG with  Lifetime Achievement Award. Inspiring in every way! 
Thanks to jbendery for being stellar co-chairman of  2 years running. Ready for cbrangel! 
DWStweets jbendery CWSoftballGame The head table gives us nice vantage point to scope out competition!  
LisaDNews NegretenMcLeod lost too. 
Thought it was odd 1 member of Congress would rather be a county supervisor. Now there's another one. 
Ready for tonight's  Here's some SenCoryGardner cbrangel smacktalk: (Thanks, CNN!) 
New PPP: The closest competitor to Burr is former Senator Kay Hagan, who trails 48/42. 
This is just gross. 
Cam_RollCall Where it's at. 
Durbin on House GOP immigration sentiment: "Some who are so hateful." 
Mikulski on fire on the floor on DHS funding bill. 
Alcee Hastings hates Texas and he's not sorry, thank you very much. 
Awesome! MT ASME1963: sanfranmag wins Single-Topic Issue category for Oakland Issue. Congrats to jonsteinberg31 sanfranmag team! 
Whoops, Durbin starts to welcome Reid back by calling him majority leader. 
Here's the story on Mike DeWine amp; C-Span I mentioned on kojoshow today: 
Tune in! WAMU88.5/kojoshow.org. Kojo at the Capitol: In Partnership w/ RollCall, Metro Connection, Folger Shakespeare Library 
 Also, ugh! RT WhiteHouse: Congrats to the Patriots on their 4th  title!  -bo 
Katy Perry's outfit giving me Hot Dog on a Stick in the mall flashbacks.  
corizarek AmandaBecker Can't wait! 
If you care about the budget, definitely  CQnow  for all the fun facts amp; figures at your fingertips. 
Obama on Monday will honor at WH the NHL Champ L.A. Kings/MLS Champ LA Galaxy.  
Prep for kojoshow week on Hill w/ rollcall! Nnamdikid column on covering Congress in '78  
brikeilarcnn tamarakeithNPR zbyronwolf amyewalter Jealous! Also, I remember running through that gate late for class. Shocking, I know. 
Video: SenCoryGardner cbrangel get smacktalk going ahead of Wednesday  dinner: (Thanks, CNN!) 
Something that happened off the field before the season started missing from this, perhaps? 
If you ever wondered what it might feel like to have ChuckGrassley stare into your soul, pick up a copy of today's rollcall. 
Here's the ha_nah_nah story on members of Congress traveling abroad that I mentioned on bpshow: 
jm_bos mviser Did he follow that up with "and I cannot lie, you other brothers can't deny ..." ? 
Can't register to lobby for 1 year, but Jim Moran going to big$ lobby shop. Scoop from kpolantz. 
Count me in. RT jasonjdick: I think it's time rollcall went on an timkrepp ghost tour! Let us know when's a good time! Cc: ha_nah_nah 
States passed 45K bills last year. Congress passed 352. More at CQConnectivity: 
ChrisConfalone Thanks! 
Discussing Koch Bros $$ and American Sniper on hardball tonight. What do you think of anti-war critique of film? 
Good news is recess might be longer. Bad news is recess might be shorter. 
Great lineup of speakers for washpressclub dinner next week! cbrangel SenCoryGardner  
Confession: I love the fact that we put this story on tomorrow's front page. 
The latest installment of Instagram political discourse: 
He-said-she-said story about how nearly two dozen cats were seized amp; killed. Either way, really sad. 
Would be big deal for any 75yrold to have major surgery. An even bigger deal for this particular man. 
Just when you thought this story couldn't get less believable. Boffo scoop from ha_nah_nah: 
 rollcall 1985 archives: Markey, Mikulski, $78k congressional pay. 
Can't understand why armed robbery suspect who led car chase to Capitol while Obama spoke was let free: 
PaulPage Is that like Thunder Snow? 
 When then-Rep. Paul Broun skipped SOTU in 2011 because he thought Obama is a socialist. 
Pretty sure this is four words. 
Coming up w/ StevenTDennis now! 
Amazing. 
Final testing, check! Next up,  watch party at 
Missing cash, family feud, quest for old photos: Just some of what happened after Rep. Bill Young died: 
Join us tonight! 
Sometimes raising the roof is most effective way to test audio. Get excited rollcall SOTU live stream! 
Join our State of the Union watch party Tuesday! This dramatic music might even make a cameo: 
Hey kayhagan you're going to love the HarvardIOP! Ask for 3rd floor in apartments ... 
LisaDNews wins the question game w/ McConnell/Boehner: Do you two believe that climate change is real? 
How does it work when party leader suffers major injury? Great details via nielslesniewski hsanchez128: 
The tally is in on the immigration vote's GOP defectors. via rollcall 
Want to understand failed immigration bill? Emma_Dumain goes deep behind-the-scenes, lots of new detail: 
Girl power. RT anoyes: Awesome, audreycoopersf! // San Francisco Chronicle Names First Female Editor In Chief 
schroederjen78 Appreciate the note. I was describing the complaint that way, then extended that to people. I should have used other term. 
DanDePetris SabrinaSiddiqui MarkHalperin joshrogin maggiepolitico costareports Good group, thanks! 
Excited to work with skomarow as the new leader of CQ News! 
Amazing line in great WaPo story: "Romney ... has focused on Bushs past advisory work for Lehman Brothers and Barclays" 
Early scene setter for 2016 Senate battles. Get your race ratings here while they're hot! 
natthedem Thank you! 
Young CA pols have been waiting for this a long time. RT rollcall: Barbara Boxer to Retire  
richiekhoo I knew I liked you. This is my favorite game! 
These are the Aussie New Year's Eve hosts. Not quite Ryan Seacrest or Kathy Griffin.  
Reporting in from the future in Australia: 2015 is looking pretty terrific. 
Aussie fairy spotted at Sydney airport got extra screening. Pixie dust is incendiary after all. 
Merry Christmas! 
Thirty members of Congress help Beer Institute cut anti-drunk driving spots: 
Don't want to shop today? Get someone great gift for just $2.99: The rollcall Capitol Hill dining guide! 
Loving all of alexis_levinson's details from the courthouse in New York. 
MarinaGipps PhillipsPasha edshow maddow Lawrence We're the only outlet to calculate this: 
Love the Eater_DC profile of 'Nom, Nom, Nom-nibus,' A New Dining Guide to Capitol Hill 
Just 1 reasons I'll miss TexasTribAbby: vivid details of member of Congress' brushes w/ future leaders 
Hey Twitter, is this the Cake Boss? 
Alabasturd Your tweet and its intentions prompted quite the discussion on the set. 
Next upwithsteve topic - Cuba. What do you think? 
Talking about Elizabeth Warren amp; Bernie Sanders on upwithsteve 8-10am today. What do you think about their place in party? 
Last minute gift idea  $2.99 dining guide for people who live, work and play on Capitol Hill: 
 2003 That time I wrote about Bob Barker. 
Goodbye, Ron Barber. Republican wins seat once held by Gabby Giffords. 
Everyone obsessed w/ Elizabeth Warren should watch her as presiding officer - could be last time.  
Talking Jeb amp; Sorkin - tell me what you think amp; tune in! MT TheRevAl: Live from DC, Politics Nation w/Al Sharpton at 6 on MSNBC. 
cory_epstein Thank you! 
Anyone mad about my Bachmann tribute can enjoy a photo of her holding a chicken. Something for everyone! 
sallykohn Thanks so much! 
Confession: I genuinely like Michele Bachmann. Here's why: 
Leaving Congress has its perks, apparently: 
Christmas gifts sorted! For foodies in DC, or for those just visiting: 
C-Span is replaying Tim Johnson's farewell address. Definitely worth watching. 
Shutdown averted, with hours to spare. 
It's Friday night at 11:30. Adjournment? Nope! Weekend vote-a-rama scheduled: 
Caption this: 
seungminkim Actually, she might be on board after all. Really hard to tell from this angle but think I just spotted her. 
jamespmanley I should put you on the payroll. Thanks! :) 
But in better news: 
Sigh. "With just three members on the floor ..." 
seungminkim Nope! I informed flight attendant we needn't wait for her, since she's a senator. 
Overheard on Delta 1663 to MSP: "... and Amy Klobuchar, ring your call button if you're on board." 
Your move, Senate. Ahead of the vote, here are "cromnibus" votes broken down into groups: 
Wish I was surprised things fall apart at the last minute. Like always happens. Every time. 
Meanwhile, Kay Hagan choking up during Senate floor goodbye speech. 
Pelosi also says she's "disappointed" White House supports cromnibus. 
Pelosi says she feels they are being "blackmailed" to vote for cromnibus. 
 to warmer days from rollcall archives, guessing 70s-era? 
Should Congress put a salad bar in every school? Tim Ryan thinks so, and he's going after "fake food." 
New guy running Senate Dems' campaign effort admits "we could lose everywhere" with bad candidates. 
Just when you thought it was safe to make get-out-of-town plans ... cromnibus attack! 
Couldn't resist asking Linda Snchez a softball Q on C-Span: cc BadNewsBabes1 YSCBuzz CWSoftballGame 
This Democrat thinks her party needs "fresher" faces at the table. 
Found terrific description of congressional action when editing davidhawkings Monday column: "Raising a sustained fuss." 
Have bad breath? cspan has you covered. 
Questions for Linda Snchez? Taping C-Span Newsmakers with her shortly. 
May or may not have selected this Baucus photo because it prominently features ScottMulhauser: 
Data:  of Obama ambassadors who are political appointees, not diplomats, could top high of Reagan's. 
Need to be cheered up on a yuck day? Just watch steveeegeee hang out with a YouTube star: 
Looks like the realtors love them some members of Congress: via CQConnectivity 
Nice alexis_levinson scoop on Tim Ryan considering Senate bid: 
One of my fave front pages - why are these men cracking up? 
Senate Dems huddling to plot ways to boot GOP in 2016: 
The story begins, "Congress is looking to penis pumps..." It's not what you think. 
That whole shutdown thing was totally no big deal, Labrador says: 
And Ohio Democrats start looking for their bench: 
Before you hit the boozy holiday party circuit, here's our primer on do's and don'ts: 
Vote against Reid, get a promotion: 
Stumbled on a photo shoot in SoHo. Anyone know who this is? 
Thanksgiving in London includes my own personal turkey trot, empty stores and stress-free shopping. 
Turns out the CBC seems as divided as America, at least in its reactions to Ferguson: 
Best PBS news I've heard all day. steveeegeee is back on the Internet telly: 
Government shutdown chances get a little better ... Tick. Tock. 
A White House vs. Congress tax fight few are paying attention to: 
ohhsillyamy Thanks! cc MEPFuller 
Can someone explain a "half-and-half mocha latte"? This Congressman gets them Venti, amp; extra hot. 
Love this. RT marguerite_how: Does a tattoo affect your job prospects? The Economist explains: 
Eaterofsun Our pleasure! Love your profile pic ... you need a cover photo too! 
Fave line in TheEconomist: "These sessions of Congress are typically productive when compared with the healthy duck sort." 
igorbobic BDayspring KateNocera billburton Hey! samsteinhp was drunk too! 
RollCallAbby BadNewsBabes1 Not in Australia. 
This is why I'll be hitting the cages as early and often as possible. cc BadNewsBabes1 
This is just one reason I love my job. And tomorrow's (related) front-page photo is another. 
Seniority wins, by thin margin, as Democrats duke it out behind closed doors. 
Just when you thought one messy Democratic caucus fight was enough: 
Bill Flores is the new RSC chairman. MEPFuller talked w/ him about his vision: working w/ everybody. 
Some sort of light display happening in the White House window tonight. 
Pelosi finds a way to shock her Democratic caucus: 
Joe Wilson used his 1-minute to quote someone on Obama's "smooth arrogance." Warned against engaging "in personalities toward the president" 
House Monday votes on naming bunch of post offices, then to raise price of Duck (permit) Stamps to fund wetland conservation. 
Mark Kirk declares he is "pro-cat": 
I am going to miss RollCallAbby very much, but excited amp; happy for her to take on a terrific new role: 
MT hsanchez128: clairecmc said she would not vote for Harry Reid for leader. Did not say why 
Presidential humor: 
ha_nah_nah reports Stockman subpoenaed: These members leave under investigation: 
msavener Answer is no! Two words in Meriam-Webster. ;) 
Overheard in the newsroom: "Is cheesemonger one word?" 
Landrieu messing w/ Cassidy a bit ... "They have introduced our bill in the House. Their bill would never have passed this body" 
On Hardball tonight w/ MichaelSteele amp; howardfineman, we had a few chuckles about Mitt Romney. Tune in! 
I appreciate that one loser made the list of the Best Campaigns of 2014: 
Ted Cruz and Mike Lee are opting to test that whole power thing right away: 
In addition to being an awesome app, putting an ad for it around the cover is, as they say, brilliant. 
When orientation starts next week, there could be 11 double-shows with these still-uncalled races: 
Democrats were expecting wave, guycecil tells  audience. CahnEmily writeup of my panel today: 
"We don't really know what voting on Friday looks like in the United States Senate." -- nielslesniewski on 2016 politics 
This map might cheer up Democrats who ARE mopey: 
Roll Call election wrapup, CQ New Member Guide, Cecil/Collins/C-Span = Big Day!  
Boehne, McConnell have never played horseshoes. That amp; more on relationship that matters, by MEPFuller: 
As Obama speaks, one Republican incumbent loses: Lee Terry is out. 
McConnell has just given us our headline: "We're going to function." 
So far just 2 of Roll Call's Most Vulnerable House members were definitely re-elected: 
Cruz press release: Dont Enable Obamas Executive Amnesty in Lame Duck 
Possibly the happiest man in Washington right now. And I'll be talking to him tomorrow: 
Curious who won't be coming back to Congress in January? Here's the list: 
Possible Slaughter slayer Mark Assini has 125 Twitter followers ... but Paul Ryan campaigned for him.   
Whole lotta red, very little gray in this map. 
These are bloodbath kind of numbers: 
72-word Pelosi statement. Mentions of middle class: 2. Mentions of Republicans: 0. 
Our rollcall livestream went 6 hours and we took you from the 1st polls closing to GOP Senate takeover. 
Coming up in our rollcall livestream is bridgetbhc, who talked with excited Republicans tonight in DC. 
Look! The maps are changing! I love election night. 
90 seconds from live ... tune in to 
Lots of ways to track what we're doing tonight, but find our live stream at or 
Runoffs would mean an organizational nightmare for the 114th Congress: 
adamconner Good one! 
Came out w/ 50-50 in our election prediction contest. Enter by 6 for prize of dinner w/ rollcallpols! 
nielslesniewski Thanks for being terrific. 
Here are six election consequences that would be totally awesome if they happened: 
Using our 10 Most Vulnerable House Members cheat sheet to finish predictions for tomorrow: 
These 31 people are coming back to Congress no matter what. 
Just for fun, here's a pic of Tom Cotton, a girl and her dog: 
Excited for Roll Call Presents: Election Night Tuesday. Join us at at 6 pm! 
Join us Thursday as I chat with Rob Collins amp; Guy Cecil about the aftermath. Details here: 
Gut-wrenching piece on Creigh Deeds, a good man, who is broken into pieces. Don't read without tissue. 
Brutal PPP poll out tonight for Pryor. Not great for Landrieu or Grimes, either. 
PoliticaILine Thanks! 
In other words...a loooooong night. RT bridgetbhc: Your guide to recount rules for close races in 2014 
This member of Congress would rather be a county supervisor than stick around: 
bennyjohnson Seems like he'd be fun to shop with, what's the big deal? 
This isn't the kind of record you want to break when you're president: 
Fave entry on this is Feinstein/Huffington. 
 rollcall election prediction contest. Here's this year's: 
Light-hearted moment from two guys in a race we've all forgotten about: 
Colorado trending toward Gardner, but Peach State is getting even more interesting. Ratings changes: 
5 days until the midterms! Setting the mood on Morning_Joe. 
Tune in to NewsHour tonight to see LisaDNews debut in a segment on ballot measures.  
After Tech Tuesday on kojoshow, we'll talk about local life amp; legacy of Edgar Allen Poe. Tune in 12-2 
Guest hosting kojoshow. Didya hear the one about the exploding bong? Internet rumors for Tech Tuesday: 
McConnell has said $1 spent on a positive ad is $1 wasted, but he's going playful in final stretch: 
Election around the corner much? 
$7300 on Christmas cards, $6700 at Johnny's. What it looks like to spend $1M despite having no opponent: 
Ever wonder about those stats that someone voted 97 w/ Obama? This is where they come from: 
Here's how the SEC championship might complicate battle for Senate control:  
RichardGrenell I said a lot more than that, and I criticized ABC. Not to mention Roll Call laser-focued on covering the elections. 
shiracenter CahnEmily sweetgreen Or even better, NOMA, Florida Ave or H Street! 
Just for fun, we ranked our Most Vulnerable Senators by their wealth. See what each one is worth: 
Need to scroll all the way to 407, but some Congressfolk actually have more liabilities than assets: 
Midterms, you're weird. West Virginia competitive ... in late October? 
Gainer sometimes packed heat, what about the other 
My member of Congress has min. net worth of $1.07 million ( on rollcall list). How about yours? 
Rep. Ami Bera the 100th richest member of Congress. See the full rollcall list: 
MEPFuller At least it's not upside down. 
West Virginia has the wealthiest Members of Congress, and Arkansas members are the poorest 
Rep. Steve Stivers is ranked  on the rollcall Wealth of Congress list 
jakebrewer Thank you! Labor of love from an awesome team in both rollcall amp; CQ CQnow) newsrooms! 
Rep. Phil Gingrey is the No. 103 richest member of Congress. They're all ranked here: 
An unfortunately well-timed interview with former top cop Terry Gainer about Capitol complex security: 
Rep. Ted Deutch is the No. 331 richest member of Congress. They're all ranked for the 1st time ever: 
Congress has at least 188 millionaires. And we've ranked members by net worth for 1st time ever: 
Was runnerup in Post's 2012 Crystal Ball, too bad I'm not eligible for rollcall prediction contest: 
Getting to do stories like this are why I came back to rollcall. Kudos to Emma_Dumain amp; MEPFuller 
 The rollcall front page 20 years ago, just before GOP takeover. 
Team Politics huddle.  
Don't be alarmed, DC voters. It's an error, not a sign of distress: 
emma_dumain reminds us that Michele Bachmann won't slip away quietly. 
This just fell out of a tree at my feet. As heavy as a honeydew. What is it? 
Way to panic our political panel, NWS! 
The DSCC is done with Grimes. Nice scoop from KyleTrygstad: 
Great headline on this amandacarpenter news piece from nielslesniewski. 
Preach: "That is horrible defense by St. Louis."  
Whole lotta things about this I don't understand. But let's start with the White House floating away: 
While editing, came across a word we don't use often enough in rollcall: "knucklehead." 
jakebeckman SavedYouAClick Maher/Affleck? 
"The Post sent two reporters to Cartagena but were unable to locate the woman." 
Does SavedYouAClick take requests? 
Super excited for the talented and filled-with-joy LisaDNews to be joining NewsHour to cover politics! 
ellencarmichael Download the remote app on your phone. 
Love this classic nielslesniewski story about those attacks for missing Senate hearings ... 
Smart primer on why Arizona and Florida matter more on Nov. 4 than you think, from bridgetbhc: 
SReeceGreenberg mikememoli nielslesniewski Saw Darrell Bevell and Kris Richard for sure. 
Best part about flying to Seattle with a bunch of Seahawks on board? Seeing them studying game film on iPads. 
Clever RiegerReport edit of how candidates "approve this message," along w/ snarky RollCallAbby post: 
GarciaJon is gonna be soooo mad when he finds out who is on my flight to Seattle this morning! 
RTDSchapiro washingtonpost edatpost What's the car tax like in NH? 
If this goes until dawn, gonna be a real problem for all the Virginians when they close the bridge for the marathon. 
Count me in! RT nathanlgonzales: If I show up at Nats Park will they let me in? 
Being from the Bay Area and living in Washington, well, my Facebook and Twitter feeds are exploding.  
Inbox: Governor McAuliffe Announces Administration Appointments. Noted: No one named Puckett on the list. 
No more styrofoam in Congressional cafeterias. bridgetbhc has the scoop: 
I'm usually pretty opposed to fart humor. But this one was worth it. 
Found DC  reviewing apartment lease. Check out sig on "no grill" page. cc tomsherwood MikeMadden 
Convenient! MT rollcall: Secret Service hearing helped Chaffetz raise profile as he aims for gavel. 
Have there been breaches of Congress' protective service? Actually, we'll never know: 
Makes my top 5 favorite Page Ones yet: 
Terrific use of Labor Day fashion language  amp; more!  in  story from RollCallAbby 
This isn't a list you want to be on the month before the election. 
This RiegerReport special is almost nsfw: the James Traficant Hits and Misses video reel. 
Here's my kojoshow conversation w/ NickKristof about A Path Appears. Must-read, inspiring book: 
"Here, here!" cc EvanMcSan 
MarkCWills Thanks! 
Hosting kojoshow: Enterovirus, endangered birds amp; NickKristof in studio on his new book. Listen 12-2! 
RosaleeAdams I'm insulted on behalf of women in all professions. 
Obama at CBC dinner urges crowd to get out the vote: "It won't relieve me of my gray hair, but will help me pass some bills" 
Obama notes Michael Brown's family is attending CBC Foundation Dinner tonight. 
Obama tells CBC dinner he's going off script on uncooperative governors: "Easy to take a stand when you've got health insurance" 
Obama kicks off CBC dinner remarks w/ Holder tribute. "We will miss him badly." 
Obama at CBC dinner: "If it wasn't black tie I would have worn my tan suit. I would have looked good." 
"What we do for others remains immortal," says Honoree Robert Wright at CBC Foundation Dinner. 
Holder gets standing ovation at CBC Foundation dinner. 
Congrats to NewsHourWinslow as she gets well deserved retirement. End of NewsHour era! 
Appropriate rollcall  given my column: Ed Gillespie on  - 20 years ago. 
Here's the secret leadership vote MEPFuller story we're talking about on POTUSPressPool: 
bennyjohnson FTW! 
kbgruber You are right! Sorry for that and thanks for correcting me. cc POTUSPressPool 
Here we go! POTUSPressPool starts shortly, and I'm in juliemason's chair. Lots of great guests, please tune in! 
1st time I wrote about Jim Webb's prez ambitions, which I learned about on trail w/ him in '06: 
Hill staff, what do you think? Should "fabulous" be redefined? 
Hill staffers, we'd like to hear from you! I think it's time the rollcall Fab 50 gets a makeover. 
Sometimes a picture tells a thousand words. Sometimes you need a little background. 
In Niagara, came across Canadian amp; American boy scouts re-enacting War of 1812 battles. Not even kidding 
Sad to see Vince Callahan passed away. Longtime Va. delegate among the true legislators I've known. And great at karaoke. 
Jack Kingston in presiding officer chair, for what could very well be last time. Who's leaving Congress? 
 MT rollcall: Congrats to RollCall alum sbg1 on becoming Editor of Politico! Prepare for  from the archives. 
You know it's a good davidhawkings column when it includes the phrase "informal triumvirate"  and the rest of the sentence is good too! 
House rules oopsie! Two guys on their way out of Congress are in some hot water: 
clarkshadows shiracenter Reaching for re-election ... 
Only in this poll would both Kansas and California be in the lead.  
Political junkies, take note! 
ryanobles Stellar news! Let me know if you need neighborhood tips, friendly faces, etc! 
Obama email sounds the alarm: "In just 50 days, we'll ... elect the last Congress I'll ever work with as your President." 
Arkansas or North Carolina? Minnesota or Nebraska? We're letting readers pick our final campaign trips: 
Illinois senators each receive 11,605,333 sheets of blank paper; WVa. senators receive only 1,874,667 
Excited to announce a major rollcall project - you decide where to send shiracenter's campaign team: 
Wishing I was in Levi Stadium ... Go 49ers! 
Hillary is going to Iowa, so I'm on MHPshow this morning. Also talking about something more interesting - Braley v Ernst. 
Thanks for hosting me at  today! Fun to talk about Peace Summit for press, PR. 
Obama will pay for his war with a credit card known as OCO. steventdennis puts wonkiness to work: 
Really happy to announce we've promoted bridgetbhc to Campus Reporter. She's the best.  
Big bill falling apart. Headline today, or in July, or in 2013? 
By the way, if you want smart, interesting policy news and analysis, you should definitely  CQnow. 
Don't miss important project from talented friend maryfcalvert about sexual violence in the military: 
Thrilled to welcome ha_nah_nah to rollcall leadership team. If you don't already,  her amp; read: 
In which I explain why I spent my August recess doing data entry:  
Reason No. 647 why I love my rollcall job: Putting a staff photo on P1, skull made of beer cans amp; all. 
Spotted near Yale campus: "Thank God and Christ for liberal Democrats." 
Went to Connecticut for 1st time - my 38th state to visit. 
Which member of Congress owns stake in Italian soccer team? Get your fun  facts here: 
 the rollcall feed - we're doing countdown of our  list, after lots of hard work! 
UPPastryPlate Sorry, on wedding diet! 
Preview of MHP plate just for UPPastryPlate: 
Are you ready to watch leighstream on CSpan? Do it! 
Good morning! Who's up? I'm not just up, I'm upwithsteve! 
The  used to be in June when it was hot and humid. Now, well ... Go Team CQRollCall! 
Obama hanging out with Bill Clinton next Friday at the White House to mark AmeriCorps birthday. 
Encountered great phrase as I edit our big  rollout: "Scions of the landed gentry..." 
Thrilled about CNN gig for burlij - political smartypants, former NewsHour partner in crime, good baker 
Appropriate  from '12 Va. flyaround. Had you asked then what either of guy would be doing today... 
For last  of recess, here's John Boehner in mom jeans from 1997 rollcall archives. 
MikeMartinezDC :) Thanks! 
Hadas_Gold Thanks! 
And the most vulnerable Republican senator in the country is ... 
Really liking  campaign. Health is a big one, but how about less litter, too? 
Amazing. From clarkshadows 
With John Walsh off the list, there's a new person atop rollcall's Top 10 Most Vulnerable Senators. 
jaketapper javashri vplus Close enough ... It's Al Gore. Only realized after the fact I was "drawing" an Emmy, not an Oscar 
javashri Very very close ... category is "people." cc jaketapper vplus 
Five points to anyone who can guess my Pictionary drawing: 
 to Labor Day 2008 as Obama heads to Wisconsin. My vid of him singing Aretha in Detroit: 
Behold, video of John Boehner's greatest hits, via the superb RiegerReport: 
Vox's existence fully justified with this terrific coffee nap explainer and defense. 
Interesting Barbara Boxer Emily's List $ email says there's chance to "send Mitch McConnell packing" 
BBC reporter on Arab world reaction to Obama: "It was not about his suit." 
Early o'clock ... will be on Morning Joe in a few minutes talking today in politics. 
Classic  from rollcall 1998 archives - how big is that cell phone, Senator? 
Immigration activists are ambushing Paul Ryan at book signings across the country. 
Political  from 2012, when StuPolitics amp; I revisited our Aug 2011 presidential predictions. 
Hagan pokes Obama on veterans ahead of his Tuesday North Carolina visit: 
gwenifill kpolantz Impressive! You have no idea how sad I am I couldn't witness this in person. Kudos to you both. 
Looks like the Benghazi Committee may be creeping into action: 
Could see this in "Back to the Future IV" ... DC to build kinetic park generating energy by footsteps. 
ha_nah_nah on DC bracing for Ferguson protests tonight: 
Welcome to the last few weeks in rollcall newsroom: 
Paul Ryan tells Emma_Dumain there won't be another government shutdown: 
Here's the CahnEmily story on Pat Quinn and Illinois Democrats I mentioned on Morning_Joe: 
One peaceful night in Ferguson, pennstatetom was there. The story behind the camera lens: 
Dems might be enjoying fundraising advantage, but nathanlgonzales sees good signs for GOP: 
 circa 1215: Saw 1 of 4 originals of Magna Carta today in the Salisbury Cathedral. It was awesome. 
Really didn't think I'd ever be remotely associated w/ scene from Flashdance. But hey, it's Washington: 
alexis_levinson Bought! Thanks! 
Emma_Dumain with solid examination of what's next for Voting Rights Act changes post-Cantor. 
Hard Choices prominently up in Salisbury bookshop in UK. Related: looking for a good novel. Tips? 
Cool JFKLibrary HarvardIOP project seeks leaders under 40 making exceptional contributions. Use  to nominate 
Love covering Congress? rollcall is hiring! Details on our staff writer position are here: 
Best  story yet, trailing Chuck Grassley at the Iowa State Fair 
That's right, DWStweets, I've tossed the  to you: 
Politicians are joining in  And yes, I did it. Video to come. 
Thanks to djlavoie, this is apparently happening. 
London graffiti. 
Don't usually give airline compliments, but united's new safety videos for international flights are terrific. 
aishach Thanks! 
I'm excited to get to be in Monday's Economist news meeting in London to learn more about this cover. 
This shiracenter piece on RonBarberAZ is exactly why I'm sending rollcall on the road this summer: 
Obama dining at Fiola Mare in Georgetown. 
Republicans apparently going for lazy 20- to 30-something vote: (And yes, I'm guilty as charged.) 
Bentivolio joins rollcall casualty list of members not returning: More info: 
joelschafer whpresscorps Perhaps you should look at the link? 
Last spring we did a major project on gun control for NewsHour, working with Brady family: 
Obama using some disaster relief funds for border crisis. I discussed w/ hari on NewsHour Weekend: 
House GOP got its border funding bill passed. What's next? Will discuss w/ SteveKornacki on MSNBC for 9pm maddow show. 
Republicans voting NO: Massie, Fincher, Jones, Broun. Dem voting YES: Cuellar 
House Dems criticizing House GOP for allowing Rick Perry into the legislation. 
So, what happened in Congress' chaotic day? What do you think of border funding bill? I'll discuss on allinwithchris at 8. 
Brian Williams on Sharknado = brilliant. 
Sessions apparently takes a crack at Ted Cruz when Slaughter called him a Senate adviser: "I didn't get invited either." 
Pelosi calls GOP border bill "a statement of meanness." 
GOP border funding bill falls apart. They don't have the votes: 
Cantor bidding farewell as leader on House floor. 
Pelosi says money coming in off impeachment talk is almost "spontaneous." 
timstarks has terrific piece on Defense industry committee chairmen fundraising, amp; why it matters: 
Reid tells senators to get ready for working weekends in September. 
Congrats to sarajust as she takes helm of NewsHour amp; to NewsHourWinslow for her well-earned retirement! Kudos abound. 
Crank up the outrage machine! 
Flat Kojo really enjoyed Machu Picchu last week. cc kojoshow Nnamdikid 
davidhawkings on Cantor slow fade out: Leader will be crammed into tiny office after this week. 
bentomchik Thank you! It was fun! 
Trent Lott relishes return of Seersucker Thursdays. RollCallAbby gets details, references Karate Kid: 
To understand impeachment talk, read on how conservatives feel amp; for $ details 
Rule 1 of traveling abroad: Eat wherever sissenberg tells you to. 
Politicians in Lima take out full-on billboards. 
Spotted at the airport in Lima: Peru runs on Dunkin'? 
Some Chilean street art dedicated to the CIA. 
Square named 4 important battle in Chilean history. Tour guide notes "famous American" shares the name. 
No correct guesses, so here you go ... Catch up with you in 9 days, America! 
Another hint about my airport. There is an ear of corn - shaped like a plane! 
Airport art. Where am I? 
StevenTDennis makes an emphatic point at dnewhauser send off. Fare thee well! 
 from pages of rollcall in 1971. Hill job, $3/hour. 
iONBADEGGS Ha. 
I wish members of Congress still did magic tricks on the floor. Amazing davidhawkings column: 
joshtpm rollcall Thanks! You taught me well ... 
Today's enjoyable phrase to edit: 'He arrived in Congress with the thick, dark and slicked-back coiffure of a rockabilly star.' 
"Nobody wants a President Joe Biden." Ral Labrador on opposing Obama impeachment: 
It seems people are not so interested in donating to indicted politicians: (via CahnEmily) 
No surprise here: though McDaniel backers still upset, Dem Travis Childers only at 24 in PPP poll 
Colorado amp; Iowa Senate races look better for GOP while Hagan holds steady. Ratings amp; more: 
No matter where you stand on immigration debate, this has gotten out of hand and unfair: joseiswriting 
dnewhauser Last? By my clock there are four days left in the week. 
Early, but not direction Dems want 3.5 months before Election Day. New StuPolitics ratings: 
Excited to share rollcall's 1st eBook - a handy guide for anyone getting their start in Washington: 
PaulaDeVirginia Thank you! Asked my mom ... will let you know. 
Fresh watermelon, champagne amp; my best friend? Perfect night in my new fave spot. Thanks bubbys! jennsimicrucker 
Here is the important jjouvenal story on DC General that I mentioned on upwithsteve today. 
And we're upwithsteve! 
I could eat and drink here for the rest of my life. Ask for Ricky.  Bubby's High Line 
Great ryangrim piece on joseiswriting in limbo at the border. 
Look out, New York!  are coming for you. jennsimicrucker  Omni Berkshire Hotel 
Wish we were together like this ridiculous pic 1 year ago today. Love you joseiswriting  
Reunion!  Or at least  (jennsimicrucker) 
Flashback Friday to that time last year I waited 10 hours for a hug: 
Hey CalmingManatee, jasonjdick has a calming manatee shirt. Win! 
Pro-tip for reading tomorrow's WARojas extravaganza in rollcall - don't do it hungry. Or, plan to eat immediately after. 
turner4D NPR DrDigiPol PolitixDavid Strongly disagree. Silly logic. Might as well say writing something someone says is endorsement. 
dnewhauser You'll be missed but happy for your new opportunity. We had a great run! 
Guy tells RollCallAbby Nick Rahall "loves Obama... amp; I hate Obama." Illustrates what Dems up against: 
Best phrase I've edited all day: "cavorting at sex parties in the Caribbean" 
Dallas may have busted out cheerleaders, but sure sounds like Cleveland officials are trying harder: 
dnewhauser gets details on House GOP's Obama lawsuit  Boehner is moving toward late July vote: 
Charlie Crist's 1st TV ad sunny in topic amp; demeanor. Will raise minimum wage, seek equal pay for women. 
Love our rollcall archives. Very young Senate hopeful named Obama meets w/ StuPolitics 9/26/2003: 
nathanlgonzales disagrees w/ me on Republicans' amp; Democrats' ability to be friends. What do you think? 
Obama was at Andrews Air Force Base for 5 hours, 21 mins. He amp; golfing buddies did 18 holes. Pool view: 
Obama is golfing w/ Marty Nesbitt, Eric Whitaker amp; Marvin Nicholson. Us poolers waiting at Andrews Air Force Base food court. 
Over/under on this guy wanting to golf on most perfect July day D.C. has ever had? Yeah ...  
A special  from rollcall archives. We know cbrangel likes to dance. 
Sorry about this.  rollcalldc's photo 
FiveIronFanatic Good catch! A bunch of us editors missed it. Thanks! 
Best 3 mins of your day will include Rand Paul stretching, presidents running amp; Linda Sanchez: 
Welcome to Twitter, dcclphoto! Africa trip w/ DrBiden great place to start.  
McDaniel allies file lawsuit challenging Cochran win, accuse him of paying voters. 
Okay, confess. How many of you in DC just noticed like jasonjdick amp; I did that Thidiut Courtois looks like Paul Ryan? 
While everyone's excited for bennyjohnson post on nerdy Congressional Base Game, enjoy this p14 pic: 
In today's bipartisanship highlight, Cedric Richmond gave Vance McAllister the pitch he wanted: 
Scraps of paper w/ leadership votes locked in McMorris Rodgers' safe. Love this MEPFuller story. 
Things get done in Washington when politicians play sports together. Let's discuss: 
Make. It. Stop. Only thing worse than end of quarter deadline is end of second quarter deadline. 
Obama to Congress: "Pass a bill. Solve a problem." 
lindentreegroup Loved the book! 
ChuckGrassley Are you watching  Would love to get your take. 
To understand families  heart of immigration debate, any side you're on, start  9pm w/ joseiswriting  on CNN. 
Spent today celebrating jennsimicrucker for marking another year around the sun. Love my best friend! 
Catania to Andy Harris: Don't mess with DC's weed laws. ha_nah_nah explains: 
Smart move, appealing to the women of the house: 
Anyone out there know someone named Sandra Rackley? Would be in her 60s or so ... Please RT. Thanks! 
clarkshadows with hilarious pictorial proving just how hard it is to photograph baseball. 
Today's rollcall archives  Why yes that IS Thad Cochran amp; George Miller in basketball uniforms. 
Read about more sports while watching USA v. Germany  bridgetbhc on Congressional Baseball Game: 
burlij  "ich bin ein berliner!" 
Wondering why clarkshadows is terrific? Here's one reason. Holy smokes! 
2 amp; 1/2 more innings amp; I get to give this out. It's Dems 10, GOP 3.  Washington Nationals Stadium-Pnc 
MikeMartinezDC Many thanks! 
A tea party group said McDaniel loss proves one thing  importance of getting out the vote for Joe Carr vs. Lamar Alexander. 
Real excited for tonight's Roll Call Congressional Baseball Game. Listen to XM's POTUS for some color 
Did you vote in a primary yesterday? What was your message to the politicians? Discussing on NPR's drshow 10-11 am. 
ChrisConfalone Thanks! 
Tune in to MSNBC - talking now w/ chrislhayes on primary results. 
Talking tonight about IRS scandal on Al Jazeera America's "Consider This." What do you think? 
Polls about to close in Mississippi. Will we know soon if Thad Cochran squeaked by? Check results here: 
Your next member of Congress, Curt Clawson: Chances are, he won't do drugs. 
This time tomorrow we'll be at the Roll Call Congressional Baseball Game. Do you have your tickets? 
Election season ... RT rollcall Boehner is planning House lawsuit against Obama's executive actions 
More at stake on Nov. 4: nathanlgonzales looks at Congressional Baseball players who might not be back. 
Learned Whitney Houston, George H.W. Bush occupy same wing of Madame Tussauds DC. jasonjdick explains: 
We promise we won't tell your boss if you pick someone else on your fantasy league: 
Local bear steps out for a burrito. 
TonyFratto rollcall CWSoftballGame Good thing I am a girl! 
Don't miss today's rollcall  we've got 2 pages devoted to CWSoftballGame w/ great pics of lady press, female lawmakers. 
Interesting read by CahnEmily  Bill Clinton wanted in AR, KY, Hillary Clinton preferred in Ill., NY 
Spotted next to ammo and archery section in Montgomery, Ala. consignment store, just for dcbigjohn 
Billboards outside of Montgomery, Alabama. 
Way to have a slogan, Montgomery! 
The comments on this say just about everything about America. 
Obama honoring Jimmie Johnson amp; Hendrick Motorsports team members for NASCAR Sprint Cup Series championship  
kujoatc75 
Hate the loss, but love this photo of DWStweets: 
Well, this exists, and it's a pretty common Google search attached to the next majority leader. 
Planning a post-Nov. 4 vacation? Maybe don't buy those tickets yet. kyletrygstad explains: 
Fave rollcall story today by cdiersing: McCarthy had no real opponent. Meet write-ins challenging him 
Babes lost. But so proud of MVP RollCallAbby. Anyone with her amp; SenGillibrand in Fantasy Football did real well. 
They were real good this year. Congrats, Congress. We'll get that trophy back next year.  
It's a tie ball game, ladies!    
Here we go yo.    Watkins Elementary School 
Tune in to CNN to see 1st pitch for CWSoftballGame coming up soon.   
That jbendery just can't stop herself from photobombing.   cc NancyPelosi 
The Bad News Babes hit the cages just as online ticket sales close. See you at Watkins at 7 pm! cc 
Wanted all the juicy details out of GOP meeting today? dnewhauser Emma_Dumain have you covered: 
Whoever is picking me for this obviously didn't read my column.   
Game Day! This is why I play in CWSoftballGame. Do you have your tickets yet? 
While spying on the members side, LACaldwellDC gets at exact sentiment of tonight's CWSoftballGame: 
Punishment would be back under a Roskam whip operation, apparently: 
This game is no joke. RollCallAbby amp; I took to the roof for some pepper. Awkward video included. 
Please let this happen: D.C. No Taxation Without Representation Way headed soon to your map? 
Oh we are so ready to    Watkins Elementary School 
This is just one example of why pennstatetom is one of best in the business: 
Just a little bit terrifying. My picks include ehuetteman cbudoffbrown AND MORE! 
Becerra sure sounds like he'd prefer having Labrador as majority leader: 
Before Wednesday Congressional Women's Softball Game, I detail why I play:   
XM already has nice Kasem tribute up. 
Happy Father's Day to the woman who always had to do it all. I love you. 
Double trouble on TV today - cspan newsmaker w/ Rep. Becerra 10am, CNNReliable on week of Cantor 11 am. Tune in! 
RichardLui Milbank msnbc Thank you! Fun as always. 
What do you think of Boehner's leadership style? Romney's role in GOP? Discussing shortly on MSNBC w/ Milbank RichardLui 
An appropriate  from June 2010. cc adamconner anoyes 
What would you ask Rep. Xavier Becerra? I'll get the chance to interview him on C-Span Sunday at 11 a.m. 
Labrador to DavidMDrucker in 2013: GOP Could Support Path to Legalization for Illegal Immigrants 
I get to try all this stuff, so help me give North Carolina BBQ a boost, will ya? 
meredithdake RiegerReport I can't believe we forgot to get the trio shot! 
Indeed. 
Just me and a couple of tall dudes before a fancy dinner.   Anthem, Marriott Marquis 
MEPFuller gets the scoop - Pete Sessions has dropped out of race for Majority Leader: 
 Bad News Babes press team just before we  last year in cwsoftballgame. Still 
 jaketapper 90s era rollcall cartoon on Al Gore. 
This ha_nah_nah story perfectly captures Hill mood after Cantor, plus has an epic photo of Steve King. 
TweetTw88036790 
Learned more than I can ever tally from l_whittington, missing her in newsroom today. We'll have to settle for her awesome presents. 
So, how does a DCCC chairman learn about biggest stunner of the cycle? Steve Israel's Tuesday night: 
Watching House floor, wondering which seersucker-clad lawmakers read Trent Lott's advice to HeardontheHill 
If you missed our team-effort Cantor story, quick, read it now before things change! 
Good timing for my speech to DeltaRegional this morning! 
How annoyed is Hillary Clinton right now? 
4 bylines, 7 contributors, 1 word as headline: (Stunner). This is rollcall lead story tomorrow: 
Pelosi stmt: As far as the midterms elections are concerned, its a whole new ballgame. 
JesseFFerguson shearm mikeallen PostRoz Tonight, I was. 
It's not often you get to shred tomorrow's front page. Hate being wrong, but so little is surprising in politics these days. 
For gay staffers, the Capitol has really changed over the last decade. Beckgale details an evolution: 
LittleJRuck Ha  I'm not inviting all of Twitter! 
MeenaGanesan Thanks! 
The House floor is like a retiring members showcase right now. 
Don't miss the return of Roll Call's Wedding Announcements. Congrats, Janelle Hervig amp; Mitch Relfe! 
Like riding your bike to work in the Capitol? Yeah, too bad: - by ha_nah_nah 
Whoa. Puckett! MT PostRoz: Dem Va. state sen. to resign, hands Senate to GOP/derails Medicaid effort. 
 Last time Obama marked DDay in Normandy, I was the pool reporter amp; I made this video: 
 rollcall 2002. Somehow both Bono and McConnell still look the same a dozen years later. 
This just in - Maggie Williams of Hillary Clinton land will be next HarvardIOP director, replacing Trey Grayson. 
BenJerrysTruck benandjerrys NoMaBID is best area! rollcall amp; CNN would surely be happy! 
Bergdahl, Mississippi amp; Hillary, coming up on CNN w/ jmartNYT JohnKingCNN - what do you think? 
Whoops! Chris Christie is the Faith amp; Freedom fill in for the Benham Brothers? 
BuzzFeedFood BuzzFeed Also, like this: 
This is not the Chris McDaniel you're looking for. 
This breaks my heart. Mame Reiley was truly one of the good ones in politics. She will be missed. 
In 1977, 77 percent of Congress had served in the military. Now, not so much. davidhawkings explains: 
JBL049 Can't DM if you're not following. hristinabellantonirollcall.com 
Miss this? We did special  for jearnest44 new gig. Check it out: 
How young amp; innocent jearnest44 was for his big new Hill job.  in honor of promotion 
NoMaBID wins my heart with DeLorean at 1st outdoor flick of the season.  
Clip or print amp; save: rollcall cheat sheet detailing Benghazi panel members. 
lizzwinstead Right?! 
Tune in now for  - discussing Hillary amp; massive campaign spending soon on MHPshow on MSNBC. 
Just out of school? Want to work with fun bunch amp; cover Congress? Our junior copy editor slot: 
Miss it? We're bringing back wedding announcements. Details on Beckgale RollCall project here: 
Excited to bring Capitol Hill wedding announcements back to rollcall! Send 'em in: via Beckgale 
ashlee_strong Thanks! pennstatetom makes it easy, and any lady he's taken a photo of knows exactly what I'm talking about. 
Will kissing congressman help GOP reclaim Coveted Roll Call trophy 6/25? Vance McAllister joined the team: 
Wondering why 10 Republicans voted against honoring Jack Kicklaus? Yeah, so were we. via MEPFuller 
Perfect race weather for  challenge. Go Team News Travels Fast!   
Happy birthday to birthday twin Philip_Elliott, who I bumped into last year as we both celebrated at Le Diplomate! 
Obama at surprise visit to White House talent show: "I've got talent." 
2nd meeting room spat in as many weeks. This one's over Koch Brothers Exposed screening in Capitol. 
ryanbeckwith Indeed! Thanks, friend! 
Neda_Semnani Thank you! XO 
Ron Paul email notes: "My son, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY), is now considered a frontrunner for President in 2016" 
I got kicked out of tea party school. Here's my story: 
Obama goes Thurs to Cooperstown, NY for speech on tourism at National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.  
Presenting Coveted Roll Call Cup to winning Congressional golf team GOP captain Rep. Ander Crenshaw. 
This just in from the Congressional Golf Game: GOP wins Coveted Roll Call Cup, crushing the Democrats, 14-6. 
PeterHambyCNN amp; I, coming right up on TheLeadCNN. Tune in! 
Voting tomorrow? Share your thoughts before I join PeterHambyCNN to talk politics on TheLeadCNN w/ jaketapper at 4:30. 
Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president. We look at what she is building in the Senate. 
Bush mourns Miss Beazley. Does Obama let Bo up on Oval Office couch? 
Pelosi closes Berkeley graduation address with "Go Bears!" Indeed. 
Pelosi Berkeley graduation speech touches on campaign finance, climate deniers. Message: be disruptors. 
Pelosi at Berkeley graduation: Being called a disruptor is high compliment ...My wish is you will be disruptors when necessary" 
Overheard on P St: "Tortilla Coast, I've heard of that place. It's supposed to be really good." (Nope!) cc MEPFuller 
Wonky but totally interesting via Emma_Dumain nathanhurst. How earmark-free water bill is about to pass. 
On the Friday News Roundup today on drshow 10-11 am. Talking VA, gay marriage, NYT. Please tune in! 
Today's mystery: Who is the member of Congress in this 70s era bike to work day  
Pelosi giving commencement at UC Berkeley Saturday.  
 In honor of lynnsweet birthday, here's our 2008  glam shot. 
How 'bout that: Obama tells donors the Senate needs to change "how a filibuster works." 
Muggy morning, but solid practice.   cc cwsoftballgame  Watkins Recreation 
Can I please borrow a cup of white sugar? Attempting to prep for National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day. 
Obama welcoming Super Bowl Champion Seattle Seahawks to WH.  Also, paging GarciaJon 
elisefoley For future fashion contracts, perhaps? 
CahnEmily Guess they've locked in the ... 
Emma_Dumain on Judiciary slot fight if Conyers blunder keeps him from Congress. Hint: it's not pretty: 
puxxled Thanks! 
It's not Lee Terry's first primary challenge, but is looking like his closest: 
"DC" scenes/skyscrapers in Captain America are ridiculous. The "DC" car chase actually showed sign for NY's West Side Highway. 
Editing on Amtrak because rollcall is that hard core. Follow West Virginia amp; Nebraska results here: 
BobHerbert RichardKimNYC Just missed it, by about a minute. But caught the regional and all is well. See you next time! 
nielslesniewski allinwithchris We've def got that one queued up already. :) 
nielslesniewski allinwithchris Ha! Go ahead! We'll keep them on their toes. 
Survey ahead of allinwithchris segment: What could a candidate do or say to become completely unelectable in general? 
PPP Alaska poll has slim Begich lead and "Barack Obama's approval rating comes down at 9/71" Yikes. 
TheReidReport mckaycoppins amp; I on Senate races: Here's KyleTrygstad story I teased: 
Care about the midterms? Important story to watch from KyleTrygstad on Begich getting boost in Alaska: 
Accurate. Also, considering making this my Twitter profile. 
allinwithchris costareports JensenElis davidsirota camRONweiss pescami eseratuaolo // Amtrak and I send our regrets ... :( 
Happy for Yahoo amp; for my friend. RT Hadas_Gold: Yahoo adds meredithshiner to their growing team 
Talking Rubio amp; Rand Paul, Dem Senate candidates coming up on MSNBC. It's about energizing base. So, are you voting Nov. 4? 
End of an era! What will Hill be like without BrendanBuck? And what will he say about Obamacare? 
Rooftop bars at sunset.    1905 Restaurant 
Crushing it. cc cwsoftballgame  Upton Hill Batting Cage 
Gowdy starts off Fox News Sunday interview by wishing Chris Wallace and Xavier Becerra Happy Mothers' Day. 
Come for the job, stay for the seasons.   
Sometimes as an editor, you allow f-bombs in a story. This was one of those times. 
Rahm embraces Clinton '16. 
Pelosi says people are either: "Tired of Benghazi" or didn't follow it much "in the first place." 
jasonjdick displays his varied taste in magazines. 
Someone really wants you to read these books. 
 Two years, 8 lbs., two elections and an indictment later. 
Blast from the Past: rollcall alum CharlieReports writes about Iowa congressional race for us: 
Get excited people! A special byline is going to appear in rollcall. Stay tuned. 
So, I guess I'll have to figure out how to pronounce HSCES2012TAB 
House observed moment of silence for Jim Oberstar, who passed away Friday: 
The Benghazi Dozen: Panel Will Have 7 Republicans, 5 Democrats 
My hometown Rep. Mike Honda on rollcall's 10 Most Vulnerable Members list. See them all: 
Don't miss CahnEmily 1st RCShopTalk column ... on   amp; kudos to RollCallAbby who is passing column reins. 
If you had to guess how many in Congress went to  would you be surprised less than two dozen? 
CapitolHillFox Not sure you'd look good in black tie! 
Could House throw Lerner behind bars? Turns out, yes. KatyODonnell_ has my fave story of the day: 
RollCallAbby You earned it. 
This  serves as a save-the-date: 6-25 annual RollCall Congressional Baseball Game 
Seems appropriate to tweet stuck in traffic/late to IARoundtable! DrDigiPol PolitixDavid amp; katmatsa 
In farhip profile of WH reporter Lesley Clark, "stenographer" label dubbed "tiresome." Indeed. 
Ted Cruz hosts "free-for-all" gabfest with House conservatives. 
Spotted heading to Union Station Metro, dodging unruly kids blocking the walkway: Howard Dean. 
DNC holding weekend meeting to "review amp; draft Delegate Selection Rules for 2016 delegate selection, nominating process." 
Question for Twitter: What's a fair amount to pay for licensing a popular song for a YouTube video? 
Gabby Giffords tells EMILY's List dinner yoga helped her recovery. RollCallAbby is there: 
Boehner mum on Grimm: but Emma_Dumain amp; MEPFuller got members' reax: 
If you haven't seen rollcall Page 22 yet, well, it's pretty great. 
So, someone's under investigation. Unnamed House member getting a look: 
Expect more ads like this as GOP gets smart(er) on lady messaging alexis_levinson 1st rollcall story: 
Boehner haters aren't giving up. Sounds like they're plotting, or at least trying to. via MEPFuller 
Term limits born from Republican revolution are actually creating problems for GOP. via dnewhauser 
Meet the first million-dollar Organizing for Action donor, via eagle-eyed elizarules 
Spotted in Santa Fe, part 2 - bumper sticker politics. 
Spotted in Santa Fe - signs there's a midterm coming! 
I always like huffposthill because it's a fun read. Today I like it for truthtelling. 
People of Albuquerque and Santa Fe: best restaurants for my weekend getaway? Thanks! 
vv_gigi You got the best one, hands down! 
Meet the woman waiting out the wild Georgia GOP primary, kyletrygstad's  
Finally opened DSCC letter from Obama to Mr. Roll Call. Look, a "handwritten" plea: 
xPurepecha Aw! Hi Stacey! 
WH sends official "readout" of Obama's Calls w/ UConn coaches Kevin Ollie amp; Geno Auriemma  
There are multiple amusing things about this letter (mailed by the DSCC) that ended up in my inbox. 
Huge kudos to elisaslow on his well-deserved Pulitzer for food stamp series. Best storyteller at the Post. 
Bad News Babes at bat.    Upton Hill Batting Cage 
Wisconsin's Tom Petri is retiring. He's  on our list of 50 Richest 
Sked: "Obama to present 2013 Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy to United States Naval Academy Football Team"  
If co-worker offers you snack of something you're severely allergic to, but you don't die, what's proper etiquette? 
Behold, the Obama and Biden tax returns: 
steventwilson She's not on twitter. But here I am! 
Hey Twitter! Friend moving to Montgomery, Alabama. She's cool/wants to make friends. Tips? Clubs? Dating? Thanks in advance! 
All 3 Ga. Senate hopefuls opposed Ryan budget. dnewhauser noticed Senate cands. running from Boehner: 
Rare sight to see so many lawmakers in the chamber before a vote starts. Paul Ryan makes closing argument on his budget. 
formanPR Thanks! 
Please watch this, learn something. 
This Top Chef fan girl very excited to interview Carla Hall on kojoshow - tune in to WAMU 88.5! 
Hosting kojoshow 12-2, listen in! Talking same-sex marriage taxes, Md. pot amp; w/ Top Chef's Carla Hall 
Members of Congress not thrilled by my column. But I toned down 1st version, deleting "That's gross." 
Nuance! Hoyer Clarifies: No, I Have Not Smoked Pot via rollcall 
Oh, I'm ready for our first practice.   
When you earn 6 figures+, you're not underpaid. Period. Why people view you as completely out of touch: 
Incumbents almost always win. rollcallabby amp; cahnemily give you 5 Potential House Primary Losers: 
Talking about equal pay, CIA report, politics on MSNBC w/ finneyk - what do you think about Obama's decision? 
Instagram political discourse. 
dcbigjohn Excellent. Noted! 
Eukadanz Thanks! 
daphneedenis Thanks! 
Okay, Twitter! Have narrowed late July trip to Ecuador or Peru. Looking for good weather, food, relaxing. What do you think? 
Heartbreaking vigil for missing DC girl Relisha Rudd this morning - kids wore her photo, held candles 
Here's the Moran Congressional pay reform story as it appeared in rollcall nearly 23 years ago. 
From rollcall archives: Moran joined Boehner calling for Congressional pay reform as freshman in '91: 
Amazing find is about to become an amazing rollcall story. No hints, but it's real good. 
Don't miss terrific Alankota piece on Senate  extension driving a wedge between House Republicans: 
Cantor to Hoyer on why House GOP not putting unemployment insurance extension bill on floor: It "doesn't create any jobs." 
Jim Moran, doing Congress no favors: via ha_nah_nah 
The House will be taking a moment of silence for the Fort Hood victims. 
Unemployment vote deal for today falls through. Geez. via rollcall: 
Too little, too late Jim Graham campaign! Arrived in mail today.  
Obama: "Dems have tendency to get really excited during presidential years, then during midterms we go into hibernation" 
This is my favorite cartoon caption contest yet: Bruce Braley in a jam. All the finalists are good! 
Four Republicans switched their unemployment extension votes: 
Ready4Hillary fine print: 'No federal legal limit' to how much [u] can give, but [we] voluntarily limit lifetime contribs to $25k/per donor 
There's no oregano on my tomato. Guess where I am - same place as 50 other political journalists.  
Just waking up and wondering who DC next mayor will be? ha_nah_nah reports on Bowser ousting Gray. 
ha_nah_nah stayed up late to wait for  results. Bowser prevails, promises fresh start: 
agjaffe Wash Post got it wrong too, don't feel bad. 
agjaffe Not the first woman. 
I love sharing good news with rollcall's newsroom: 
Not 1st to say it's the end of an era w/ adamconner leaving facebook, but I'll say it again. Best wishes to a stellar guy. 
Excited to welcome alexis_levinson to Team RollCall, where she'll cover campaigns/battle for Senate 
Polls were hopping in Logan Circle this morning. Bowser team, others in full GOTV mode.  
n8coombs PraliteMonks Zachary_Cohen Thanks! 
mckaythomas Thanks! 
"Reid is now filling the tree on HR 3979, the vehicle for UI"  
MichaelOrton Thanks! 
OConnellPostbiz Too cold! 
ShawnFetta Actually meeting the bf down there after he goes ... 
We've now surpassed the average number of retirements. Our list here: 
Does it make me biased if I say this sounds like a pretty great place to host a convention? 
A mental health event with CreighDeeds at the National Press Club is showing on CSpan 2 right now. 
People of Twitter! If you could vacation anywhere in Central or South America for 5 days in late July, where would you go? 
Actual question - if someone tried to go on today when it was down, are they considered "in line"? 
Terrific cbudoffbrown piece underscores why I believe in important role of free press: 
danrothschild Amazing! 
Classic. Tip to campaigns: it's way cheaper to shoot photos actually from your state on an iphone. 
ImaniMCheers Thanks! Miss seeing your happy face! Hope all is well! 
OKGetsu Thanks! It reminds me of a Mockingjay. Found it at a market in London. 
WPIatAU Are results going to be posted somewhere? Thanks for a great event! 
Racin' for a cause. Good work kristindlee Beckgale! 
Ladies running in the rain. 5K or bust! Race for Representation represent!  American University 
Obama will host Red Sox on Tuesday, Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games athletes Thursday.  
That 'Sinkhole of Bureaucracy' the Wash Post wrote about is in Rep. Mike Kelly's district, btw: 
My favorite thing of the day:  
Hey Congress, this is one reason people don't like Washington: 
Um: "Smiling Joe has his own celestial body - 2012 VP-113" shortened to VP or Biden. 
Curious which Republican will get to run against Braley? One of them spends time on the farm. 
My daily prison letter writer is maybe going a little overboard. 
House Republicans aren't too worried about that whole unemployment insurance extension thing. 
Great breakfast w/ BobCusack. Who says competitors can't get along? 
Ready for it? The Congressional Women's Softball Game will be June 18.   
If you're looking for a seriously "Holy shit!" story, here you go: 
NULLgarity Actually men's room - boyfriend snapped pic for me. 
gavinesq Actually the boyfriend spotted it in men's room. 
Political messaging in Maryland truck stop bathroom. 
Before moderating Robert Gibbs/Fred Thompson debate I re-read my '09 profile of then-Press Sec: 
Here we go ... should be interesting: 
mollyesque WesleyLowery meetthepress Almost forgot! 
And yes, I had Harvard in my bracket. Tommy Amaker is my hero! 
Shoq Guilty as charged. I can only imagine what a Twitterholic I would have been if I'd really used it on the trail in 2007 and 2008. 
Who's hot and banned by Russia? StevenTDennis has the new It list: 
And here's that rollcall bracket I talked about w/ meetthepress: 
Cool to be part of debut w/ WesleyLowery amp; mollyesque MT meetthepress: Who tops your bracket? 
Don't count on that whole unemployment insurance extension thing happening. 
This is about the only way I can handle March Madness: 
Remember when House stenographer freaked out? She says it wasn't a breakdown. ha_nah_nah reports: 
Immigration Doesnt Have the Votes Yet, Ryan Says via rollcall 
If you haven't yet read Feinstein's full speech, you should. 
Ready to par-tay? The Senate's climate change all-nighter is starting now! 
Which members of Congress attended the Gridiron? 
Definitely my favorite letter from prison. Thank you for keeping my job entertaining! 
In awe of milesobrien. Wish I could say I would be half as wise or gracious if I lost a limb. 
Debut of Roll Call Roundtable, an experiment opening up our newsroom: 
ren_lessard eric1743 Ha! Sorry about that! 
The CBC is not pleased with Darrell Issa. How this nasty spat just got nastier. via Emma_Dumain 
Discourse via Instagram comments: 
dnewhauser "some 20 Members" were using the "microblogging Web site Twitter" - ha! 
DC feuding with Secret Service after Tuesday motorcade traffic fiasco. ha_nah_nah has details: 
Here are the 8 Democrats who helped tank Obama's DOJ nominee tied to Mumia case: 
CNN, MSNBC start hour with Ukraine. Fox does IRS hearing. 
Love secret list of DC food critics in Playbook. Once talked w/ Tom Sietsema, his identify safe w/ me! 
Totally rando WordFeud ad suggests Obama is helping me refinance: 
TimMurray_MA Thanks! Was great to meet you! 
Not kind of thing you want to do when you're 90. MT rollcall: Rep. Ralph Hall heads to run-off  
'Grand bargains are out. Grand new proposals are out, too.' Smart budget analysis from steventdennis 
rollcallabby has your primer on what to watch in Texas, the first primaries of 2014. 
Offensive? Beautiful? Memorable either way, this is image from feminist Judy Chicago. Listen: 
Virginia Ave. tunnel, feminist icon Judy Chicago amp; effects of snow days on kids. Listen live at 12-2! 
Just saw a cop pushing florist van stuck in snow up a hill. Meanwhile, my cabbie is heroic. kojoshow, see you soon! 
RalstonReports I loved him in that! 
Not embarrassed at all. Amazing. RT TheEllenShow: If only Bradley's arm was longer. Best photo ever.  
elisefoley Seriously! 
Whoa ... 
DC schools closed Mon. We'll be talking about winter's impact on kids, families on kojoshow - tune in 12-2! 
DC emergency tweets: Ironically, this is Nat'l Severe Weather Preparedness Week. 
bennyjohnson Here is my  More where this came from! 
 just so weak MT rollcall: Weather Delays Monday Vote on Contentious DOJ Nominee Adegbile 
Obama picks sides in House primary that RollCallAbby wrote feature on this week 
dnewhauser gets at what happened inside GOP's Obamacare rewrite meetings. Fate of plan uncertain: 
I completely want an bennyjohnson Kitty of Congress 
Another member no longer "Yes" on rollcall whip count of House GOP who back immigration principles 
ktullymcmanus I'm the only one! Both WaPo amp; NYT! 
Schumer tells NPR this morning Dems will be okay in fall if they change conversation from health care to middle class. 
I live in 8-story apartment building, and am lone subscriber to print Wash Post. 2 WSJ readers, 3 Economist households. 
Congrats to all! MT NewsHour: Huge welcome to DomenicoNBC, who's joining NewsHour team as Political Editor amp; Senior Producer! 
amandacarpenter profile on rollcall front page helps you understand how Cruz reaches grass roots. 
And wishing him a very speedy recovery while I marvel at his bravery. 
Always appreciated milesobrien as a fan, then as a colleague. Amazed by his simple, intense post: 
seungminkim And they have been out for almost a month! 
Not one woman has been elected to succeed her husband who retired or resigned. Ever. 
No man has ever succeeded his wife in Congress. This amp; other stats in coming davidhawkings column that will blow your mind. 
If you haven't yet seen today's rollcall, pick one up for this awesome pic of Nancy Pelosi. 
Wondering which House Republicans support leadership's immigration principles? We asked: 
Obama puts out a pretty terrific statement on Harold Ramis' death. 
rollcall has devoted its entire front page to john_dingell tomorrow. Check it out, one to hang on to! 
Thanks to Twitter amp; StuPolitics we've determined it's Kaye Lanier Rae Rafko, Miss America 1988 (Miss Michigan). Internet ftw! 
Hey world! Any idea who this woman is? 
Pallone on Dingell: His impact can be felt on most important legislation of past half century. (Medicare, Clean Air Act, ACA) 
The dean is done. Dingell to retire. 
OKnox EvanMcSan Yeah, I'm actually siding with Evan on this one. 
What can Congress get done before the midterms? Discussing at 12:45 on MSNBC w/ DavidNakamura amp; tjholmes. What do you think? 
kpolantz Aw! Thanks! 
It's a pretty political week for both Obama (1 OFA event, 1 fundraiser) and Biden (2 fundraisers, 2 TV shows). 
On Monday, Biden appears on 1st episode of Late Night with Seth Meyers." Tuesday, he's on The View." 
Budget nerds take note! MT rollcall: StevenTDennis explains secret Senate debt limit vote unnecessary: 
Don't miss important PJTobia look: Afghan employees of US gov't, targeted by Taliban, yet can't get US visas 
Today's rollcall front page includes a headless snowman.  
JustinPKenny Aw! Feel better ... miss you tons! 
Amazing. C-Span3 is replaying Clinton impeachment arguments. 
If you're an NewsHour watcher, thanks to JustinPKenny team, you've known about Ukraine for months, by the way.  
About that whole bimbo thing? Joe Baca apologizes. rollcallabby has details: 
Paging Dennis Kucinich. RT rollcall: House Staffer Stuck by Bony Lunch Surprise via WARojas 
Interesting nugget from PPP's Louisiana poll shows only 28 of voters in the state think gay marriage should be allowed. 
Give House of Cards spoilers, get booted from listserv. Harsh! 
A Valentine-themed  from 1964 edition of rollcall. 
Think rollcall is as awesome as I do? Do you love covering Congress? I've got just the job for you: 
Ha! Tough New Yorkers on display: "Schumers legislative director snowshoed to work" 
Sausage-making: nielslesniewski got tally sheet showing 6 GOP Senators switched their debt limit votes 
APAndrewTaylor Here's our story: 
C-Span viewers, world, kept in dark for hour-long debt vote. Here's why that matters: 
Another one bites the dust: Doc Hastings to Retire From Congress via rollcallabby 
The ultimate Snow Day  - rollcall front page from Jan. 15, 1965: 
DC emergency Twitter tells me: If shoveling, be careful w/ the weight/heavier by the minute. This snow amp; ice has a creme brulee feel to it. 
How many Dems made it to the retreat? Emma_Dumain is there, Joe Biden will not be. 
Guess it is easier job. MT rollcall: Tim Griffin, leaving Congress for family, will run for Lt. Gov.: 
C-Span is replaying our  now. If you're bunkered in, tune in! 
My favorite email of the day, hands down. 
Public service announcement from ha_nah_nah. If you date or are wooing a Hill staffer, beware: 
I've allowed a cupid-themed story to lead page 3 tomorrow. Valentine's Day, don't say I never did anything for you. 
Want to know who is leaving Congress this year? rollcall keeps it all in one handy place: 
Boehner to GOP: Youre not even going to clap for me for getting this monkey off of our backs? 
Colbert gets to sit at the head table during the State Dinner. FYI. 
Sorry, it's INTERNATIONAL Marriage Week. Republicans taking special time on House floor to discuss its importance. C-Span is where it's at. 
Michele Bachmann is talking about the institution of marriage, because it's National Marriage Week. Happy Valentine's Day! 
Coming up in the Senate: vote on whether to confirm Richard Stengel to State Dept. 
lizzwinstead Almost as fun as you! 
Democrats giving Mark Pryor a nice little vote for the fall tonight. meredithshiner reports: 
Rep. Aaron Schock spent $25k for Brian Urlacher to appear at "Schocktoberfest" fundraiser: 
Love this Emma_Dumain piece on SteveScalise -- guy trying to push Boehner to be more conservative. 
Oh, Joe! 
 Three reporter ladies and a bunny, two months into the Obama presidency. 
The  will be broadcast in full on cspan Saturday at 10 p.m. and again at 1:20 a.m. (eastern times) 
New GOP line blames White House for impending death of immigration push: 
Can JeffFlake bring down the house at  We'll find out ... 
So happy to recognize AnnCompton for Lifetime Achievement Award   - One of the good ones! 
Hot  news from HeardontheHill -- Donna Edwards engaged! 
Your  co-chairs jbendery amp; I thank you for coming tonight! Have fun, enjoy! 
Just a few hours before  - JeffFlake amp; repdonnaedwards set the scene w/ trash talk: 
It might be what you've been waiting for. If not, at least it'll be supremely funny. steveeegeee debuts: 
Pool report as Obama arrived back from Dems retreat: Leg Affairs Director Katie Fallon, Counselor John Podesta walked in w/ him 
Thanks for all your notes on my correction explainer. It's really important to be transparent. 
jaketapper Thank you -- really appreciate it. 
Moderating a Capitol Hill panel by Reps. Conyers amp; Wilson on employment  2. Livestream will be here: 
scoopercooper Trust important element w/ all parties -- I trusted him to begin with. But we can spend more time asking Qs in process. 
By the way, huge kudos to ljspbs as she heads to retirement. One of the good ones. 
Transparency is a crucial element of journalism. Here, I explain our Raul Labrador correction: 
Virginia political nerds, get ready. Bob Marshall may run for Frank Wolf's seat: 
About to talk about Senate Democrats and the president on Fox News. What do you think is party's biggest challenge? 
Sen. Inhofe is on the floor talking about climate change. 
Did you know DC's shadow Rep. can't use House gym? ha_nah_nah on DC Council hopeful Bennett-Fleming: 
So happy and excited for my friend LindaMooreDC, taking big role at TechNet. Congrats! 
RT rollcall: Sandra Fluke to Run for Congress in California 
Happy birthday to my friend and inspiration, joseiswriting! 
Intraparty Dem fight brewing for Energy amp; Commerce slot. Emma_Dumain breaks it down: 
Beckgale gets inside the OTHER backroom on Capitol Hill: lactation lounges. Moms, check it out: 
amp; King expects press amp; public will hold folks accountable who use indelicate language. No word on Grimm 
Steve King has a sad John Boehner hasn't apologized for his 'asshole' remark, via dnewhauser: 
Resident rollcall sports expert meredithshiner got senators' takes on Wildcats unionization effort: 
 Elements of our PeePBS NewsHour submission in WaPo contest remain in my new office. 
Did you know? 61 men named John have served in Congress in last 15 years. Name game, from WARojas: 
Oh, it's on. JeffFlake trash talks repdonnaedwards ahead of  1 week from tonight. 
Wishing kpolantz loads of luck as she leaves NewsHour for her new gig with American Lawyer Media. Glad we got you to DC. 
Regram of Rep. Michele Bachmann from very cool cahnemily project. Check it out! 
We did a lot of awesome stuff tonight. But members doing  is definitely my favorite: 
MrSamPritchard You were missed! We talked to members live at 
Okay, getting ready to interview members from Statuary Hall. Tune in at after the speech! 
CheriJacobus It's a madhouse! 
kirkhawkins :) Sweetest! 
My view for the night...watch live at Thanks to awesome super team! 
