text 
Nice dig up 
Welcome to the next six months of campaigning 
I just caught myself humming "homeward bound" from Simon and Garfunkel as I just read another tweet about "unbound" delegates. 
JoeTrippi stephenfhayes KarlRove everyone is right. Trump a tougher foe for Clinton but Cruz prob better nominee for downballot GOPers 
There was a time the Obama WH wasn't the most nimble political shop re: down ballot. Tonight, they had hand in both MDSEN and PASEN victors 
I believe tonight is the first time a presidential candidate named Clinton won a CT Prez primary. Bill lost in 92 and Hillary in 08 
Corrected grammar: anyone else get the feeling Trump is holding this long presser as a way to taunt Manafort? 
Anyone else get the feeling that Trump his holding his long presser tonight almost as a to taunt Manafort? 
You know where you learn the best words, from like the best schools. 
JT Cruz-ich, call your alliance office. It actually took work to do this poorly against Trump in MD. 
Victory28to32 I have a viewmaster. Can u send me a photo wheel? 
Actually. Congress has some power to force a change on blackouts 
It's so frustrating. As a digital sports product, is a trend setter. Fix this Commish! 
MLB blackout rules R absurd! Even if u have "At Bat" "Extra Innings" amp; season tickets, still can't watch Nats 2night on iPad from philly 
joe_kehoskie a delegate in DE is worth just as much as a delegate in MT. Stop Trump didn't even build a speed bump in these 5 states 
Once in Cleveland in July, we could end up looking back at tonight as the Most consequential Tuesday of the primary year for Trump. 
Tonight is turning into a clarifying night for the two frontrunners. Both Clinton and Trump have only gotten stronger in their primaries. 
I see what you did there 
Earlier a candidate speaks usually is an indication they know they will have a bad night 
Reminder: Dem amp; GOP parties are private orgs; can set own rules for how to choose nominees. Doesn't legally have to be (small d) democratic 
Sanders indicting the state parties in places like NY and PA and elsewhere that do NOT allow indies to vote in Dem primaries. 
Agree. It is he ONLY positive development for the stop Trump movement since Wis 
mab8663Panto you owed me a warning 
Important clarification. It's also the word I toss back at folks when they complain about our voting systems. 
One of Bill Clinton's late primary losses in '92 was to Jerry Brown in Connecticut. Don't be surprised if CT is one of the closer Dem races 
Dogfish doing well with college educated crowd. Yuengling winning working class 
Some great Jewish history is here in Philly too. Meet America's first Jewish Navy Commodore 
From Christ Church cemetery in Philly: one half of the famed Mason-Dixon duo is here 
Big thanks to the two Johns who gave kasie and I great tour of Christ Church cemetery. Here's BFranklin's epitaph! 
Come on by redowltavern tonight in heart of historical Philly. I'll be joined by many of your fav NBC/MSNBCers breaking down the primaries 
Something a little extra special to be covering a primary night from Philadelphia amp; the birthplace of our democracy 
Some more: Colony Tuesday (all five are original colonies). EZ Pass Tuesday (toll road madness) Nor'easter Tuesday 
True. Then again we are now in the process/insider portion of the campaign 
CourtneyMRogers every Tuesday is special! Somebody's voting somewhere! 
TimJHanrahan technically the THREE main stops aren't voting today. DC is June 14. NY and MA are done too 
BraddJaffy SlateGabfest so who is going to start the news feed that covers podcasts that I want to hear but don't have time for regularly 
Kudos to whoever named tonight "Acela Tuesday"; works well. 
AMJoesMoustache katiepack MichaelSteele media matters didn't seem to understand the conversation if that was their take away 
atlantatweeps lighten up. I didn't know I had my sense of humor surgically removed by you 
Don Mattingly hammers Barry Bonds' work ethic: "if you want to be a really good coach, you've got to do the work" 
Best potential way for Team Trump to maximize Bobby Knight's support: chair throwing contest in Bloomington, IN. Cc: rick_wiley 
Excellent clarification 
I guess I should label this tweet a "spoiler alert" but I can't believe we STILL don't know if Jon Snow is dead. 
That was a fascinating reveal. Shrum admitting Kerry was talked into it. I believe that person was Shrum, right? 
Is the anti-Trump movement still strong? Or has the GOP accepted the frontrunner? Ill talk with katiepack and MichaelSteele on  
Im joined by  panel NicolleDWallace jdbalart JoyAnnReid costareports to discuss the upcoming contests on Tuesday.  
Fmr. Sen. Bob Graham (D-FL) joins  to discuss strained U.S./Saudi relations and his call to declassify Congressional 9/11 report. 
Has the Republican Party reached the 5th stage of grief in Trumps candidacy: acceptance? Well discuss on  
In todays  why realDonaldTrumps magic number to win the GOP nomination may be a lot lower than 1,273.  
Tune into  for my interview with BernieSanders, in which we discussed voter turnout, income inequality, and Donald Trump. 
Bruce Springsteen opens Brooklyn show with Purple Rain. 
The U.K. Press corps just as obsessed over process on campaigns as the US press corps 
Important positive development for a group of 9yos celebrating a birthday with the Nats tonight 
May be obvious to some but it is a big deal for POTUS to say on record that Euro unity is "under strain" 
belmardays and because he was fighting the digital streaming revolution too, few millenials get how iconic he truly is. 
mslacat I only got in my car in the last hour. If I had known, I would've been listening on the app 
Not surprised by this, but the "80s on 8" channel on XM is doing an outstanding job paying tribute to Prince. Mix of stores and music. 
Closed primaries make pollsters happy. Easier to get right when you don't have to weigh indies. 
jpodhoretz MXTracy66 JayCostTWS Buckley wasn't event technically a GOPer, was he? 
citizengatsby they aren't the first campaign to realize they needed to move the goal posts 
Biggest winner in Washington tonight? Not any politician. But one Bryce Harper. 
Trump stayed on "rigged" message again. And kept his remarks short. The discipline is holding. The  folks are in DEEP trouble 
mkabba80 if you kept watching, you would have learned that answer. 
We're just minutes away from our first look at  exit polls. Join me at 5pET for MSNBC's special  coverage. 
Tune in for my exclusive interview with George Clooney, a HillaryClinton supporter, on money in politics.  
After the  who will win the New York primary in just 2 days? Our  panel looks at both HillaryClinton and BernieSanders. 
Will realDonaldTrump be able to get more than 50 of votes in the NY primary to sweep the 95 delegates? Well discuss on  this morning. 
NC Governor PatMcCroryNC joins me exclusively this morning to discuss his states so-called bathroom law.  
Im joined by hardball_chris kathleenparker hughhewitt perrybaconjr to discuss  just 2 days before the NY primary. 
Ill talk with both the DNC and RNC chairs DWStweets Reince this morning on party politics and the road to both conventions.  
About to do the "Dubyas" on  and it re started the debate internally about why "w" isn't "double V" 
I'm sure "sith" was supposed to be "with" but as a Star Wars fan, first wondered who on Wall Street was a Sith Lord 
Good explainer for why tax day was moved. 
What? I understand moving it when the 15th falls on a Sunday, but they did it because it falls on a Friday? 
Good to see over the top rhetoric isn't just coming from candidates for elective office but coaches too. Wow 
Are you a political junkie that loves wings? I am. Thats why we're doing  today at Buffalo's famous Anchor Bar on Main St. Stop by! 
ColinCowherd that was fun today. Thanks for the invite. Btw, if you really want to spin me up, ask me about the satellite camps! 
Yo TheFix, you should see about FOIA-ing those GOT screeners if you feel this strongly. 
akepps BuffaloBisons it is hard to turn down a wing offer 
One foreign policy expert finds a method of Trump's perceived foreign policy declarative madness. // good read 
Ex-PA Dem chair refers to Sestak, the current frontrunner for the PASEN Dem not a skunk and a cat. Can u be both? 
richardbranson joins the global fight to end the  He joins me to discuss that and  next on MSNBC.  
BernieSanders challenges HillaryClinton's "credibility" ahead of the  The Clinton campaign responds, next on MSNBC.  
You got it! 
Nothing Ryan says will completely shut this talk down but not saying anything wasn't turning down the spotlight 
After tedcruzs win in WI and delegate sweep in CO, can realDonaldTrump beat Cruz in NY? Well discuss on  this morning. 
Later in the show, Ill talk with glennbeck about the state of the Republican Party and the race for the GOP nomination.  
Ill talk with BernieSanders this morning about his win in Wyoming yesterday and the state of his campaign heading into New York.  
This morning, New York City Mayor BilldeBlasio joins me on  to talk about  as the race heads to his state. 
Tune into  this morning as our panel discusses the latest on  mattbai RichLowry joyannreid mollyesque 
Catch my exclusive interview with realDonaldTrumps Convention Manager Paul Manafort on the campaigns new strategy ahead of NY.  
As baseball season begins, KenBurns takes a fresh look at the life of Jackie Robinson. He joins me next on MSNBC.  
An explosive new scandal hits some of the wealthiest and most influential people in the world. We'll discuss  next.  
Kind of cool one if you are a numerologist... 4-8-16... everything doubles! 
TeamKasich with yet another ad that hits Cruz... No mention at all of the candidate LEADING the GOP 
thanks... hope you stop by this Sunday morning... Always appreciated 
Why does NY matter so much to Clinton and Sanders? Because CA could be EXTREMELY 
scottlara1961 thanks... the sun is shining... and my eyes are open... it's a good day 
This isn't the best way to stop rumors about your interest in running for POTUS at the GOP convo. 
SenatorCollins meets with  nominee Merrick Garland and urges her GOP colleagues to hold hearings. She joins me next on  
Battle lines are drawn as Mississippi OKs  bill. I'll talk with drmoore and LibertyLouise next on MSNBC.  
I was a guest on LateNightSeth last night -- here's a clip in case you missed it. 
Trump winning age in MI was 37. His losing age tonight in WI based on exits? 37 
Totally! Didn't know the wide shot was coming. 
AlanSKatz 56 Dems for multi ballot vp history. Kefauver I believe 
kentsmithNYT stay classy 
Does shrunken field matter? Consider, exits estimating Trump vote age at 37 in WI. Losing number tonight. Trump won 7 states w/37 or less 
Trump has had his problems in the traditional Big10 states: losses in IA, MN, WI and OH. Path to WH for the GOP has to go thru these states 
This isn't a full throated Cruz congrats. Guessing Graham won't be with Cruz for ballots 3 or 4 in Cleveland? 
Drama on the GOP side: Can Cruz sweep WI delegates. A double digit margin COULD ensure that. On Dem side: can Sanders net more than 10 
Yes, both primaries have been called in Wisconsin but this is only half the story. The delegate crunching is only just beginning for 2night 
She and the entire NBC campaign trail team. 
This morning Ill talk with GOP Chairman Reince on the WI GOP primary and realDonaldTrumps rough week.  
Wisconsin's primary could be one of the most influential, but it's not the first time.  looks back at Wisconsin primaries of years past. 
After realDonaldTrumps terrible, horrible, no good, very bad week, can he win the WI GOP primary? Well discuss on  this morning. 
Tune in for analysis on the WI GOP primary with our  panel this morning. amyewalter nytdavidbrooks CharlesBenson4 helenecooper 
Is a contested convention really a possibility? We'll discuss the latest with the panel.   
Later in the show, Ill interview RonJohnsonWI to discuss his Senate race and realDonaldTrump, just 2 days ahead of the WI GOP primary. 
Catch my interview with HillaryClinton on meetthepress, where we discuss debates, the FBI investigation and more. 
Dalmatio HillaryClinton I do and I did this morning 
More on the Russian "drawdown" in Syria: less than meets the eye. 
JHersheyFitness in fairness, I think every country has MORE than one person who should be kept away from power. 
When you know you are helping an advertiser but feel the April Fool's joke was funny enough to share anyway. 
Turkey's Trump? Erdogan is, shall we say, polarizing. 
Pretty cool to see GW win the NIT. It's bitter sweet though. This success is proof they belonged in the NCAA. 
With just 5 days to go until the Wisconsin primary, I'll look at how the GOP race is shaping up with SykesCharlie next on MSNBC.  
BobbyJindal is about to join me on MSNBC to discuss the latest developments in the realDonaldTrump campaign.  
So this could mean he plans to release his tax returns from 2002 thru 2008 
Is it just me or has the NBA grabbed the lead among leagues in the "most off court/field soap operas" tournament?   
MattMackowiak danpfeiffer and if you want to play a numbers game, MSNBC is very strong in the upcoming April states 
MattMackowiak danpfeiffer because these Comm folks know that MSNBC isn't what you are stereotyping it to be Dan 
It's truly remarkable: Trump was a uniter today. He made the impossible possible: he united pro life and pro choice activists. 
My conversation with johnkasich is on msnbc now. More exclusives to come this evening. 
And here I thought the New Republic emblem looked like this 
HillaryClinton takes aim at realDonaldTrump and BernieSanders. benensonj and Sanders campaign mgr. Jeff Weaver join me next.  
At the top of the hour on MSNBC, JohnKasich tells me what he thinks of realdonaldTrump's controversial abortion comments.  
While perfectly appropriate for a Speaker, this is also who some believe a GOP presidential candidate should do 
This hangs at St Helen School in Howard Beach where we are holding the Kasich town hall. WH candidates take note? 
For the record, we haven't ever had a "motorcycle people" cross tab in any of our NBC surveys. So no way for us to fact check Trump's claim 
I'm shell shocked by what I just saw. Can't imagine how actual UVA fans feel right now. This is one of those haunting collapses. 
Top of the show, Im joined by JohnKasich to discuss his campaign strategy as the GOP primary heads to the Midwest in ND and WI.  
Will the GOP head to a contested convention? Ben Ginsberg joins the  panel to take a look at the delegate math.  
As the GOP attacks get personal, HillaryClinton pivots to the general election. Our  takes a look at the state of both contests. 
BernieSanders joins  this morning to discuss his sweeping wins last night in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington state.  
In the wake of Tuesdays attacks in Brussels, Ill speak w/ nat'l security expert Michael Leiter, and NBCs RichardEngel KeirSimmons.  
Joining me this morning for analysis on  NBC's Girls on the Bus mitchellreports HallieJackson KatyTurNBC kwelkernbc  
Miami never got into a rhythm. That 'Nova bunch sure can shoot. Miami had no answers 
If there is a hell, there's no doubt that one would have to go through gate 35X at National Airport to get there 
This morning Ill talk with SenatorReid and SenateMajLdr on the  nominee showdown.  
Will  come down to a race between realDonaldTrump and HillaryClinton? Our  panel weighs in. 
With  in full swing, we'll share some brackets of our own: Trump-A-Tology.   
Big moment in U.S.-Cuba relations this week  POTUS makes a visit to Cuba. We'll look ahead with the  panel. 
Top of the show, Im joined by GOP strategists stuartpstevens and Steve Schmidt on the future of the GOP establishment.  
Joining me this morning for insight and analysis on  jdbalart JoyAnnReid mollyesque costareports  
I sat down with JohnKasich yesterday, who told me under no circumstances will he be VP. Tune in this morning for the full interview  
JaredSmithCNY He is the king of making the "why did you shoot that" shots 
Love being on the side of Angel!  
This "splash" trend is just silly...Noticed it's become contagious with studio folks and announcers. 
Marshss72 many of their games are like this: extremely STREAKY... frustrating to watch at times 
billburton one half to go... one game at a time 
That Miami first half is actually quite familiar this year; 10 mins of aggressive play to build lead and then a tad lazy in last 5  
POTUS tells NinaTotenberg why  was the best choice for  She joins me w/the inside scoop next on  
The GOP seems to be experiencing all five stages of grief simultaneously. bobbarr and Tom Davis join me next on MSNBC.  
Outside of Mid TN State alums, is there any fan base happier than UVA's right now? 
RothenbergMike um. Both your Cats and my Canes have uncomfortable first round games 
So no Arizona? Grrrrr 
What would it take to make a contested GOP convention a reality? I'll bring in AriMelber for that, next on MSNBC.  
SenatorCollins disagrees with SenateMajLdrs plan on   She joins me next on MSNBC.  
bluecanaan yeah, I didn't love doing that, but I'm so skeptical of that conf right now in hoops... 
samsteinhp it's more fun to get one upset like that right than winning the pool going chalk 
If Baylor plays Oregon, I think TVs around the country will spontaneously implode from the color-gasm 
samsteinhp Butler, UConn and Duke 
Still feels good to pick against them (they didn't cover, so I have some extra monopoly money at least) 
My own 11yo daughter, through three games (3 I happened to get wrong) is already trolling me.. since she got all 3 right.  
brucehallsports we all are today. 
Or maybe they did Irish fans a favor 
Not that's very Irish of you 
Might add the phrase "glassy eyes" 
Still time 
DRedwingsfan40 keep ending up with UNC. Too predictable 
We have eclipses and comets that we celebrate for their rareness. What should we call a day like today when NCAA day 1 coincides with StPats 
Does the GOP establishment still have a shot at stopping realDonaldTrump before the convention? I'll bring in the panel next.  
Will Senate GOP leaders consider POTUS'  PressSec and jiminhofe join me next on MSNBC.  
Mo Udall said it a tad more eloquently 
lrozen primary is next month. Tight Dem race actually between Toomey's 2010 for and a preferred Dem by state and Nat'l dem establishment 
...had McConnell not drawn the "no hearing" line they could have delayed this without looking so publicly obstructionist 
McConnell's hard line on SCOTUS puts GOP in rock and hard place. If he goes back on word now, base and Trump folks go berserk. But... 
What one GOP senator up for reelection in a blueish swing state is trying to argue 
Awkward part of the SCOTUS analysis but an interesting take nonetheless 
There's always an Iowa connection. Garland and Branstad are 2nd cousins 
"It isn't about the individual" or "it isn't about the nominee" is how a lot of GOP senator releases on Garland are beginning. 
POTUS made the perfect political pick for these times. Still doesn't mean Garland can get confirmed before November.  
Six years ago, Garland was described to me by senior WH folks as their SCOTUS pick for a GOP senate. 
Remember all those denials about becoming Speaker? 
There's an abandoned Japanese WWII soldier feel today to some conserves who keep talking about finding a new stop Trump candidate 
Just re read some pre March 15 spin from campaigns not named Trump and Clinton: these races are closer to over than some might want to admit 
AnitaFinlay MeLovesMLE gain ground with sanders voters. Wasn't as clear as it could have been. 
Now beat AZ, but don't give my Canes a hard time 
It's official: Lucy (Trump voters) yanked the football yet again from Charlie Brown (anti Trump activists) 
GlennKesslerWP ChasFlemming I simply block folks who make ridiculous nasty troll like attacks. Not worth wasting energy 
Trump's night continues to get better. Cruz's delegate strategy seemed like a good one two days ago, may not look so good tomorrow 
EyeOnFreedom calls subtle sarcasm. Apologies for folks who didn't get that with my tongue in cheek IL tweet 
Trump may be having a stronger night than anti Trump folks thought an hour ago. Could he go 4-1 and have a delegate lead over 250 or more? 
Looks like the Chicago incident really hurt Trump in Illinois. Once again, what GOPers thought would hurt him only makes him stronger? 
Classic Kasich. He is always off the cuff. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. 
Trump will not surpass 50 tonight in any state. He has only surpassed 45 in four states. He needs 50+ consistently to avoid convo fight 
Big deal if it holds. Would be huge setback for Cruz in particular 
She said what? 
Among GOPers in NC OH and MO, via combined exit data, Rubio voters would break 4-1 in favor of Cruz if the choice was just Trump v Cruz. 
Kasich would need 110 of remaining delegates to win nomination before convention.  But if "deny Trump" is goal then he stays 
A contested convention is more possible now: NBC calls OH for Kasich. Is this Trump's only loss tonight or does Cruz nab one or more? 
As mmurraypolitics points out: Clinton dominated the early vote in FL OH and NC. Proves campaign mechanics do matter. 
While the GOP doesn't have "SuperDelegates," the 200-300 "unbound delegates" on their side will have similar power to vote who they want 
Many of Rubio's delegates will be unbound, rules vary by state though. 
NBC officially calls OH for Clinton. She has her "victory" for the night now. She won the three swing states. FL, OH and NC. 
Concession speeches always reveal honest assessments of the electorate that make you wonder why the candidate didn't acknowledge it sooner 
Rubio with a better message in concession than he had in his campaign stump. 
feldmike traitor 
Check out the "winning states" maps for both Trump and Clinton. Where would each be without the South. Near clean sweeps for both. 
One word of caution on exits that are out: no 3rd wave data yet. Both Trump and Sanders have done better in the late waves. Working people 
Trump leads Kasich in OH among those without college degree, 46-35. Kasich leads among college plus 54-31. Overall electorate was even 
Rubio may garner less than 5 percent in Ohio. 
Bitter pill for Rubio? Maj of GOP voters tonight favor offering illegal immigrants legal status over deportation: 53-55 in all 5 states 
Rick Scott paved way for Trump in FL. Same attacks from GOP estab on Trump were leveled against Scott. He won twice 
Asked Dems in exits who would have best chance against Trump: Clinton topped Sanders in every state: 63 OH, 74 FL, 68 NC, 65 IL amp; 58 MO 
Among GOPers in 3 Nov swing states voting today, 41 in OH wd seriously consider 3rd party Cand in Trump v Clinton, 39 in NC and 30 in FL 
Late decider watch on Dem side: Sanders won them in OH, IL, NC and MO. Clinton won them in FL. 
Late decider watch: Cruz won them in NC, MO and IL. Kasich won them in OH and Trump won them in FL. 
tedcruz is hoping to narrow the GOP field to himself and realDonaldTrump. Ill discuss that with CarlyFiorina next on MSNBC.  
We're getting our first look at the early exit polling data in tonight's five primaries. SteveKornacki joins me next on MSNBC.  
In OH, the pro-Kasich/anti-Trump outspent Trump 2-1.  
In FL, the anti-Trump/pro-Rubio forces outspent Trump nearly 8-1 in FL. Yes, 8-1.  
A little live Facebooking in an hour 
"Separation Tuesday" 
MattMackowiak and Florida GOP primaries have mattered in both 12 and 08, so to have this increase, wow 
That's a recipe for a Trump victory 
pgrichards0407 senior guard play. One more round than you think is my advice. 
CMFoster23 we had Trump ahead among folks who told us they already voted though his lead was smaller among early voters 
Bingo 
Good question, many folks believe this rule gets eliminated in convo runup 
How do you know for sure? They are currently unknown actual individuals 
They become unbound. And wooable on a first ballot which is what non Trump candidates worry about. 
howe2cher I'm trying to still have a little fun on social media. But I'll admit, I have dialed it way back this campaign year 
howe2cher my apologies to Bill Murray, should have read "to quote the great Sgt Hulka" 
howe2cher not allowed a sense of humor? To quote Bill Murray, 
krf7 but the delegates haven't all been chosen. Suspended campaigns won't have sway over who is chosen 
inconvenient truth for Cruz amp; Kasich if they do well Tues amp;Rubio doesn't. They need Rubio to keep his delegates bound. that means staying in 
Rubio camp better hope polling is to the FL GOP race what it was to the MI Dem primary last week. 
anthonyelio7 come say hi. 
So what you're really saying is. 
Bennet saved The Atlantic and helped make it thrive in the 21st century, all while keeping to its mission. 
Interesting op-Ed from GA GOP Sen Perdue, elected in 2014. // a rationale for how he could end up supporting Trump? 
mortonie NateSilver538 ReubenFB rough but accurate. Just a nightmare of a bracket for Miami. But   
Look who's betting on Trump over Kasich in Ohio?  
That Karaoke "Pina Colada" as with Lee, Barkley and Jackson, made me laugh out loud in an airport terminal.  audience 
Wow, does Miami have a tough road to the Four. Arizona at 6, Villanova at 2 and Kansas at 1. Plus Buffalo is no slouch.  
koonjs01 I want to take that challenge.  
TheFix sorry. Spam 
MattMackowiak DanWolken but Barkley doesn't pretend to be an expert on college hoops. Honesty 
morningmoneyben I hear Georgetown will go a long way 
So your saying there's a chance.  
Let me make one home-ish case for GW hoops. Beat Big East champs (Seton), a 1 seed (UVA) and lost in A10 tourney to eventual champs  
The ball is tipped... 
Clever 
ForecasterEnten Redistrict that's a "buy buy buy" recommendation folks. 
Still can't get over just how good that UVA-UNC game was last night. Both teams impressed. Hope this is good omen for Miami too in tourney 
Icechoclate jeffjarvis realDonaldTrump it's not about me 
Just 2 days until winner-take-all primaries in Ohio and Florida. We have complete analysis on these decisive contests this morning on  
Well discuss the Democratic side ahead of Tuesday's contests. Can Clinton maintain her delegate lead or will Sanders continue his momentum? 
Can Rubio defeat Trump in his home state of FL? Is the GOP headed for a contested convention? Well answer these Qs amp; more.  
Joining me this morning for analysis ahead of Ohio and Florida contests are: DorisKGoodwin hughhewitt alexcast agearan  
This morning on  Ill sit down with tedcruz to discuss the tightening race between him and Trump and his strategy going forward. 
joel_fields looking forward to the start of the new season. 
ucfphillys MSNBC you'll miss it when it's gone 
Hundreds pay tribute to  in a touching farewell. A symbolic end to the Reagan era? That's next on MSNBC.  
Just 15 mins until  and our lead is the latest Trump rally which no one saw outside St Louis. Needless to say, A LOT of protesters 
The year started off so promising for GW hoops and then they hit a wall sometime in mid Jan and never recovered. Bummer  
Based on how his opponents performed last night, apparently they agree since they failed to take him on 
Preview of "The Americans" new season? 
jonfavs exit polls back up that fact. Look at his numbers among folks who decided more than a month ago 
Status quo=Trump win. I get why candidates individually took a pass on hitting Trump, but it was collective mistake 
Debates hurt Jeb. They've hurt Rubio. They helped Fiorina. One thing they've never done, is impact Trump good or bad. Expect same tonight 
Seems like all the candidates not named Kasich tonight noticed their personal ratings all took a hit due to previous debate scuffles 
And ericwinston you get to hang in a swing state during a Prez race. If you think politics is fascinating now... 
Clearly Kasich is writing off Florida! 
JohnTheAlrighty correct. Trump is not winning black voters, he wins in states (and counties) with higher proportions of an AfAm pop. 
Fascinating: Trump hasn't lost a state that has unemployment rate above 5 coupled with a black population over 8 
A March 8 delegate is worth just as much as a March 15 delegate 
If Rubio and Kasich don't win their home states and Cruz also gets shut out on 3/15, how do any of them have a claim 
We believe there is anywhere from 150-180k votes out just in 3 counties. Wayne, Macomb and Genesee. On paper, should be good for Clinton 
Everything breaking Trump's way tonight because none of his 4 foes can claim any momentum tonight. Sets him up well in 7 days. 
Michigan is going to be a nail biter. Outstanding vote favors Clinton, but will it be enough? May take until 90 percent counted to call it 
ManahawkinMikey dukemeiser not quite all. But a bigger chunk 
Tonight playing out about as well as Trump could ask. Flirting with 50 in MS. Neither Cruz nor Kasich w/ signif momentum and Rubio craters 
For anti-Trump GOPers, they must feel like Charlie Brown amp; the football. Every time they think they have momentum to stop him, voters vote 
Twitter is broken enough. 
Rubio may be fourth in both MI and MS. Delegate shutout. HI and ID better come through for him if he wants any mo in next 6 days 
NBC projecting Trump in MS now. Cruz second. Key is whether Trump can get to 50 percent. He has a shot. Helps his delegate math BIG time 
chrisfallica I hope to be there myself for at least one game! 
At some point, I may or may not watch some ESPN on my iPad as this is secretly the best college hoops week of the year. One and done. 
Fair point. 
And that's why voters may be drawn to Trump. The more the estab attacks? 
Dad humor 
Cruz is winning late deciders in MS but not by a huge margin. Trump was competitive with late deciders 
While nearly 60 of MS GOPers would be "satisfied" if either Trump or Cruz is nominee. 57 of MS GOPers would be "dissatisfied" w/Rubio 
By a 60-34 margin, MS GOPers want next POTUS to be outside estab. Cruz wins voters who want experience in next POTUS. Trump wins outsider 
Majority of MS GOP voters echo MI GOP voters on trade, 53 say trade "takes away US jobs" 
"Change" voters favor Trump in MS by 2-1 margin. "Values" voters favor Cruz in MS by an even bigger margin. 
Canary in the general election coal mine? Massive gender gap between Trump and Cruz in MS. Will compare to see if it is among largest 
If it's Tuesday, someone is voting somewhere. Some big somewhere's today. 4states, 4time zones, one place to go   in 1min 
What a great idea by mlb. 
Both McCain in 2000 and Santorum in 2012 benefited from Dem/indie crossovers 
Tonight's MI GOP primary is first one being held simultaneously with competitive Dem sitch since '92. That could mean a LOT fewer crossovers 
Never seen an attack ad like this? Then again, Trump is unlike any candidate; do supporters care about this tone? 
On  
Club for Growth going to endorse Sanders in Dem primary now?  
Tune in now to mitchellreports and her memories of the Reagan era are just remarkable. 
This morning, Im joined by KevinSpacey to talk about how the new House of Cards season mirrors todays politics. 
Is Romney open to running himself? His answer on meetthepress this morning will surprise you. See u in 7 mins 
And LindseyGrahamSC will join us later to discuss the GOP after calling his party crazy and poking fun at Cruz, Rubio, and Trump last week. 
Can Rubio, Cruz, or Kasich make it to a contested convention? Will Trump win Florida amp; Ohio? Tune in as we answer these Qs and more. 
Joining me this morning: nytdavidbrooks SHendersonFreep KellyO and Mary Matalin to analyze the state of the GOP and  
This morning, Ill sit down with MittRomney after his critical remarks on Trump and what his vision is for the Republican Party in 2016. 
MarkPotterNBC joefryer 41 years? Mark, did you start in TV when you were 10? 
RonBrownstein RickSantorum GovMikeHuckabee maggieNYT agree on KS, but Cruz winning ME isn't insignificant. Romney ME twice 
You may be right. 
If Trump loses Maine, he may want to blame the LePage for endorsing. Has any GOV endorsement (or anti nod like Iowa) won a state yet? 
Fun piece I just found. No elected dog catchers. Anymore. 
PaulBegala CitizenCohn if anywhere, I'd guess KY or LA, the two states that seem to put every Gov't office on the ballot 
All that this OJ news did was re confirm that the LAPD mishandled yet another aspect of this case. 
Breaking OJ news: a piece of evidence that would never be admissible in any court of law may or may not be connected to the crime 
jfudge I'm sorry you are choosing the wrong whiskey. KY bourbon is the better choice 
What stops Trump coverage in its tracks? OJ of course. 
Rubio says he will support someone he is currently calling a "con artist". Sorta undercuts the attack, no? 
Was "etc etc" really just an answer? 
Come on people now, smile on your brother, everybody get together... John Kasich or The Youngbloods 
Trump is testing the limits of the durability of his coalition, because this is not a steady performance tonight 
Kasich with the best defense of insider experience that I've heard at a debate. Don't know if it works, but it was sharp 
Let's move to the economy and then ask a question about an insult. That's how NOT to create a debate on the economy. 
This is the shallowest start to any debate I can think of in some time. 
The question was about the low road insults and then it gets more low? Will we ever hit bottom? 
Sounds like a crowd you'd hear at the Roman Coliseum.  
BillBowe the process is so destructive. Money. Partisans who pretend untrue oppo is new media journalism. Polarization. Etc 
ScottBaio yet another Happy Days alum who is a political junkie. hwinkler4real is one too I believe. Great debates on set? 
stuartpstevens wait. Didn't he get a convention slot that got washed out by hurricane prep? 
Many reporters have been hearing from this guy for years. Can't believe he is now an elected party official. Wow 
AsaHutchinson, a supporter of marcorubio, joins me next on MSNBC to discuss the Florida senator's potential path to victory.  
There are plenty of delegates up for grabs before the big contests on March 15. I'll look at the road ahead, next on MSNBC.  
Romney says Trump is a "fraud" Rubio calls him a "con artist"; not sure how these folks ever walk back these comments. how does party unify 
 takes up what could be the most significant abortion case in two decades. PeteWilliamsNBC AHoweBlogger join me next on  
Interesting stat from SmartPolitics: Cruz win weakest favorite son/daughter GOP Prez primary win ever. 
Just accidentally bought and ate soy jerky. Will I survive? How do they make it fake chewy? Answers I don't want? 
There will be on KS caucus site in St Louis, MO on Sat? Why? College basketball of course. 
Roker!!!!!!!! 
JustJillBurke an optical illusion. Actually, I live by Warren Zevon's mantra, "I'll sleep when I'm dead" 
If this were any other GOPer racking up wins and driving up turnout, the leaders of the GOP would be falling all over themselves to back him 
Three hours of sleep or a quick lean pocket? I'm choosing the food. Will let u know on TODAYshow if I made the right call 
Simple? Doesn't this smack of insiders ganging up on Trump? Alienates his people 
Four hours and 51 mins now 
Cruz and Rubio camps are no longer pretending they can win this nomination before Cleveland. Both camps pushing convention scenarios. 
According to number crunching by LACaldwellDC there has been record GOP turnout in every state so far except VT. 
So far, Rubio hasn't made threshold anywhere in TX. Chance he could get skunked in TX. But not done calculating by CD just yet 
If Kasich comes up short in VT, he's now in unenviable position of being winless. Estab pressure will increase on Kasich. He cost Rubio VA 
Rubio got a desperately needed win in MN, being winless was an ugly talking point, that's now gone. 
In the 9 primary states, Trump has 7 wins or leads, Cruz has 2 wins and Rubio shut out. Cruz and Rubio each have 3 2nd place finishes 
The OK GOP primary was closed. No indies or Dems could vote, tailored made for Cruz. 
Hard to see how Cruz doesn't nab the second place delegate slot after tonight is all said and done. Tough night for Rubio. Needs MN badly 
Trump's margin over Rubio in VA is about 30k. Kasich has just under 70k votes. 
Final waves have more working class voters and like Santorum in 2012, Trump voters vote late 
Less than 90 mins to the start of NBC News' Super Tuesday special. Already a fascinating night. See u then 
Top two GOP wants for next Prez have been "bring needed change" amp; "shares my values". Trump dominates change, Cruz narrowly leads values 
And remember, in VA, the last precincts to report are always in NoVA, which tonight means a late Rubio surge as the count gets closer to end 
VA GOP electorate looks a lot different than just about every other southern state tonight. Explains why Rubio is close 
NBC calls GA for Trump and Clinton. VT for Sanders and VA for Clinton. VA GOP is too close to call. VT GOP side is too early to call 
Most informed strategic electorate in the country is in NoVA 
As realDonaldTrump marches closer to the nomination, the war of words with the GOP establishment grows louder. Thats next on MSNBC. 
We are about to get our first look at the  exit polls. Who came out to vote and how they made their decisions, next on MSNBC. 
Special  coverage starts in 6 mins.  
Our special Super Tuesday prime time coverage begins in 6 mins, I'll have the first look at what the exit polls tell us about who is voting 
Scott Walker endorses Ryan's chastising of Trump today 
About to chat via Facebook Live Qamp;A. // it means less typing, more talking I think. 
New Kasich SuperPAC TV ad airing in OH (a 3/15 state). 
I believe ex-Sen Norm Coleman also went here 
Fair point. NYT had a rep for years for REFUSING off the record interviews 
EricTrump defends realDonaldTrump ahead of  I'll ask him about his father's expectations, next on MSNBC.  
SenSasse declares he won't be voting for realDonaldTrump if he becomes the GOP nominee. He joins me to explain, next on MSNBC.  
But if they can't stop him by March 15, then they can't stop him within the GOP, talk will get more serious about third party. See Sasse 
Slew of weekend Trump controversy buys GOP another two weeks to stop him. Can write off tmro by saying more time needed for it to sink in 
realDonaldTrump joins me to discuss his recent endorsement from GovChristie and his strategy ahead of Super Tuesday.  
Ill talk with tedcruz about the GOP race and what hes doing to beat realDonaldTrump this Tuesday.  
Today on  well look at the state of the GOP and what the path to nomination looks like for Sanders after Clintons big win in SC. 
This morning, I'm joined by mitchellreports CharlieCookDC hmcghee EWErickson on  for insight and analysis on  
Christie's national finance co-chair calls on Christie donors to reject Trump 
After Clinton's sweeping victory in SC, Ill sit down with BernieSanders to discuss his strategy heading into Super Tuesday.  
Tune into  this morning for interviews with realDonaldTrump tedcruz BernieSanders as we discuss the race ahead of Super Tuesday. 
Miami UNC and UVA have all beaten each other this week. ACC is a meat grinder, should make them all tougher for tourney. 
What's better for Miami hoops: a UNC win or a UVA win tonight? Just want Miami on the 2 line for the tourney 
Haunsie not a dig. Just a fact 
If Clinton replicates SC numbers on Super Tuesday, it's close to game/set/match for Dem nod. Only hurdle left is out of her control: the FBI 
Updated SC exits w/final interviews give Clinton even BIGGER lead among AfAm vote (87-13) and she now LEADS among white Dems (53-47). Wow 
And now Clinton starts the pivot toward Trump with what makes America great riff... A week ago, Clinton camp was rife w/staff shakeup rumors 
"Especially for young people!" There's the beginning of Clinton trying to woo Sanders supporters w/o attacking Bernie (anymore?) 
The white Dem vote strength for Sanders should help him in MN, OK, CO and MA. Campaign may regret not targeting TN and VA more 
Sanders did better among SC white Dems than I thought. Basically he did just about as well with SC white Dems as he did w/NH white Dems 
Clinton now has new challenge if Super Tuesday looks like tonight: beating Sanders without alienating his supporters. 
Not a surprise that Clinton would win SC but her overwhelming lead among African Americans is just astonishing. 84-16. That's Obama-esque 
dvnix ha ha. I have an internal word I use for obvious stories. "OLDs" 
Special primary edition of the NBCNightlyNews coming up in 2 mins for many in the East and Midwest. See u on air 
This is NOT a Sanders Dem electorate via exits: SC is older, less white, less liberal and more pro-Obama than IA, NH or NV. 
Both Trump and Clinton to be in FL for Super Tuesday when they give their election night speeches. Trump in Palm Beach and Clinton in Miami 
Chances that every elected GOPer mentioned in this piece does at least one rally with a nominee Trump? gt;75 
Quite the piece. Amazing LePage anecdotes. From stoking an anti-Trump campaign to full endorser in about 10 days! 
Next I'll look at how realdonaldtrump built his brand as our "Making of a Candidate" series continues on MSNBC.  
Fmr tedcruz spokesman rickwtyler speaks out for first time since his departure from the campaign, He joins me next on MSNBC.  
You will NOT want to miss the very TOP of  let alone the entire hour. But trust me about the start. See u on  in 5 mins 
This Christie endorsement could be as important to Trump both on timing and symbolism (estab cred) as Teddy's endorsement was of Obama in 08 
Trump campaign acting like a front running juggernaut. Having the Christie endorsement ready the day after the Rubio attack is pretty smart 
He's right about this. We don't know how last night plays just yet 
As Team Rubio trolls Trump on Twitter today, can't help but think Rubio has concluded, to BEAT Trump, you sorta have to BE Trump 
Rubio is calling Trump a "con artist" this morning. What happens if Rubio has to some day support nominee Trump? 
Meanwhile, while Rubio campaign does positive spots, the Rubio SuperPAC is all in against Trump. 
Haven't seen many state-specific spots like this so far, AR Gov. Hutchinson straight to camera for Rubio. 
This Trump post debate interview belongs on USA on Monday nights. That's WWE night right? 
Rubio gave the aggressive performance against Trump that everyone was calling on him to do. Will it work? 
Kasich's best moment of the night, calling for presidential leadership in Apple dispute 
This debate has gone off the rails 
If that doesn't motivate Adelson to jump on the Rubio bandwagon, then nothing will. 
This is a gutsy position for Trump. Re: Israeli-Palestinian issue 
Trump just keeps digging on this audit business. Feels like a massive unforced error. Then again, this is Teflon Don 
Trump's audit defense on the tax returns is not good at all. And Cruz and Rubio have both pounced 
Cruz did a pretty good job of making an electability case against Trump, but Trump's rebuttal was strong 
Trump got exposed for not having a detailed health care replacement plan. But does that matter to his voters? 
Rubio is actively trying to get under Trump's skin and it appears to be working. 
Appreciate the headline change. The poster still missed the point. I argued the media has been vetting 
VodkaPundit as usual newsbusters invented a quote I never said. I argued the media has been getting him. The party has NOT was my point 
DTeambanning NickFondacaro shocked that newsbusters would mislead! 
DTeambanning NickFondacaro bizarre conclusion they came to. I never said that. I said the we have vetted him. The party has not. 
In his defense, Q is frequently an outlier in FL. But couldn't have picked a worse day for Rubio to have this out 
Are they the only Republicans who wouldn't be afraid of taking on Trump 
2020 presidential watch 
Next on MSNBC, I'll talk to RepChrisCollins. the very first member of Congress who says he's backing realDonaldTrump.  
WizardOfOsrin MTPDailyTweets no relation. But you aren't first to ask BradOnMessage 
BernieSanders heads to  states, saying he's not "writing off"  I'll check in w/ both Dem campaigns next.  
A scary piece on (our lack of) privacy on a number of levels. 
Great RTDSchapiro piece setting up Virginia on Super Tuesday. 
Whats next in a growing GOP movement to stop realDonaldTrump's run to the nomination? SenMikeLee joins me next on MSNBC.  
Is realDonaldTrump unstoppable if he extends his winning streak in  I'll look at the possible scenarios at 5pET on  
Check out the first quote from Trump the NYT decides to use in their piece on Trump and NYC. Hint: garage 
Point is that Bennet's pre buttal is a reminder that what POTUS is proposing has a VERY slim chance at best at getting through Congress 
POTUS hasn't made his GITMO plan public and CO Dem Sen Bennet is already out with statement opposing any detainees being sent to CO 
stuartpstevens elianayjohnson point is, this may sound good on paper for 1952 but this is 2016 and games like this won't work 
stuartpstevens elianayjohnson you want to play into the insider v outsider messaging for trump, have the establishment openly cut a deal 
jonfavs nickconfessore the media has provided more information about him than rival campaigns. POS and NEG. rivals done squat about trump 
ConsultReid everything is an hour or two earlier at night and an hour later in the morning 
ConsultReid central and mountain time zone is the most restful. 
Don't know if this Rubio attack works, but "Temperament" is likely a better attack on Trump than ideology. 
JoleneAL don't just listen to one POV media outlet. Because if you spent anytime watching my programs you would know that isn't what I do 
LeeCEldridge richgalen ron_fournier matthewjdowd disagree. Lots of straight reporting. But folks like to focus on what angers them 
Shoopdj I'm not trying to get people to like me. I'm not running for anything. 
richgalen ron_fournier LeeCEldridge matthewjdowd never has there been more news product to sample 
ron_fournier LeeCEldridge matthewjdowd btw. All journalists are born with original bias. Where u grow up is a bias. Where u live. Etc 
nathanlgonzales hughhewitt you left out the "expires drivers license" part 
PatrickRuffini this bodes well for him on March 1 
There's no easier punching bag than the media, but those that simply knee-jerk blame are being intellectually lazy. 
VigothePainting MaxBoot ignore or cover. Both are fraught with peril 
MaxBoot HotlineJosh the media didn't create his consituency 
conncarroll he's the frontrunner for one of the two major party nominations. The GOP leadership needs to look in the mirror first 
MaxBoot HotlineJosh to simply attempt to blame this on the media is naive. 
EnLitendJourney that's my fear 
The campaign rhetoric needs to be ratcheted back. This is outrageous and dangerous behavior 
tdappel Buffalo 
Ill talk with BernieSanders this morning about his loss in Nevada yesterday and his campaign strategy heading into Super Tuesday. 
Top of the show, Ill talk with GOP front runner realDonaldTrump about his win in South Carolina. 
Wishing all primaries were on a Saturday, makes for an even better meetthepress Big lineup ahead: Trump, Rubio, Cruz and Sanders 
marcorubio joins me this morning to discuss his narrow second-place win over Ted Cruz, and whats next for his campaign. 
Tune into  for a complete look at last nights results in SC and NV, and what it will mean for both Dems/GOP on Super Tuesday. 
This morning, Im joined by JoyAnnReid hughhewitt RalstonReports amyewalter for insight on the results from both GOP and Dem contests. 
Weve got a packed show today after last nights SC/NV contests! Tune in for interviews with 4 candidates on  
Trump said in his victory speech that he wants to wrap this up soon. Has two early chances: beat Cruz in Tx on 3/1, beat Rubio in FL on 3/15 
Have the voters in 2016 have overturned Citizens United on their own? SuperPacs are overrated. Still can be helpful, but not a replacement 
Just like Trump followed Jeb in announcing, Trump now follows Jeb dropout speech with his own victory speech. 
Rubio got his golden ticket tonight: a slew of Jeb donors who now are free to join. But is it in time? 
The underwritten story of the night: the end of the Bush dynasty. 
AnnCoulter see the next tweet I sent. Pope got him back on message 
Carson is a Cruz spoiler and Jeb/Kasich are Rubio spoilers (Kasich folks would say Rubio is their spoiler) 
JonahNRO meetthepress perhaps a new litmus. Voters should know, highest scorer should be kicked off the stage. 
JonahNRO meetthepress which candidate would score the highest on that weird "test"? 
Shakeup Saturday makes way for "Clarity Sunday". Lead guests so far for meetthepress Trump and Sanders. More to come 
Character traits tell the story for the next month: Trump won change voters, Cruz won values voters and Rubio won electability voters 
Trump's win is consistent enough across the state that he could even more delegates than folks projected 
History may show that Trump spat with Pope on immigration may have helped get the frontrunner back on his most powerful message. 
Trump won this week despite coming out for health care mandate, defending planned parenthood, blaming Bush for 9/11, standing by impeachment 
Trump is putting together the same ideological coalition that Romney and McCain did in 08 and 12, winning "somewhat conservs" and mods 
SC has gotten the nominee right every year since 1980 sans one: 2012. Gingrich won SC but lost to Romney 
NBC News call: Trump in SC. 
And "somewhat conservs" outnumber everyone. Somewhats and moderates account for 60 percent of SC electorate 
Cruz winning among "very conservative" voters by double digits. But Trump winning "somewhat conserve" and moderates by high single digits 
SassyGabe it may have been unintentional but it could have been Freudian 
Sanders: his last line is about being "on to Super Tuesday" Translation: SC doesn't matter 
samhwils "exit" not "entrance". The caucus polls are "entrance" and less accurate 
GregMitch they are a rare chance to speak to millions of folks at one time thanks to saturation coverage 
DuBoisTom multi candidate field 
First time in three contests where Clinton genuinely seems like she won something. Iowa was a win but she didn't speak like one then 
Team Sanders may be feeling burned by Harry Reid helping Clinton at end. When you run against estab eventually estab works against you. 
Today could be known as "sigh of relief Saturday" for Clinton. 
It's official: Clinton wins Nevada. Bigger deal in the long run for her. Pressure turns to Sanders. Where can he start winning 
Those casino caucus sites are approx 1 of the entire electorate, just FYI 
Clinton is up 9 in Clark and there's still a decent chunk of Clark County out, the single most important county in NV 
Everything still close but based on what's in and what's not in, you'd rather be Clinton than Sanders right now based solely on Clark county 
cherry_bethea not until later 
BeverleeHughes3 I hope you are asking out of the goodness of your heart and not as a twitter troll! 
gordonmiami that was HIGHLY disappointing...I expected a better effort... 
Entrance polls are NOT as accurate as exit polls due to how things change in the caucus itself, so extra grain of salt 
Huge development if entrance poll is accurate in NV: Sanders is winning Hispanics 54-43... would be nightmare result for Brooklyn 
Clinton doing better with white voters than NH and Bernie doing surprisingly well with non-white voters. NV will be ThiCsLose 
RalstonReports ForecasterEnten what is a Nevada accent. No one is originally from there 
MarcACaputo Sharpe222 EliStokols I always thought you were in the tank for Gilmore. 
On the eve of "Shakeup Saturday," will be assessing on NBCNightlyNews who has most on the line tomorrow in NV and SC. 
jpbird the super delegates matter until they don't. Meaning, if Sanders ever truly takes the lead, her lead with Supers will evaporate 
Next on MSNBC, reps from the Trump, Cruz and Rubio campaigns join me - all at the same time - to make their cases for   
HillaryClinton and BernieSanders make final arguments before Sat's  I'll check in with both camps next on MSNBC.  
One downside of having Morgan Freeman narrateTV ad for you; can never go back. All other ads w/o Freeman disappoint 
AlanIAbramowitz politicalwire careful. You appear to be rooting for us to be an outlier. Try waiting before judging. 
AlanIAbramowitz can't call us an outlier yet since no other poll is out totally post GOP debate. 
Johnnyyumaaz averages are less reliable today because there is a lot of bad polls included now. 
brettjtalley of course we could be an outlier. We also are only poll conducted completely post GOP debate. 
JaySlacks I think they help. And we use very reputable pollsters. But automatic trashing of a poll before knowing if it is right is ridic 
It amazes me how sure some folks are that one poll is wrong and another is right. You don't know, period. We will find out soon enough. 
BradOnMessage POLITICO_Steve nothing accelerated the collective skepticism on polling than the advent of the robo polls 
Good news for political viewers, when we tell you something starts at 9p, we mean it. We don't try to fool viewers w/fake times. See u soon 
jdbalart and I will be moderating tonight's  live from KMAEventCenter at 9pET on MSNBC.  
That's about as close as POTUS will come to endorsing Clinton without actually doing it....yet 
GEENADOTBIZ you don't watch. Careful making snap judgments based on what others want you to believe. 
JohnKasich joins me to talk about his surprising second-place finish in NH and if he can keep up the momentum in SC. 
Ill talk with marcorubio this morning about his disappointing loss in NH, and if last nights debate performance will help him in SC. 
This morning, Ill talk with realDonaldTrump about his big win in New Hampshire, and strategy heading into South Carolina. 
Top of the show, petewilliamsNBC joins me to discuss what Justice Scalias death means for the 2016 presidential race. 
Joining me this morning: ron_fournier gwenifill kathleenparker thefix. Well discuss last nights debate and who came out on top. 
Who won last nights heated debate? Will it chance the dynamic heading into the SC primary? Tune in as we answer these Qs and more.  
Weve got 3 GOP candidates on the show today, following last nights fiery debate. Tune in.  
Rubio amp;Bush had good nights, Cruz missing for a while' did better in second half. Kasich may be GOPer for those who don't vote in primaries 
Don't think that hasn't crossed my mind! 
This is Trump's debate in tht every major exchange sans one included him. But unless SC has changed, I think he hurt himself tonight. 
The only Bush who has held office that Trump hasn't attacked yet, I think, is Prescott Bush 
Myself and mmurraypolitics 
rickhasen thunderdome 
Trump is testing limits of whether he can ever grow his support enough to be the conservative party's nominee 
amyewalter if you say his name three times, he turns into michael Keaton 
Where's Ted Cruz? This debate is about Bush and Trump right now. Rubio has talked a lot but hasn't yet engaged Bush or Cruz 
Scalia hasn't been dead for more than a day and everyone is already in their political fight stances. Washington may grind to complete stop 
If we wait for the next POTUS to appoint a new justice, the SCOTUS will likely be stuck at 8 until Oct 2017 term starts. 
Big day in the Todd household. The boy and I rip open our first toppscards of the 2016 baseball season. 
Sanders camp sent these links to their nat'l press list. Sanders endorsing Jackson '88. and 
Sanders ties himself to MLK in this new spot airing in SC. 
RedmondF in the 30s -- that should get him within single digits overall 
jbradleynelson what if I told you I used a mustard based ink sauce to do the math? 
In the last NBC/WSJ/Marist SC poll, Clinton led Sanders among blacks 74-17... he has a lot of work to do. 
Will have a lot more on the math to focus on in both races on tomorrow's meetthepress 
A little back of the envelope math for SC Dem primary: if Sanders wins 61 of white vote (as he did in NH) he needs 43 of black vote to win 
Just asking: if Gilmore had actually fulfilled his promise to get rid of the car tax, would the va-based Beltway media given him more attn? 
A look at how JebBush's break from politics shapes his White House run, next on "Making of a Candidate."  
The HillaryClinton campaign appears to have settled on a new strategy. ninaturner and brianefallon join me next on MSNBC.  
After reading this, it seems clear to me the IRS shouldn't be put in this position. Camp fin system's a MESS 
Got a Facebook Qamp;A set to go, starting at 3pE... see you there. 
Doesn't a decision like this by the DNC, while practical financially, only play into Bernie's messaging? 
DrJarryd Kasie Astrid_NV there will be a decent amount of SC polling. NV is not worth polling; too convoluted. 
RuthWhiteDavis HillaryClinton we did his time as Burlington mayor two weeks ago. 
Next on our special series "Making of a Candidate" I'll look at HillaryClinton's time in the Senate.  
BernieSanders' landslide win in  doesn't add up to a clear victory. I'll take up  next on MSNBC.  
Guess Cruz campaign doesn't QUITE yet view SC as a 2-person race? Clever hit on Rubio. 
Clinton got 17K fewer votes last night against 1 Dem than she did against 2 Dems in 08. and 
Is there still room for a GOP establishment alternative to realDonaldTrump and tedcruz? I'll bring in the panel next on MSNBC.  
NEXT: Can realDonaldTrump keep the momentum as he heads South? Will evangelicals in South Carolina revive TedCruzs campaign?  
VirginiaYank only when you factor in super delegates who are not bound and can switch at any time 
The three biggest spenders in NH will likely finish 4th (Bush), 5th (Rubio) and 6th (Christie)  but  
Fun to watch political groups on left gloat about Trump win amp; political groups on right gloat about Sanders in press releases  
NBC News projects Kasich will finish second to Trump. 
The only income level Clinton won? Dems who make $200k or more. Sanders won all over income levels below that. 
Among regis Dems, Clinton and Sanders were dead even at 50. Sanders won indies 72-27. 
Clinton beat Sanders among voters who care about experience or electability, but only 39 picked either attribute 
Among the biggest red flags in the Dem exits for a Clinton: Sanders clobbered her among "honest/trust" voters and "cares about me" folks 
Between the age gap in the Dem exit poll and the issue matrix of important issues, this exit poll electorate looks like a Sanders electorate 
More late deciders on the GOP side than on the Dem side, good news for Sanders and Kasich 
stuntbrain edhenry no. He quickly stepped back to avoid walking into a camera shot. In person, it was not a stumble 
Joining me this morning: hardball_chris mitchellreports HallieJackson hughhewitt. Well discuss tightening GOP race before NH primary. 
Tune into  for my interview with realDonaldTrump as we discuss the tightening GOP race between him, Cruz, and Rubio. 
I talked with BernieSanders last night about his neck-in-neck race with Clinton, and what it will mean for him in New Hampshire 
We're live from New Hampshire this morning and weve got 3 candidates on the show today. Tune in.  
This morning, Ill talk with HillaryClinton live on  about her historically close win in Iowa and what it means for her in NH. 
Tune in for back-to-back interviews with HillaryClinton and BernieSanders, as the two battle it out for Democratic nomination. 
Just 2 days ahead of the NH primary and weve got 3 candidates on the show: HillaryClinton BernieSanders realDonaldTrump  
Who won Thursdays Dem debate? Will Rubio have a strong showing again in New Hampshire? Tune in as we discuss these Qs and more. 
What makes Rubio's performance even more perplexing, he seemed unprepared for the attacks even though it was telegraphed all week 
Christie, Kasich and Bush are all having their best debate performances tonight. Is it too little too late or just in time 
If an alien came down and simply watched this debate, they'd never believe that Trump, Rubio and Cruz were the top three in the polls 
Joe_Baggadonuts helps crate a noise cancellation atmosphere in a loud setting, like a live event with an audience 
Christie right now, using Rubio's "Obama knows what he's doing" line, on the VA, was sharp. Still don't get the initial Rubio line anyway 
"As The New York Times said" is usually a phrase you avoid in a Republican debate 
joelengel take a shot. That's fine, but at least quote me correctly. 
That was a tough first hour for Rubio. Christie was brutal against him. So far, that's the story. 
That was Christie's best anti-Rubio hit of the night. Tad more nuanced and yet just as tough. Re: immigration 
This debate is a bit herky jerky. Starts in on some interesting topics but then abruptly changes course. 
Don't know if Christie was helped with Rubio take down, but clearly Rubio was hurt during that exchange. 
Every candidate on that stage loving what Christie is doing to Rubio but there's a line between attacking and bullying. 
Christie is doing exactly what Bush, Trump, Cruz, and Kasich all want him to do to Rubio. 
The Biden quip was a tad odd. 
When your explaining.... Cruz is spending way too much time trying to rationalize what happened in Iowa. 
Carson doesn't duck the critique he has been making of Cruz all week 
Cruz ducks chance to take on Trump. And Trump notices. 
MurrayKentucky NBCNews my current favorite long sleeve tee. Never can have enough long sleeve tee shirts in winter 
schuckster I've seen him. That doughy boy of 20 is a distant memory 
Next on our special series "Making of a Candidate" I'll look at JohnKasich's time as House Budget Chair.  
Can't miss a second of  in NH. Both Hillary Clinton and Ben Carson with live interviews. Deep dives, new polls. Fresh analysis 
So what really happened in Iowa? RealBenCarson joins me here in Manchester, New Hampshire, next on MSNBC.  
WhitlockJason DanWetzel imagine what social media would have done to my beloved Miami Hurricanes. It was offensive then and it is now 
Any day that Miami beats the Domers is a good day in my book! 
Just 24 hours from now: the first one on one debate of this primary season. Clinton-Sanders.  Thursday at 9pE. See u then 
RealBenCarson won't say tedcruz won IA honestly. Carson goes on  demanding accountability. 
The record ChrisChristie prefers to run on. An  deep dive into Christie's time as USAtty. 
CarlyFiorina on  says because she won a delegate in IA, she should be on the NH debate stage. 
"Some of my best friends are moderates"? Your Clinton-Sanders debate preview on  
Next on  from Manchester, NH, mattkatz00 joins me to examine ChrisChristie's time as a U.S. Attorney. 
realDonaldTrump says he'll "probably" sue over tedcruz's alleged total voter fraud in Iowa. We'll get into that next on  
Get ready for a special edition of  live from JDs Tavern in Manchester. Come on down and say hi if you want. Showtime in 38 mins 
HickmanPolls Jewish roots! 
sissenberg hunterw StefanRingel you don't count john Kerry? 
edatpost he will get one delegate. 
The three campaigns whose results lived up to their spin even in the face of media skepticism: Cruz Rubio and Sanders. 
Top Sanders grps: 17-29yo (84) "Honestamp;trustworthy" (83) "more liberal policies (76) income inequality (61) 1st time attendee (59) 
Key Clinton grps: "Can win in Nov" (77) 65+ (69) "Cont Obama policies" (68) Terrorism top issue (65) Previous attendee (59) Mod (58) 
JoeLenski ElectProject an error in Sanders favor? 
Sanders may have made the mistake Santorum made in 2012, not seizing the mic sooner to declare "success". Getting very late in the east 
A "big sigh of relief" style of thank you to Iowa still means she stopped short of fully declaring victory 
Clinton has been careful not to actually declare victory 
Key groups won by Trump: 1st time caucus (31) Immigration  issue (45) "Tells it like it is" (67) Decided before the last month (40) 
Key groups won by Rubio: college grads (27) most worried about jobs (30) can win in November (43) Decided in the last few days (29) 
Key groups won by Cruz: Previous attendees (31) Very conserv (43) Evangelical (33) Terrorism top worry (33) "Shares my values" (37) 
Wonder why Cruz is waiting so long to declare victory? Missed the east coast local news window (see NH and SC) 
Wouldn't be surprised if there was a flood of endorsements for Rubio in the next week. 
This may be the closest IA Dem caucus result since 1988 when to this day, Simon campaign vets believe they were robbed by Gephardt. 
There is nothing in our models that backs up the Clinton campaign confidence that they won. They still might. But it is thiCsLose 
Trump didn't say a negative thing about a single GOPer tonight. Notable 
Iowa was must win for Cruz. NH is now must win for Trump. 
Trump plans to take the stage after Rubio finishes. Big test for him. How does he handle losing. 
Still, that's a lot of money Team Bush spent for what could be just one delegate in Iowa. 
Our initial delegate allocation estimates for GOP indicate that even Bush might get one delegate based on IA allocation system. 
Rubio campaign very savvy to claim the first "victory" speech slot of the night 
How a candidate handles a concession speech on a night like this will tell us about their staying power. 
Clinton source gloating: Sanders got turnout he needed and yet they believe she won. Too close for us to call just yet. 
Official. NBC has called it for Cruz. 
We have 97 of GOP vote in. Cruz up 28-24 over Trump. But Rubio is just 2200 votes behind Trump and is at 23 
Only drama left on GOP side is whether Rubio catches Trump for second. Now that's a surprise. 
StuPolitics hopefully folks will realize. That they need 40 pound bags of salt with their results 
On the Dem side, best news Clinton got was that Q poll showing Sanders ahead because if she wins then she survived. Win is a win 
If this holds on GOP side, then Cruz shows he could take a punch. Rubio has the spark he needed and Trump now faces a must win in NH 
My pollster pals will love this nugget: Cruz winning "very conservatives" Rubio winning "somewhat conservatives" Trump winning "moderates" 
Rubio and Sanders won the late deciders according to entrance polls 
Updated entrance poll indicates GOP electorate has gotten slightly more conservative. Good news for Cruz 
Jamesthesnake the "very conservative" number is down 10 points from 2012 
Sanders wants a more liberal electorate and Trump needs a less conservative electorate. Both getting what they need. So far 
Dem electorate is more than 10 points more liberal than 2008. The GOP electorate is nearly 10 points less on the "very conservative" front 
Word of warning on entrance polls, they are useful for finding out who is showing up, first timers etc. But the horse race is not bankable 
joek1228 KatyTurNBC JasonCalabretta HallieJackson kwelkernbc kasie mitchellreports we were only missing Paul Linn in center square 
How many campaigns know if all their precinct captains have checked in by now? 
texpatnj chrislhayes maddow hardball_chris earliest is not until 10pE. Probably later 
BruceFeldmanCFB Golden saw first hand how good Eric Ebron was as he dominated Miami. Golden has produced great TEs. Congrats GoldenAl 
As overhyped as Trump's been at times, we may b underplaying the political earthquake a Trump victory cd set off tonight NBCNightlyNews 
I'm about to check in with the marcorubio campaign to find out what tonight could mean for him. Join me now on MSNBC!  
SteveKornacki has mapped out some fascinating numbers to watch for tonight. He joins me next on MSNBC.  
VAntirrhopus I don't fall in love that easily. 
morningmoneyben I like hashtag? 
Turnout ... Snow. ... Threshold. ... Enthusiasm ... I like lamp 
Am relieved that Caucus Day and  are not on same day. My head might have exploded.  
The marathon  coverage continues. SavannahGuthrie and I are reuniting for a special 2 hours. Most wonderful time of the year! 
Best part of the  special tonight, we are using my favorite music. See u in 90 seconds 
Doing an Iowa Caucus Eve special on  which starts in 4 minutes. We have tons of great guests and important nuggets to understand tmro 
Avoiding an historic first, NH Dems will finally get a debate in the final days of the primary. 
Would the NRCC be rushing this fundraising email out today if they thought they'd have Sanders to kick around later? 
Joining me today for analysis on the Iowa caucuses: tombrokaw jenniferjjacobs joyannreid thebrodyfile  
Did Trump win Thursdays debate w/o even showing up? Will Sanders close the narrowing gap in Iowa? Tune in as we discuss these Qs and more. 
One day ahead of the Iowa caucuses and weve got 3 candidates on the show: tedcruz marcorubio berniesanders  
We're live from the Hawkeye State this morning. Tune in! 
Clinton on not knowing what are in the emails in question: "I dont know which ones they have plucked out to fail to disclose" 
But Hillary Clinton also said to AlbaMonica that she did not know the content of the emails in question 
In an on camera pull aside, Hillary Clinton tells my colleague AlbaMonica that she did not generate any of the emails in question. 
Only two candidates are consistently getting attacked right now: Trump and Rubio. Sanders "America" ad is on a loop 
How do some of us spend Friday nights in Iowa? Watching the local news commercial breaks. 3-4 min TV ad montages tell story of campaign 
Iowa is in 3 days, Trump skipped  amp; Sanders is narrowing the gap w/ Clinton. What Qs do you have for me? 
Interesting that no other candidate on stage wanted to butt in and tangle with Cruz on ethanol issue. Cruz caught a break 
Cruz trying to blur the lines on ethanol issue; will be interesting to see who on stage decides to hug Branstad and push back 
But the more muddled this debate is, it ends up only helping one candidate... "the elephant not in the room." 
Christie handled bridge Q very well, but the moderators haven't helped him engage with Rubio and Cruz as much as he needs to be right now 
About 6 weeks ago, Rand Paul seemed to decide, time to go back to his Libertarian comfort zone. Found his voice again, but is there time? 
Cruz took some incoming (less than I expected). Rubio had a strong start but immigration ties him in knots 
This is a tough debate to declare a clear winner. Some candidates had great moments that won't play well w/GOP base, for instance, Jeb 
Immigration may be THE decisive issue for many primary voters and yet tonight's debate muddled it for everyone, esp Cruz amp; Rubio 
There's a Google color coded state by state search map here in debate spin room. And Trump is most searched in every state for this debate 
Wow. That was quite a montage Fox put together to ask Cruz that immigration question. Will be curious if other candidates get montages 
Disappointing that the Ferguson question was only directed to Paul. Too bad they didn't get a few others to weigh in 
Meanwhile, Santorum is addressing Trump's crowd right now. What a surreal scene. What has this campaign come to? 
Rubio continues to show the most comfort on stage when topic is national security. He's been very strong for those looking for a hawk 
"Hate action" -- For GOP primary voters, many will believe Rubio owned that domestic terrorism vs protected speech question. 
Much tougher for Cruz to score points on media bashing when it is a Fox event. 
With that last Christie hit, I believe there have now been more Hillary mentions than Trump mentions, just 26 mins into debate 
Imagine if this Ben Carson had been this comfortable on stage when he was a frontrunner. He's truly improved at this format 
Rubio's "i do respect Rand" comment seemed like a not so subtle shot at Cruz. Surprised he kept that so subtle 
Well, who had Rand Paul in the "who will attack Ted Cruz first" pool? 
It is two VERY different scenes at the Trump rally and the GOP debate. There is a rock concert feel to the Trump event. Lower key at debate 
Cruz gets the chance to be the "leader" of the anti-Trump brigade on stage; good moment for him, which was handed to him 
Former SenatorHarkin knows Iowa's political landscape like few others. He sits down with me here in Des Moines, next on MSNBC.  
Don't miss this -- tombrokaw will join me here in Des Moines with his preview of  next on MSNBC.  
Big  on tap: our first from Iowa as the 5 day sprint begins Tune in now.  5pE/4pC 
My colleague LACaldwellDC on more Rubio TV ad reductions. 
Fmr. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel weighs in on the 2016 race. Don't miss my exclusive live interview with him, next on MSNBC.  
Next on  Rachel maddow joins me to talk about her special town hall on  
Also on  ex-SecDef Chuck Hagel on state of prez politics, state of both parties and campaign against ISIS 
Excited for  at 5E -- Will explain why every IA poll might be right... also: the anti-surrogates, Sasse (noTrump) Branstad (noCruz) 
Next on MSNBC, I'll talk to JohnKasich about his recent rise in New Hampshire.  
Next on our special series "Making of a Candidate," I'll explore BernieSanders' four terms as mayor of Burlington, Vermont.  
I hear from nervous IA Dem amp; GOP leaders: if Trump and Sanders win caucuses w/o either winning nomination, their "1st" status is in trouble 
PatrickRuffini that would mean every registered Republican in the country. 
Read to the bottom: Paul Ryan was the "in case of emergency" Speaker candidate, could he be same for WH GOP contest? 
One thing Bernie's missing, as davidplouffe notes, a Dem "permission structure" saying it's ok to be for him. 
Less than a week before Iowa and two weeks from NH, Jeb is going to be in NV? Says a lot 
Joining me for insight amp; analysis this morning on meetthepress: nytdavidbrooks, TheFix, kwelkernbc amp; kasie. 
Well take a look at both sides of the 2016 race. The Cruz/Trump bromance is over. And is this 2008 all over again for Hillary Clinton?  
I'll ask fmr SecDef Robert Gates, who served under 8 presidents, what it takes to be Commander-in-chief on  
One week until IA amp; we've got 3 candidates on meetthepress: HillaryClinton, realDonaldTrump, BernieSanders. 
TravisMuse3 there's no over. not covering up anything... it's just thin 
I'm answering questions now on the meetthepress facebook page. 
Is this what the Whigs felt like in the 1850s 
The GOP race has moved from a civil war to a Tarantino flick. Everyone's getting shot at, just one will survive 
heatherhaddon WSJ bethreinhard never attempt to campaign against Mother Nature 
derek_maclean i hear ya... but the Dem fight has been a bit more subdued in comparison so he's hot in comparison 
Not sure David Brock's been the most helpful ally of Clinton this week. His Sanders attacks are bit too 
In a civil war, there are two sides, in this GOP fight, it's circular warfare. Here's the stephenfhayes take 
Packed  is Trump over Cruz really an estab play to make a comeback? Hillary an underdog? Another hard to believe poll from brand x 
Gary Condit-Chandra Levy story is back. It was the top political story of the day on Sept. 10, 2001. (correx date) 
Thank you WashPost for reminding folks not to become "flasher" drivers. 
straussanator I am. My son is all in on Nats so I'm invested a bit 
Even last year's bullpen could have saved four run leads in the 7th 
eatatmilliways save this tweet for the Caps please. 
Videotape from his moderate 90s hasn't hurt him now, why assume it will later? 
petevoelker music festival activity of choice for many of us as teenagers in the 80s 
moneyries I'm all chill right now! Simple Man now playing as I shuffle thru Almost Famous 
nyrs_rangers actually, a good song. Written by Nancy Wilson btw 
arthackett if he blew that one then that's campaign malpractice 
Just got an ESPN alert that the Nats have entered into the Cespedes sweepstakes. Yes he's streaky but Harper Cespedes Zim is a nice 345 
christinasaull an all timer for me 
Btw thanks to that new Bernie "America" ad, I've just shifted my music focus to the Almost Famous soundtrack for the day. 
Bust out the hacky sack, set up the drum circle. May feed a stereotype but this is a good base centric Sanders ad 
Could Steyer be gaming out his own anti establishment campaign for CAGOV in 18 by hedging on Clinton? 
Mruhe1 at least use correct grammar when attacking my intelligence 
As one producer friend of mine said, the weather junkies are having a collective snowgasm. 
JayCostTWS GOP got a similar pushback when I raised similar issue. 
Catch up  Sanders v Clinton camps on the "s" word and The "e" word (socialist vs establishment) 
Caucus night motivation speech for those who can't?  
A caucus night motivation speech for candidates not named Trump Cruz or Rubio? 
ssn594vet that wasnt me 
Drey527 look at the election results 
Next on Making of a Candidate, how tedcruz used his time as Texas solicitor general to solidify his conservative credentials.  
Looks like the Dem establishment is starting to pile on BernieSanders. I'll talk to brianefallon taddevine at 5pET on MSNBC.  
Sanders is up with a new 30 second spot essentially responding to Clinton nat security critique. Note Cheney cameo 
Bush amp; Clinton have electability scare the base ads hitting Trump amp; Sanders respectively and 
Personally, I think it's shortsighted for party leaders to blame IA/NH monopoly for Sanders/Trump. If MO and OR were first, we'd see same 
IA/NH Dems amp; GOPers starting to whisper aloud that Sanders/Trump win could cost them their special early status if neither wins presidency 
So who drops out after NH? Check for any candidate in single digits says SmartPolitics 
milkmannorm he coaches not to lose. He doesn't coach to win 
milkmannorm his decisions single handedly cost us our last two playoff losses 
paulywog I think he is a great offensive mind. His play calling is what frustrates. Total mess sometimes 
Dimond_Mike his reluctance to ever give up a draft pick for a trade is frustrating but overall his drafts are fantastic. 
Dimond_Mike no 
Somehow this piece ignores the issue many of us Packer fans believe should be the focus. And it isn't on the field 
JonahNRO KirstenPowers I'm dude, your BEST friend! 
Could the Trump-Palin story thats dominating this news cycle, be good news for Clinton? Media not focused on Sanders surge 
chrislhayes and somehow the Knicks that ended up with bad end of the deal. Go figure 
MrDanPartridge thanks. We will be doing these dives on all the major contenders 
Next up, I'll kick off "Making of a Candidate," a segment looking at how the leading 2016 contenders got to be who they are today.  
DavidAGaspar official est. has it around $5B for TV ads... factor in OTHER spending for EVERY campaign on all levels, i say it tops $10B 
chayneb1 shorthand way of saying how much happens on any given day now... and then how fast weeks seem to fly by 
A Super Skyscraper bubble? 
Rubio's first general election spot? Needs to get there first, a digital ad designed to impress potential donors? 
Trump may have Palin, but could having the "Duck Dynasty" folks on your side on March 1 matter more? 
Don't think there's a single WH campaign I've talked to today that isn't feeling like every day is a week, every week is a day. Moving fast 
First poll of top issues of 2016 showing economy climbing back ahead of terrorism as top concern. 
But keep in mind, Cruz has gained strength in the grassroots in the past when it appears folks are ganging up against him 
Between the Palins and IA Gov. Branstad anti-endorsement, not a good day for the IA frontrunner Cruz. 
pjamiesonjr under the definition of natural born as "citizen at birth" then the answer is yes. But SCOTUS has never defined "natural born" 
MADarville MSNBC HillaryClinton take it to the 140 character limit one more time 
The Palins know how to create some political theater. Chalk up another GOP news cycle for Trump over Cruz 
Time to watch some old Miami Vice episodes with Frey    
UPDATE: Jailed Maldives ex-President Nasheed heads to UK for surgery, after my  interview aired on  
Thankfully, no need for GF3 edits 
seanspicer you realize most folks outside of Washington will be working tomorrow. 
As the debate turned to national security, you could see the focus shift from Sanders to Clinton. 
Who's the frontrunner? If you only watched the debate and didn't read polls, you might assume Sanders 
Clinton playing to room with her consistent answer structure that says things like "it builds" on what Obama did. Wrapping herself in Obama 
Sanders is punchy, he's taking little digs at Clinton at many turns including now on Wall Street issues 
For better or worse, Sanders is dominating this portion of the debate. He's pretty fired up. Is it too hot for TV?  
Sanders call for "major reform" of Dem Party gets just a smattering of applause by a crowd made up of... Members of the Dem Party 
chrislhayes it's pretty even. Sanders has had some loud cheers too. Even O'Malley 
Clinton pushing the "health care fatigue" idea when questioning the Sanders proposal. Swing voters might be but are progressives fatigued? 
Clinton wrapping herself in Obama legacy when touting ObamaCare. Popular with this audience. 
Sanders showing some real energy and passion now on health care. 
What makes the gun issue so problematic for Sanders is not just where Dem Party has moved but his defense sounds so, well, Washington 
This debate could end up being more about Sanders than Clinton tonight. A switch for the frontrunner.  
Debate coverage on NBC starts early. As in right. Now. 
Debate pre game on MSNBC. Right. Now. 
briankoppelman jdominick68 SHO_Billions comcast Showtime very excited for you Brian. But tonight, please DVR!  
TONIGHT: Tune in at 8pmET to our NBCNews/YouTube  preshow on msnbc --No TV? We're livestreaming at 
A Dem debate on a night people are actually home to watch TV, only on NBC tonight.   
When Clinton surrogates attacked process in 2008, only helped Obama. Guessing team Clinton will be reprimanding 
tonytwobets ron_fournier tackettdc arappeport Sunday 9p is prime time. 
AlexParkerDC the answer is Ditka, the question is irrelevant.  
MarkLeibovich some day Ted Thompson is going to get Rodgers all the WRs and TEs he needs to succeed 
stuntbrain meetthepress hopefully it won't be a bunch of poppycock. 
MarkLeibovich they say NFL teams can't be one man teams, the Packers are testing that premise.  
Only my sleeping spouse could be a witness but last night after the Hail Aaron TD, I wanted the Pack to simply go for 2 and try to end it 
ron_fournier tackettdc arappeport sarcasm aside, football is over before start.  NBC holds a debate when people watch tv 
Later in this morning's show, my exclusive sit down with human rights lawyer Amal Clooney. Don't miss it. 
I'll also talk with Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio on the state of their campaigns.  
Joining me for insight and analysis: hughhewitt, JoyAnnReid, stefcutter and Steve Schmidt. Welcome to Sunday -- it's  
I've got Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders on this morning's show ahead of tonight's  
BLKMD2002 correct, but they went through very tough periods where they looked like they couldn't do it 
Clinton is running into the problem sitting VPs usually have when running for third terms. Hard to passionately fight for continuity 
BTW, in reading this, I'm not having flashbacks to Clinton 08...but to Gore '00 and Bush '88. Why? (next tweet) 
And so it begins, some Dem backseat driving of the Clinton campaign. 
Could Jeb's Airbus retort to Trump on China end up hurting Bush in the 3/1 AL primary where Airbus has presence? 
Both primaries feel oddly uncertain, so much so that about the only thing missing: Bloomberg admitting he's thinking about an indie bid 
One thing we may be learning about Cruz, he seems to struggle when coming under attack. Both Trump and Rubio won exchanges w him tonight 
Budd0427 we haven't hosted debate yet. 
Rubio's strongest moment of the night came late, about the only thing Cruz camp should be happy about 
Just when a debate begins, the moderator ends it. Ugh 
That was some exchange between Rubio and Cruz. Downright nasty. 
Too many questions tonight were interview questions and not debate questions. These aren't indv interviews 
Christie and Bush made good efforts to break up troika but it felt like the debate kept coming back to some combo of Trump Cruz and Rubio 
This felt like a three person debate at times with Trump Cruz and Rubio coming across as most dominant. Also reflects standing of race 
Trump v Bush on Muslim ban was a classic head v heart exchange for GOP voters 
rickklein jake Garn and nasa is next 
Cruz handed Trump the 9/11 defense on "9/11 values" 
TheFix its simply not a debate. 
Not a ton of substance so far. 
Kasich correctly explaining how low interest rates during financial crisis ended up benefitting the rich 
Jeb Bush basically said "don't believe the negative ads against other GOPers that you will see a lot of" 
Rubio stole that moment from Trump-Cruz 
Cruz helped by crowd. But I'm not sure the Tribe attack is an effective pushback 
Trump vp offer to Cruz is clever retort. 
Strong Cruz response to birther business. Crowd on his side it appears 
So far. Not a debate. Simply a series of interviews. Missed early opportunity 
"Paperwork error" is a legit defense but it makes it harder for him to hit others who may claim the same. When purity is lost, all bets off 
Rubio trying to prove he's as feisty as Cruz and Trump. 
"Dodd-Frank" as a national security disaster issue? 
jmgehrke HotlineJosh AlexConant Frist won it. Romney snuck up for 2nd. Allen third I think. But Romney nabbed the "surprise" headline 
HotlineJosh AlexConant 2006 Memphis straw poll! Bill Frist and George Allen were considered the two to watch 
If you missed RonPaul on  then check it out. He unloads on entire GOP field. Bernie amp; Obama get praise. 
The stage will be smaller for tonight's  but the impact could be huge. I'll bring back the panel for that, next on  
RonPaul joins me next on MSNBC to discuss his son's candidacy and the influence of the libertarian wing of the GOP campaign.  
Mike_Mobley thanks... one hour at a time 
The   bromance is over. What happened? Tonight's panel, JRubinBlogger McMahonDEM SusanPage, returns next.  
 faces a conservative backlash after her  response. Republican strategist Ben Ginsberg joins me next on MSNBC.  
Battle for 2nd in NH moves to IA. Christie w/robust IA sked set for Fri-Mon. Bushamp;Christie believe 3rd in IA is best way to beat Rubio in NH 
zumhagen i get the point... i just don't think it's going resonate with undec Dems 
A decidedly establishment like figure in SC GOP politics goes with Cruz. 
Good news for the movie "Heaven Can Wait" with Warren Beatty. With Rams back in LA, the movie can seem relevant again 
Some conserve not happy with Haley response. Too soft and politically correct is charge. Is this simply: If MSM praises, some revolt? 
HotlineJosh jmartNYT nikkihaley don't assume we splinter into just three parties. 
In post SOTU interview with LesterHoltNBC, tedcruz unloaded on Trump. That bromance is over, eh 
If it's possible for Haley to actually rise up on the VP short list, she accomplished that as well tonight. Strong showing for SCGOV 
Attn future governors who may be asked to respond to a SOTU. This Haley outing is a good blueprint to follow. 
How broken is our politics? Both POTUS and GOP responder Haley make plea for better relations in our politics. 
Haley with a subtle shot at ? "During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices. We must resist" 
This section on foreign policy is probably the most defensive of the speech. Biggest divide between the WH and Cong GOP 
So far, it is a laundry list of issues, but a greatest hits of sort of items he pushed for in previous SOTUs 
It took less than a minute for a friend/colleague to use POTUS "four big questions" and ask Why is this SOTU different from all others? 
This line is rebuttal like for POTUS: "will we respond to the changes of our time with fear, turning inward as a nation?" 
One way to look at this SOTU is that it is Pres Obama's rebuttal to the GOP Prez campaign to date. 
Bragging about a shorter SOTU is one way to guarantee bipartisan applause  
Give Right to Rise credit, an actual attempt at some creativity in this Rubio attack. Most ads this year have stunk 
Very interesting read. Beat swapping is healthy on the trail 
RepEsty packers Vikings you got the division from us. That matters too.  Beat AZ 
shefrepsat I'm accused of leaning both ways. I don't actually lean any way 
Kim_Guidry one game at a time. 
stephenfhayes Rodgers won the debate with McCarthy. Hopefully they stick to this plan 
Aaron Rodgers is still Aaron Rodgers. Thankfully. Hopefully, McCarthy will stick to hurry up 
Should be noted that GB turned it around after they went hurry up. About time.  
Well, it took all season but Devonte Adams finally showed why team wasn't too upset about Jordy 
Both GB and WAS got here by beating bad teams but losing to good ones. Q today is which team is the best of the "bad" teams 
Favorite GB-WAS memory was a Monday Nighter in 82. Lynn Dickey leads Pack to 48-47 upset.  
Today's meetthepress panel is helenecooper, greenfield64, jenniferjjacobs, and costareports.  
POTUS will surely say the state of the union is strong on Tues, but what's his plan for his last yr? Ill ask his Chief of Staff, Denis44. 
I sat down in Iowa ytdy w/ realDonaldTrump. We talked tedcruz, billclinton, PT Barnum amp; more. Tune in.  
michaelddaley oldpicsarchive ha. My dad did work as a local promoter in Miami for Aamp;M Records and Atlantic in the 60s/early 70s 
Got a Facebook Qamp;A planned for 3p. hit me up on anything under the sun including Packers March to DC 
Saudi Arabia's problems are not just external. Fascinating piece from FP. 
World powers question North Koreas claims of a successful hydrogen bomb test. Ill check with two experts, next on MSNBC.  
 says  Canadian birth could be "very precarious" for the GOP. HallieJackson joins me from Iowa, next on  
Vanity Fair delves deep into the Huma-Hillary relationship. Touches on everyhing from Weiner to Clinton foundation 
Can Cruz start eating away at Trump's support? This is one way he's trying. 
tgcowles until he/she carries out presidential authority can their authority be questioned in court 
Most importantly: no one really has standing to challenge a POTUS citizenship q in court until that person is actually president. 
And Cruz being born to an American citizen can be argued as "natural born" is what many legal experts believe. 
As my pal Pete Williams points out re birther questions: SCOTUS has never interpreted what "natural born" means. 
thatwasmypoint Limited_Gov NBCNightlyNews child IS eligible. 
An emotional POTUS unveils his plan to curb gun violence, but faces intense pushback. Fmr. AG Alberto Gonzales joins me next on  
Big start to meetthepress daily. Huge head shaking moves regarding the establishment lane with GOP. See you on air  5pE/2pP 
Coming up next on MSNBC, exclusive new sound from the presidential frontrunners. GovMikeHuckabee joins me for reaction.  
This isn't going away anytime soon. 
Reading John Nichols' take on FDR's "Four Freedoms" speech is worth your time no matter your ideological POV. 
From bad to worse when it comes to US relations in the Middle East. From joshrogin and Eli Lake. 
Helping your kids with science homework just got harder. 
Trying to understand the chaos that has been today's very busy campaign say. 
A new year and a new Monday, amp; meetthepress Daily is back. Packed show and an important new angle to the 2016 race. Tune in at 5pE/2pP 
kinxbitz ha... it was meant very tongue in cheek 
Did Rubio campaign not file a delegate slate in Illinois? He still has time, but something up? 
For a candidate who doesn't lead in a single poll, quite astonishing there are more attack ads running against Christie than any other GOPer 
Cruz praises Obama in this new ad. (sort of) 
Team Rubio clearly believes that before they can take on Cruz and Trump, they have to clear the establishment lane of competitors 
Just how unpredictable is this race? Anyone think a month ago, Rubio SuperPAC folks thought Christie would be target of their 1st attack ad? 
There are TWO Rubio Super PAC ads attacking Christie: this one alludes to the bridge mess. 
Negative ads are coming fast and furious today, here's yet another one, this from Rubio SuperPAC hitting Christie. 
It was a very disciplined Bill Clinton with mitchellreports He would NOT engage on anything Trump related 
Every camp believes terrorism THE issue for primary voters. Trump, Santorumamp;Bush all out TODAY w/terror themed ads. 
AaronKlein Politifact, Mostly True 
AaronKlein and you will be how old on Election Day? 
Good piece. Bottom line: good polling is expensive; bad/cheap pollsters flood market, gives good pollsters bad name 
Santorum goes after Cruz, but meat of the ad is about Santorum boasting of his Washington resume, that's a gamble. 
Just a reminder about how long ago the 90s really were re: Bill Clinton. Nobody under the age 38 has ever seen Bill's name on a ballot 
My first meetthepress panel of the year: JRubinBlogger, Eugene_Robinson, sarafagen2 amp; hardball_chris. 
Quick preview of the first meetthepress of 2016! 
What should we expect in Iowa and NH this week? I'll talk to kwelkernbc amp; HallieJackson about the state of play in both states. 
Pres. Obama is bringing the conversation abt guns back into the spotlight this week. I'll talk to TX LT Gov. DanPatrick amp; ShuttleCDRKelly. 
And on meetthepress this morning, the panel amp; I will discuss fmr. Pres. Bill Clinton's role in the campaign.  
It's actually 2016. We start the year w/ 2 candidates that have to make a stand in NH: RandPaul amp; JohnKasich.  
Now that the calendar says 2016, I'm relieved we can finally start to focus on the presidential campaign. 
ChrisHarrison96 "nobody" is speaking. See the ratings 
In fact, for the meaningless bowl games, you can use this year's tie ins to set the match ups for next August. But these exhibitions stink 
Then replace end of year meaningless bowls with beginning of the year "extra" games that are essentially bowl games. Sun Bowl can be in sept 
Perhaps only way to save the bowls is to make the CFB post season all mean something -- expand post season and use current bowls. 
Promise only one rant on this but this bowl season, from scheduling to match ups, couldn't be worse. About as compelling as NFL pro bowl 
Glad to see Miami not quitting but some HORRENDOUS play calling and dumb mistakes. New coaching will help A LOT 
How much do we really know about  I'll talk to the author of a new unauthorized Sanders biography next on MSNBC.  
Campaigns are like pro sports teams, since you can't fire the candidate (owner) someone else has to pay.  
EBOlady so two billion users strong? 
Is Zorpia some new form of spam or virus? 
This attempt to dehumanize political opponents, whether candidates or media or whoever is a recipe for disaster. Disagree without insulting 
The campaign rhetoric is bad enough from candidates and social media, hope members of the media can take a higher road 
G8rGirl1 meetthepress yeah, I may have gone too far. But hey, Como se dice  
HunnyBunnyChi LivingColour need to see them again so I can be a Cult of Personality 
And we're five minutes away from my  interviews with realDonaldTrump and BernieSanders.  
Joining me this morning for insight amp; analysis are hughhewitt, jdbalart, DorisKGoodwin amp; maggienyt.  
3 GOP candidates seem to have a viable path to the nomination. The panel and I will discuss on  this morning. 
 johnpodesta, chairman of HillaryClinton's campaign, joins me to discuss Hillary's  performance amp; more.  
SpeakerRyan joins me exclusively on  to discuss the spending bill and how he's liking the job. 
Fresh off last nights  BernieSanders joins me to discuss the debate amp; this weeks campaign data breach. 
realDonaldTrump joins me on meetthepress to discuss his campaign, including what Putin has been saying abt him. 
This quote will live a while 
This has a presidential campaign launch vibe, doesn't it? More optimistic than actual GOP candidates rt now 
Portman "Were not going to try to assume its going to be a great convention and everybodys going to be kumbaya'" 
Fascinating piece on how GOP Sen Portman is looking for ways to distance himself from party during Cleveland convo 
Quick preview of promises to be an important  in understanding 2016 going forward. 
The RalstonReports feed on this news should be interesting. 
MarcACaputo last time "rascal" was used in a sentence, Eddie Murphy was making Buckwheat famous again. 
Very gentle. So gentle, it could get lost 
MiltownBucky not a bad description. 
Correct. What's worse than mailing it in? 
jpodhoretz horrible in a fun way though. That cast was drunk the entire time. Right? 
WaldoWilbur we don't see movies like this made anymore for some reason. Probably best comparison is Tropic Thunder 
That "Cannonball Run" cast was epic. From Dom to Dean, Klecko and Bradshaw to, of course, Burt 
More importantly, I just went down a Cannonball Run YouTube rabbit hole searching for "Chaos." One of the great "awesomely bad" movies 
When Jeb called Trump "Chaos," Thot it was comic book reference. But mmurraypolitics reminded me of "Capt Chaos" 
One issue that did NOT get attn last night: Pentagon report on how security in Afghanistan has "deteriorated" 
Question of course is what moments have legs for the next few news cycles. The Rubio v Cruz storyline is most likely. 
Overall, there were too many candidates pressing tonight which at times detailed the debate esp in hour 2. 
Jeb finally found his voice against Trump but was it too little too late? 
Of non top tier, both Christie and Bush had good nights with Christie probably helping himself the most. But he was a tad too hot at times 
This was Rubio's toughest debate mostly because he didn't get glide by without taking incoming. Will his immigration stance stop his rise? 
Trump and Cruz came into the night as the co-leaders and they leave in same place. Both held up, prob cause they didn't hit each other 
brianjameswalsh he has until March. We went through this research and to get on 50 state ballots, March is when he needs to begin 
A LOT of CNN promos during this ad break. Did some one in ad sales forget to sell this pod? 
It is 90 mins in. We can't be "only just beginning". Some of us would like a few hours sleep! 
Rubio is getting a taste of what being a frontrunner feels like. But his place in this race is VERY precarious. This pile on could hurt 
Look who just weighed in on Trump 
First hour of this debate was sharp and illuminating in many areas. The last 20 mins has been a chaotic and hard to watch. 
And he also compared him to Alinsky 
The Trump-Cruz alliance is alive and well 
GregFromCos touch 
Well, after keeping his cool a bit, looks like Trump couldn't keep his kid on for more than a hour. When did Trump hate attention? 
There's a point where tough talk comes across as trying too hard. There are a lot of candidates pressing tonight. 
This has been one of Trump's better debate performances overall. He seems more comfortable and in control of his emotions 
"I served on the Armed Services Committee for 18 years..." Is probably a line that never should be uttered in an anti-Washington year 
Jeb Bush whenever Donald Trump speaks? 
Rubio's position on national security is more in line with GOP primary voters but Cruz defended himself quite effectively just now 
Rubio v Cruz in a smaller debate setting would be quite the event. 
Are the candidates hovering? These space age podiums are a tad distracting in the wide shots 
The non senators are enjoying beating up on the senators tonight. Obvious hit given Cruz Rubio rise 
He is? Why doesn't he ever mention that part of his background 
Christie has an "edge" to him tonight. On national security, should play well with primary voters but needs to be careful of looking too hot 
Remember to watch debate thinking what will play well with a Maj of primary voters. Betting Rubio got the best of that exchange w/voters 
There are multiple levels of insulting a fellow Republican. Pedestrian attacks are "Obama-like". A meaner version is to drop an "Alinsky" 
A packed  starts now.  
Is the Hoover Dam next? // TVA dam tours shut down over terror concerns 
It's clear the LAPD and mayor believe the threat isn't real anymore or they wouldn't be spending so much time defending decision 
Joining me on MeethePress for insight: GeraldFSeib, HeleneCooper, mollyesque amp; Ted Koppel  
We've got a brand new NBCNews / WSJ poll on the 2016 presidential election. Watch meetthepress to see who's leading the race. 
I joined marcorubio in South Carolina to discuss Trump's Muslim rhetoric amp; more, tune into  to see the intv. 
The new "normal"? 
 picks a Twitter fight after  raises questions about Trump's judgment. I'll bring in our panel next.  
Has  hijacked the GOP or does his rise signal a major shift in the party? philipaklein and continetti join me next.  
ShalashMuh On that score, I'm an optimist, theU is in the CFP before the 2020 prez election. 
ShalashMuh I RT'd, very relevant point 
Yet another interesting realDonaldTrump read from Douthat 
I'm as much of a Stars Wars junkie as the next GenXer, but fearing next month filled w/lame political p.r. attempts to use movie. 
Finally, here's what mmurraypolitics and I put together today on understand realDonaldTrump's staying power. 
Then read Noonan, York: and Ignatius 
So many interesting realDonaldTrump reads today: start w/Continetti then Klein 
Love 'em, hate 'em or simply fascinated by his candidacy and its impact, today features a MOTHER LODE of good reads on realDonaldTrump 
Interesting stuartpstevens interview with TheFix // Important context re: state polling and what ACTUALLY matters 
Worth your time: how Trump could alter, not just perception of GOP but it's makeup 
If you like breaking political news, then you will love today's  See you in 10. Preview here 
It takes a village...here's my take in observer on why you need more than one mentor in your life: 
 looks to tie other Republicans to  rhetoric about Muslims. Will it work? That's next on MSNBC.  
Confession: can't get enough of Twisted Sister excepts when ever we roll Trump tape.  Remember Dee Snyder-Tipper Gore debates? 
Of course because it wouldn't be the holiday season if Congress didn't miss their recess deadline 
The link is correct 
douglastramsey it's that good of a prez bio 
tylerbox12 I'm getting on my kids about spelling so I better live by what I am preaching! 
A viewer sent me this photo from Arlington Cemetery this morning in response to our coverage of Trump on TODAYshow 
Apologies for typo in last tweet... Deleted and fixed 
That was a speech he had to give even as it lacked news. May not help much politically but not speaking to nation would have been worse. 
Joining me on meetthepress for insight: amyewalter, Harvard_Law's Charles Ogletree, RichLowry amp; BumillerNYT 
I'll have DMogahed along with Asra Nomani on meetthepress to talk about the  Shooting amp; the future of Islam in America. 
PeteWilliamsNBC joins former director of the US National Counterterrorism Center, Michael Leiter for updates on this weeks shooting.  
Sen. RandPaul amp; Sen. LindseyGrahamSC join  live for a discussion on surveillance amp; terrorism. 
A meetthepress SUNDAY EXCLUSIVE: I sit down w/ AG LorettaLynch to get the latest on  and more. 
Hey MarcACaputo, at The Hotline, we used to call stories like this pre-bituaries. 
doncollier2003 we've been searching 
Been taking Facebook questions... fire away. 
Yet more reasons to be excited about MarkRicht as coach of the Canes. He will make Miami proud. 
Meanwhile, Coach MarkRicht, hurry up and change this profile! 
I continue to get more excited about the Richt hire. It's nice to have hope again.  
The Packers improbable comeback is easily the best good distraction of the week.  (I'll admit it, I was giving up on the season) 
Let's be honest: a debate on anything regarding San Bernardino on Twitter right now is beyond useless. Can you block entire app for the day? 
I'm warming to Richt. Safest big name hire Miami could make and getting better at nabbing SoGA and NoFL talent is a bonus 
Special Super Tuesday edition of  Get your quick preview from me on Facebook 
Quick preview of meetthepress. For some of you, show starts in 3 minutes. For others, set that DVR now! 
This week's meetthepress panel: mitchellreports, mollyesque, hughhewitt, amp; Eugene_Robinson.   
What should POTUS Obama's next move be in the fight against ISIS? Fmr. Defense Secretary Bob Gates joins meethepress to weigh in.  
It's one of the most important GOP newspaper endorsements in the primary. The NH Union Leader's publisher will explain their choice on  
How will realDonaldTrump defend his remarks about an NYT reporter amp; controversial claims about 9/11? I'll ask him this morning.  
The big question for RealBenCarson this morning on meetthepress: Will his trip to Jordan assuage concerns about his foreign policy chops? 
We've got 2 presidential candidates on meetthepress this Sunday, RealBenCarson from Jordan amp; realDonaldTrump. 
Great end of the year run by Miami. They didn't lose dumb games. Yes the UNC game was ugly but overall, I have hope!  
Coach Larry Scott is making a nice case for a full-time head coaching shot either at Miami or somewhere else.  
Either 3p or right after the Miami game ends! (Kidding, sort of) 
Huge kudos to Coach Scott. This Miami team has nothing to "play for" but you wouldn't know it on the field. Such a difference  
Thanksgiving, THE great American holiday. 
Here's  Share your thanks w/  amp;  
Just got a release asking a question I didn't know existed: what does Willie Nelson think of Donald Trump? I didn't open it 
Did I read right that NFL Commish is worried about daily fantasy and integrity of the game? Please. Where would NFL be without point spreads 
Hoping to channel our security concerns in the right direction. 
HahnAmerica asking questions hat are counter to a growing CW is not ideological. Your issue may be that I'm NOT partisan 
Politifact would rate this tweet True 
dhsgov Sec. Johnson and NYPD CommissBratton join me on  to talk about countering terrorism here in the U.S..  
On  this morning: Fighting  RichardEngel joins me to talk abt the issues surrounding getting a coalition together to defeat them. 
After a week of overheated rhetoric on the campaign trail JohnKasich joins me to talk foreign policy on meetthepress.   
We've got a special edition of meetthepress this morning: Fighting  Joining me is fmr DOD Sec. Leon Panetta. 
ByronYork basically the same order and percentages we had for the 10 days pre Paris 
insunnyvale meetthepress a South Park fan I see 
Ali_my_champ DMogahed Deanofcomedy meetthepress also today on the show is TheMuslimGuy Arsalan Iftikhar. 
Ali_my_champ DMogahed Deanofcomedy meetthepress you must have missed Friday and my interview with DMogahed 
Late add to the meetthepress lineup: DHS Sec Jeh Johnson will be here to update on how serious to take the latest threats. 
Always a good day when Urban Meyer and Ohio State lose. This Canes fan will always hold a grudge. 
NPRinskeep I remember that switch as well. TV ads stuck to ACA I think 
Clinton campaign referencing "Obamacare" in TV ads. // Did Obama 2012 actually use "Obamacare" in TV ads? 
Get to know THIS political map of U.S. by Dchinni. You'll be seeing more of it on meetthepress Sunday and daily 
Been so used to Miami just "mailing it in" for last few games of each season these last few years that today is shocking! Tks Coach Scott 
Will be curious to hear what ex-DoD Sec/ex-CIA Dir. Panetta has to say about this on meetthepress tmro. 
Might be the most complete half of football Miami has played all year.  
According to Pew, more Mexicans LEFT the U.S. than entered. 
Carson blames media for spreading the "rabid dog" soundbite. 
GOP govs blaming GOP Cong. leaders for the inability of GOP Govs to get traction in prez 
A court case in January could dog Trump's campaign 
The Nat'l Holocaust Museum decided to put out a statement on the Syrian refugee debate. 
Wash. Post dug up this TV ad for Bill Clinton's '76 AG race in AR, featuring Mr.and Mrs. Clinton 
GlenAWalken They need to be asked on this one? 
I get the sense some campaigns are afraid to denounce Trump on these things anymore for fear it makes him stronger and them weaker 
Surprised by the silence so far of other candidates regarding Trump's call for a Muslim registry. 
OldManRiver1800 AVD911 MOVEprofPHD POTUS MSNBC um, i didn't dismiss, actually FOCUSED on this issue 
PatrickRuffini EsotericCD correct. IVR is a joke due to cell phone issue and well the fact that everyone hangs up on robotic voices! 
PatrickRuffini EsotericCD don't mix ivr and online. Deep dives via online panels can be very good. IVR, though, seems outdated 
 remains one of the wealthiest terrorist groups in the world. AnaSwanson and I take a look at how the money flows, next on  
The House passes legislation that essentially halts  coming to America. MacTXPress joins me next on MSNBC.  
briankoppelman do u know how many times your tweet has been said about various Trump quotes 
HooverMoose NBCNewsPR meetthepress That's the goal... mix it up; thank you 
House Dem leader Steve Israel hits WH for what's been bungled communication on refugee issue. 
A Clinton surrogate trying to emphasize the one differentiator with POTUS 
Someone heard Martin O'Malley's retort at her from last weekend's debate 
BillyCorben IndyStarSports indystar what it really means is that a top notch coach makes a program 
shawnmurry we waited before others so that we could put it in context with two real experts. Rather than hype it 
peterscavo Evan and Leiter are pros' pros 
If you were still governor right now, would you ask for a halt of  That's what I'll ask Sen. MarkWarner, next on  
WH counter terrorism aide essentially argues that 90 of Syrian refugees are rejected entry into US.  
WH chief counter terrorism adviser Lisa Monaco reiterates that there is "no credible threat" to DC specifically nor anywhere in US  
CIA Director John Brennan compares  to al Qaeda. White House counterterrorism advisor Lisa Monaco joins me next on MSNBC.  
Packed  on tap: exclusive first look at post-Paris public opinion on the battle against ISIS and terrorism. Tune in now  
Doug Flutie loses both parents on same day within an hour "They say you can die of a broken heart and I believe it" 
I'm no UNC water carrier, but they are getting hosed by CFB playoff poll. They are being given less benefit of doubt than other 1 loss tms 
More governors attempt to block  in the wake of  GovMikeHuckabee joins me next on MSNBC.  
SenJohnMcCain says the  should be a "wake up call" for America and POTUS. I'll interview him next on  
Kasich would create a new gov't agency to promote Judeo-Christian values around the world. 
kcolburn67 McFaul 100 
McFaul Apparently, some of the oil ISIS has sold has ended up in Assad's hands... 
Raise high! Huge win for  Hope that this isn't only storm the court worthy win this year. 
O'Malley campaign "reallocating" resources. Translation: cutting costs and some staff 
 threatens to strike the U.S. I'll ask NYPD Chief of Counterterrorism James Waters how his city's stepping up security, next.  
President Obama takes on detractors of his  strategy. jiminhofe, a member of the Armed Services Committee, joins me next on  
JohnJHarwood YossiGestetner BuzzFeedAndrew matthewjdowd exactly. Remember. You get what you pay for. Good polls are costly 
Condi Rice was with AL Gov. Bentley today talking about the refugee issue. She hopes we accept them, but 
DiFi pushing for a more hawkish response to ISIS. Feinstein is among the leading foreign policy voices in the Dem Party right now 
There's no doubt POTUS is paying attention to his critics. That was a long riff about them 
"If I were more bellicose" -- POTUS just identified what may be his biggest perception problem in moments like this. But he isn't changing. 
But good chunk of Americans don't want an under reaction either. This is fine line POTUS is trying to walk politically and diplomatically 
One of the reasons POTUS won in 08 was that many voters liked that he didn't appear to over react in a crisis. He is same guy today 
NolteNC guessing you won't be alone wondering that 
POTUS says military could "clear out ISIL" temporarily but if local pops aren't part of solution, won't last. 
On meetthepress yesterday, POTUS nat sec aide rhodes44 previewed these remarks. Strategy not changing but there will be "intensification" 
How does a cease fire work in Syria when there are three sides fighting and only two that may agree to a cease fire? 
POTUS makes plea for nations not to reject Syrian refugees 
POTUS making the case that the coalition is making progress against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. And now the but... 
POTUS doesn't refer to the downed Russian plane when running down recent ISIS attacks. No firm evidence on that one yet 
POTUS is now speaking and will take questions for first time since Paris attacks. NBCNews and MSNBC live now 
UnlistedUser1 yeah. Ugly. 
Green Bay, we officially have a problem. Lions tried to give that game to the Packers numerous times and yet... Any free agent lineman? 
rhodes44 also joins me on meetthepress to discuss the White Houses response to the   
Presidential candidate JebBush joins me on meetthepress this morning as we talk  and the  
richardengel will be on meetthepress live to share the latest on the investigation into the   
Who won the  last night? Then panel and I will discuss this morning on meetthepress. 
Today, a special edition of meetthepress on the  What does this mean for the US fight against ISIS? 
f_bombkenobi it is Onifrio. No "D" 
You can't fire Al Golden twice 
What's that old TV ad tag line, never let them see you sweat? 
About to start a special 2-hour  on MSNBC. See you in 18 minutes. 
These refs are now looking for reasons to flag Miami; this is atrocious. UNC can celebrate a play, Miami can't... Got it 
Can only watch Miami game with one eye, but usual bad playcalling and discipline issues combined w/questionable flags that don't help 
ByronYork that said, I gotta think this changes things for the next month or so, which will shake things up 
ByronYork we were having this discussion internally and someone noted that the 07 London attacks didn't change much in the 08 race 
Will Paris news essentially freeze the Dem race in place? 
Taking question amp; info requests for tmro's special meetthepress over on Facebook. Also, updated NBC/WSJ poll info 
VP Biden has put out his own tough statement on Paris attacks promising a response: "We will respond. We will overcome. We will endure." 
Pollsters are correct about media appetite on polls. But pollsters need to start policing their OWN industry. 
In 80s, a Cheney and a Panetta were both in the House. Come 2017, a Cheney (Liz) amp; a Panetta (son Jimmy) could serve 
Interesting chart on the GOP tax plans, Cmte for Respon Budget scores Paul's as least costly. 
Sister Souljah is no fan of Hillary Clinton, comparing her to a "slave plantation white wife of the white 'Master'" 
The most popular Republican running for president AMONG Republicans is Ben Carson. That's why what Trump did last night is so risky. 
BTW, is it just that time of year, or is there something afoot on Cap Hill? 4 House retirements in last week: 2 R and 2 D 
Liz Cheney for Congress? She's thinking about running for the open WY at-large seat. 
Immigration as THE wedge issue of the GOP primary has exploded today. All angles covered on  your show of record on 2016. 
dubois weirdest thing happened yesterday, I easily found a cab when it was raining. 
JPnMiami MarcACaputo isn't this the week Amazon is launching that weird show about the Nazis winning WWII? 
Fascinating Helmut Schmidt obit. 
bjung33 the living room candidate 
I've gotten to do a lot of interviews, this was one of my favorites. Thanks guys. Can't wait for Feb '16 baseball! 
lynneassa what about Rudy? The Donald? Bernie? 
lynneassa you mean like Jeb? 
Ken_Spain benpershing I see what u did there. "Wah waah wah waah wah waah" 
You don't think it does until you have kids of a certain age. 
JohannaHouman assessing how candidates did and how it may impact campaign is neutrality 
As for Jeb, he seemed more comfortable than he has in the other three debates but was he impactful with voters? 
Paul easily had his best debate night of campaign. Cruz and Carly had good moments too. Rubio did no harm. Kasich was (too?) aggressive. 
Hard debate to say who was a clear winner. The two frontrunners struggled more than rest of field but prob not enough to see poll fall 
Climate change and min wage were topics at this debate. 
Cruz is showing why so many insiders think he'll eventually be in the final two or three when the field winnows 
This is the Paul on foreign policy that many thought would be a bigger player in primary. He hasn't been helped by Trump sharing his views 
Both Jeb and Carly challenged Trump on Russia but Carly is owning her moment in a big way. 
Folks are finding out Trump has similar isolationist tendencies as Paul. 
Trump's bragging about being on "60" w/Putin amp;seeming like they cd be pals would be problematic for any other GOPer. Why isn't for him? 
Jeb has done fine with the time he's had but again, there are large gaps between times he feels involved 
Would love to hear one of the candidates take time to explain currency manipulation. Wonder how many would feel comfortable if asked 
This last 15 minutes has been Rand Paul's best so far of all four debates. He was being who he is without coming across angry or annoyed 
Trump trying to play the party uniter!?!? And flex his frontrunner muscles 
Hmmm, why did Cruz pick sugar subsidies, of all things he could think of. Has nothing to do with a certain FL senator on stage does it? 
Paul tosses a defense budget grenade on to the debate stage. 
Been very few debate moments. Ah, and as I write, here we go. Rubio v Paul. 
I get there is an extra effort to not force candidate engagement tonight but I get sense candidates would like to debate more than they are 
Did Cruz say Commerce twice? Better than being a Texan who forgets which agency they are killing.  
Eliminating the IRS may sound good but do folks who cheer really believe the agency will get abolished? 
JohnJHarwood true. Though his name is on a bill that agrees with them. 
Haven't looked at DomenicoNPR's time chart but guessing Kasich and Fiorina are on top. Kasich a tad too hot tonight? 
NolteNC some in the newspaper industry would say new media drove down wages 
There's Cruz, taking the Trump side of the immigration argument over the Bush-Kasich-Rubio side. 
Kasich and Bush trying to make a pragmatic argument on immigration to a primary electorate that may have lost faith in GOP pragmatism 
...That's the sound of a bunch of reporters scrambling for Eisenhower biographies. 
Interesting Trump aside on his deporting plan "hopefully they'll come back" 
Wish some of these questions were asked of every candidate, including min wage q. 
Good early questions being wasted because every candidate has tried too hard to get some stump lines in. Folo to Kasich got some specifics 
Questions are solid. Most candidates avoiding specifics though. 
The two Republicans running who have publicly come out in favor of some raising of the min wage: Huckabee and Santorum. Neither on stage 
I think we know the answer for better debates. Four person debates are great. Imagine three of them. Rather than one 8 person. 
Both Huckabee and Santorum bring a little economic issue diversity when it comes to the debate about wages and trade. Won't be on main stage 
Not a single candidate on stage tonight has worn the uniform. Only veteran running now is Graham.  
Big charge by Christie to claim Fed isn't raising rates to protect POTUS. Tough to prove. Perhaps good politics but produces cynicism. 
 defends her lack of a detailed tax plan. I'll ask MikeNeedham how that's playing with conservatives, next on  
LindseyGrahamSC was bumped from tonight's GOP undercard debate, but he won't be silenced. He joins me next on  
Bucs-Giants ending is one of those great moments in Las Vegas sports history  
Packers seem lifeless. McCarthy has never been a coach with public fire. Hope that changes at the half.  
Airemaddie he doesn't get enough credit 
I will work to make this happen. Cc ShawnaNBCNews 
And I've got an all star meetthepress panel" gwenifill, maddow, hughhewitt amp; MarcACaputo.  
ChrisJansing asked RealBenCarson abt possible discrepancies in his personal story. Tune in to  for more. 
TimJGraham Rubio and Cruz and Huckabee and, fill in the blank. Point is, you biased my comment. Not me. 
TimJGraham why do you twist what I say. Did I say Obama or Hillary? I said traditional politicians. 
And on  we'll take a look at the latest on the downed plane in Russia. What questions remain unanswered? SenFeinstein joins me live. 
4 candidates join me on meetthepress today. realDonaldTrump, realbencarson, CarlyFiorina amp; BernieSanders.  
A meetthepress preview from the desk this morning. 
W/new Bush 41 bio out, u won't be surprised by MoDowd's column topic. Dont miss dateline, esp Game of Thrones fans 
Election Day exactly 1 year from today. Outsiders amp; hating DC drives the campaign. A special meetthepress w/Trump Sanders Fiorina amp; Carson 
Late add to meetthepress as our own ChrisJansing caught up with RealBenCarson late yesterday to respond to bio controversies 
Larry Scott. 2-0!  
Won't be greedy, glad to have Miami up two scores but this game is a bit tighter than it should be.  
When was the last time Miami's defense out game planned or schemed anyone?  
Just awful. Too many dumb penalties on offense and wasted play calls. Now we are inexplicably down.  
Jason_M_Perkins please. Duke got gifted their last two scores with phantom pi calls 
TimJGraham I see what u are attempting there. But u are barking up wrong tree as usual 
brookebrower it is weird. I'll grant u that 
Miami is beating UVA 14-3. Officials are beating Miami 5-0 
Jekyll and Hyde day for Kaaya. Meanwhile, looks like the memo went out to officials to call Miami for anything close. Frustrating.  
BuzzFeedAndrew detroitnews that's what they are saying. He conflated May and Feb 
jimgeraghty and the other five are named on re prompt. Again, I know some believe this isn't fair but our "support" q says otherwise 
jimgeraghty I believe others who claim to name all 15 on first ask have shown even lower numbers. Not sure u r right 
BuzzFeedAndrew detroitnews in  Carson manager said Carson was with Westmoreland at Feb banquet 
jimgeraghty jmartNYT correct. But everyone is named. Our pollsters believe if u name all 15 first, respondents fatigue. 
JazzShaw jimgeraghty jmartNYT correct 
jimgeraghty jmartNYT everyone is asked a "could u support" question. Then we do ballot test of top 10 and on second push, name rest 
jimgeraghty jmartNYT not only is your statement not true, but what you tweeted proves. Everyone is named 
Carson manager Barry Bennett says on  that this weekend they will have someone who affirms other Carson childhood stories publicly 
President Obama formally rejected  today. I'll have reaction from TomSteyer next on  
 finds himself facing fresh scrutiny over his past. Campaign manager BBennett152 is about to join me in the studio.  
Well played 
A busy Friday to cap off a busy political week, every  is must see but today's show is on another level. Carson to Keystone amp; more 
joharhoustontx TheFive kimguilfoyle you can dvr KG. 
This might be the most aggressive negative ad I've seen run against Vitter.  
Enviro movement pushed the Dem Party leaders on Keystone very effectively. Obama and Clinton were both sorta neutral on Keystone pre 2012 
Question I've been asked by some GOPers not involved in  Why didn't RGA come in sooner and help some other GOPer beat Vitter 
Carson camp acknowledges one childhood exaggeration. // danger for Carson now is if this correction opens floodgates 
Bipartisan diplo team of Albright, Baker, Berger amp; Hadley jointly endorse TPP. Albright a big Clinton supporter who is kindasorta anti TPP 
PhilipRucker did I miss the debate where someone went shirtless? 
Russian chess legend Kasparov63 is about to join me on  I'll find out what he thinks about  action in Syria. 
Virginia Sen. timkaine is pushing President Obama to get new approval for military action against  He'll join me next on  
Jack Conway owns the record for worst showing for a KY Dem GOV candidate in 150 years. 
Good read: KY ground zero for anti establishment mood? Both Bevin and Paul defied the GOP estab and won 
Joe_Gerth whas11rachel WHAS11 sorry about that... the Russian plane news 
WoodCarma maggieNYT keder I saw that DGA release. That was the height of CYA 
Was there a single public KY GOV poll that wasn't done via IVR or some non-traditional methodology? 
Getting an array of responses to these Dem Party apparatus tweets: from too many Dems running away from him to rural-urban cultural splits 
Possible it's about Dems failing to motivate their voters outside a prez year. But the off-years are where a party build its infrastructure 
What's the answer/reason? Some will argue Team Obama never translated their expertise to the rest of party. But clearly something's wrong 
Name Dem org amp; it seems their GOP counterpart has either out messaged, out spent or out-maneuvered. Dem bench down ballot getting wiped out 
Meanwhile, outside of Obama's campaigns in 2008 and 2012, the Dem track record everywhere else is, well, abysmal since his election. 
States are laboratories of democracy; nat'l GOP leaders will be watching closely to see how or if Bevin can repeal/replace health care in KY 
The anti-Obama playbook worked in  Now the RGA heads to  to see if same message can rescue Vitter in another red state 
Happiest KY officeholder in DC tonight is Rand Paul. Bevin win relieves pressure some KY GOPers might have exerted on him re: WH v SEN 
politicalwire most of the KY polling I've seen recently hasn't been from pollsters with long track records 
If this holds in KY, it will mean Conway would have lost winnable races as a Dem nominee for House (KY 03) in 02, senate in 10 and Gov. 
So I'm listening to Wilbon and Tony K claiming the Miami-Duke result should be overturned. This is nuts esp since Duke was gifted their TD 
Super70sSports BDayspring Burns 
wbumper understand your skepticism. Here is a good explainer about what constitutes a good sample. 
The House will be in session for the third fewest days next year since 1975. Fewest since 2006. 7 week summer recess.  
TaneDanger and yet, it wasn't bad m! 
wbumper the size of the sample is not as important as how the sample was out together. NBC/WSJ is and always will be the poll gold standard 
 surges ahead in our NBC News/WSJ poll. Does he have staying power? I'll ask pollsters Bill McInturff, Peter Hart next.  
Ben Ginsberg, the attorney who drafted a letter proposing  parameters, will be my guest next on  
A little pre- Facebooking... Come on over. 
ScottJenningsKY is it too simplistic to pitch this campaign as a "hold your nose" election for the swing voters of KY 
Some of these IA Sanders supporters sound simply defeated. 
ScottJenningsKY ah. Got it. Riddle me this: has any decent poll had Bevin ahead? 
ScottJenningsKY and the GOP theory? 
mmurraypolitics BlaiseHazelwood point is, every candidate is named cc: BradOnMessage 
Toophers you know it. still upset at bad officiating Duke benefitted from in final two drives. Faux outrage over last play obscures that 
Don't miss our special "One Year Out" coverage of  
One year out: America is screaming for a political reset to get out of our political depression. 
DraperRobert I've got another 2500 words in me on that topic alone 
Timodc stephenfhayes Reince exactly. Why shouldn't this loss belong to the staff. Off a bye week. A BYE week. Ugh 
Whether in politics or life, the folks who build themselves up by tearing others down usually regret it. Low form of whining 
Timodc stephenfhayes Reince you had an unfair advantage, you have a team that was prepped after a bye week 
GrandmaWat MSNBC JoeNBC I assure you, he knows nothing about my politics. He is making this up 
But I'm sure some Duke fans will conveniently forget every gift call they got in the last five minutes for a game they got an assist in 
That Miami-Duke officiating crew was bad on the last drive that handed Duke free yardage and downs on very questionable calls. It evened out 
richardmskinner jmartNYT today's senate? This has been the senate for the last 25 years I've been covering it 
And joining me for insight amp; analysis on meetthepress are helenecooper nytdavidbrooks mattbai amp; agearan.  
I sat down w/ SpeakerRyan to talk abt the job he didn't originally want amp; challenges facing the GOP. More on  
Good Sunday Morning. On meetthepress you can watch my exclusive intv w/ JebBush about his campaign's "reset." 
Had no idea they could overturn a penalty. Maybe Miami has good karma again.  
Another close call goes against Miami. Very questionable. Big bummer on a cool play.  
Painful. Didn't get a single call on that last drive. Good effort until end.  
 chief operating officer is out. I'll ask Bush supporter RosLehtinen where the campaign is headed after a rough week.  
Boots on the ground in Syria. SenJackReed joins me to discuss today's decision by the White House.  
The  calls on  to quit the presidential race. RameshPonnuru and carolynryan join me in "The Lid" next on  
How realistic is bipartisan cooperation with  as House speaker? Ill ask Clyburn and RepComstock next on  
Dems claiming a DOUBLE-DIGIT lead in the  runoff. It's anti-Vitter vs anti-Obama on the LA airwaves. 
proteinwisdom jpodhoretz a shred of humor not allowed? 
Test for Jeb going forward is how he handles this tough moment. As Steve Schmidt notes, the candidate who shows most resiliency wins 
If Rubio ends up the nominee, this debate performance will be considered one of, if not, THE moment.  
Kasich left out one more profit center at Ohio State, their football program  
So far, I think every candidate has had a moment worth touting or YouTubing... except Bush.  
Huckabee is right about the "only guy" deal. Would make a good meme...  
jpodhoretz Menshevik was new to me. Are they socialists who speak Yiddish? 
Rubio has a similar gift that both Dubya and B. Clinton had, he personalizes policy proposals.    
Huckabee's call on curing those four diseases that drive health care costs was a taste of the Huckabee that broke through in 2008  
Here is where Trump hit Rubio on Zuckerberg and H1B1 visas... on his own web site. 
Is Donald Trump still on stage?  
Carson showed some political nimbleness with that initial response on CostCo. He's not been that quick before.  
Important enough breaking news to interrupt my debate tweets. Solid hire (I hope) 
Rubio is easily the best deflector on this debate stage; weaves personal narrative exceedingly well  
Rubio campaign clearly believes this exchange helped them 
NolteNC He only has one gear. I've talked fantasy football with him and he is as passionate 
Carson has definitely improved his energy and style compared to the first two debates.  
Check out blind quote 4 in mikeallen Playbook this ayem. Cruz almost uttered line word for word. Pre-planned hit 
Remember, when a pol doesn't like a question or doesn't want to answer a question, default is to attack the media. Centuries old tradition 
Christie has already talked about running against Hillary Clinton twice... Rubio once, everyone else more focused on each other or media 
Cruz was probably just done a favor with potential supporters just now by being cut off.  
Thought the candidates were going to go rogue tonight and sure enough, they have.  
Bush doesn't do planned attacks well at these debates; he's better when PURELY off the cuff.  
No one can say Rubio wasn't ready for this attack from Bush tonight... And thanks to the rules of the debate, Rubio got the last word 
Rubio's pushback on Sun-Sentinel was an attempt to make it harder for other GOPers to take the side of the media.  
Rubio with a strong response about "waiting in line" --"waiting for what" -- meanwhile, "turn the page" is a phrase from Obama 2008  
Of the plans we've studied at  Kasich's looks more like a plan that could survive in some form in a divided Congress.  
Fiorina with a reality check; She's right, lots of talk on the GOP side about major tax reform pledges for years, no follow thru  
Carson started steady in defending his tax plan at first and then... a reminder, the economic policy is not his comfort zone 
Carson does seem like he has more energy tonight than the previous two debates 
Trump playing defender of Carson... And one thing Trump does prep for re: debates; oppo research 
Kasich is trying to pick a fight with BOTH Trump and Carson... the Medicaid/Medicare attack is on Carson 
"All the deductions and all the loopholes" -- how Carson says his 15 flat tax will work. "all the deductions" means mortgage dedux too? 
MarcACaputo except when they write editorials on a debate day that directly channel a talking point of one candidate vs another 
Under covered story this month is the establishment GOP starting to actively fight the base again. 
mckaycoppins RosieGray GrahamBlog did you check his MySpace page? 
The rest of the undercard participants ought to thank Lindsey Graham for staying in the race. Without him, would there be an undercard? 
Next on  I'll ask Colorado SenCoryGardner what lessons the eventual GOP presidential nominee could learn from his upset win in 2014. 
The economy will take center stage at  Fmr. Sen. Alan Simpson and MayaMacGuineas join me to break it down next on  
Debate preview  style starts in 3 min. For political junkies, it doesn't get any better than this. See u on the air meetthepress 
First home state blowback for Rubio on his rant against the Senate. Sun-sentinel calls for resignation 
Hey finebaum, I know you are being provocative, but the SEC didn't know what real college football was until Miami reinvented it. 
I just love the way the Royals play baseball. Mets are tough too. Have no dog in this Series but am enjoying Game 1 in general. 
Kasich joins Bush and Rubio in being extremely open about their own frustrations with campaign and/or day job. No happy warriors right now 
How's Trump handling his first real poll/driven adversity? That and the latest on the Dem side in IA on NBCNightlyNews in 5 mins 
 highlights  faith, saying he doesn't know about Seventh-day Adventists. I'm going to talk to one next on  
 surges ahead of  in a national poll. I'll talk to two moderators of tomorrow's  next on  
It seems both Jeb and Rubio have "when the going gets tough" questions to answer. Fine line between expressing frustration and hopelessness 
MarcACaputo unclelukereal1 always liked how they took it down an octave during that chorus 
MarcACaputo unclelukereal1 don't forget his contributions to the free speech movement 
MarcACaputo um, that is one way to put it.   
Hope Art Kehoe gets an interim slot or something similar for rest of the season w Scott. Kehoe actually helped invent the swagger  
One thing GoldenAl will deserve credit for is leaving the cupboard full. He is a class act and a solid person. Good luck coach 
IngrahamAngle BillKristol predicting when or if Trump has jumped the shark, has, well, jumped a school of sharks 
BruceFeldmanCFB DesmondHoward what's worse for recruiting, rumors of impending change or dealing w it asap 
BruceFeldmanCFB DesmondHoward wonder if other coaches who know they could be fired at end of season go this route? 
A 55 yard FG by the Jets is one of those "great moments in Las Vegas sports history". Google that SNL skit to get what I mean 
ErmerYerng timberland. Comfortable and utilitarian 
FranPelayo on the trail. Always wear boots 
Joining me on  for insight amp; analysis are DorisKGoodwin, JRubinBlogger, SHendersonFreep amp; JohnJHarwood. 
Will this go down in history as the week HillaryClinton secured the nomination? We'll discuss on meetthepress. 
We'll do some post-game analysis of this week's  Committee with 2 big players: RepCummings amp; TGowdySC. 
Catch a preview of my  intv with RealBenCarson, where he tells me he's full of energy. 
Big show coming up this morning. I sit down with RealBenCarson to discuss guns, abortion, realDonaldTrump amp; more. 
GoldenCanesClub just hope the school realizes they need to offer the boosters some reason for hope NOW. We've waited long enough 
So two tough polls in one state and Trump goes into full attack mode on Bloomberg and Carson's religion? Over reaction is understatement 
davehydesports I assume he means no changes today. What about Sunday or Monday 
GregKell agreed. Can't linger for rest of season. Players won't play 
JWGOP yeah. They have to act now 
Other reason Miami may have to act now, too many openings at programs who will pay more: both USCs and the Univ of Under Armor (aka MD) 
Remember the days when Miami's third teamers played he way Clemson's third teamers are? 
ChuckRabin let Kehoe finish the season. 
If the answer from Miami tomorrow on Golden is "assess at the end of the season" it will demoralize all involved. This team has quit 
Worst thing to do to Golden is to let the cloud hover for rest of the season. Either keep him definitively or fire him now. 
Well, I think Al Golden has his signature game. 
shuffman08 I've hesitated tweeting that but I don't know if I can hold back anymore 
KennethDeweese that excuse is a joke. USC had it worse. 
MomMilkshake MarcACaputo if he school cares about the fans, they will act this week. Letting this continue isn't fair to anyone involved 
Clemson O is just toying with Miami's defense. It's comical how lost the team D looks so now they are just playing prevent.  
Clemson is no doubt a great team but talent difference isn't that great. It is the game preparation that is the difference maker  
Does Miami EVER have a smart play out of a timeout? A wildcat for no gain at start of 2ndQ? Ridiculous play call 
The sad thing about watching Miami at this point is that while I have high expectations, this oddly isn't surprising. 
This is absolutely embarrassing to be losing like this at home.  there is no excuse. 
Miami looks totally unprepared on both sides of the ball. Deja vu all over again.   
As I assume going into every Miami game, they have more future NFL players than their foe which means they could (and should) win.  
I'm sure some of these fundraising scam groups will now use NYT story to their benefit and raise money off of it. 
RickSantorum tells me he's not worried by his presidential campaign's slow start. I'll talk to him one-on-one, next on  
maddow just wrapped up an interview with  and she joins me next on  with an exclusive first look.  
Starting a Facebook Qamp;A in about 5 mins. Come on over. 
Some things never change, Romney has to re-explain his health care stance. 
My inbox of releases from members of Congress today are almost universally about one topic: POTUS veto of the defense bill 
Replace "media" with "public" and folks would realize this is insulting to taxpayers. 
Why do the Mets hate America? 
Come next July if Clinton is Dem nominee, we may look back on these 10 days as the period she clinched it. But tmro looms. NBCNightlyNews 
Was told that if VP were running, there would already be a web site up and running and paperwork filed before he uttered a word 
If POTUS is at VP side for Rose Garden statement then we know the answer. 
TheBrandGuyTim marcorubio I thought it was clever as well. 
TiffanyTLane thanks for coming to the talk. Good meeting you. See you on the trail in the next few months 
Rubio getting in on  watch until end where Rubio asks viewers to subscribe to YouTube channel 
GlennThrush AlecMacGillis also means we will continue our harsh view of the metric system, right? 
Just six GOPers hit double digits when u combine 1st/2nd choice: Trump, Carson, Rubio, Bush, Cruz and Fiorina. Only potential nominees left? 
Good to join my show from road in Sioux City, IA.  is in SteveKornacki's capable hands today. Will talk  poll in mind. 
daveweigel Atrios I wouldn't say it at all if I didn't believe it. campaign forces the press corps to see all of America. A GREAT thing 
Looking forward to speaking with folks MorningsideEdu tonight. Always great visiting Sioux City, IA during campaign season! 
For years, GOP estab thought guns and abortion were all they needed to woo it's working class wing. These voters want an Econ msg too 
Good read on Trump's primary coalition, from RonBrownstein // wooing working class vote still new to GOP estab wing 
SCOOP! 
Will JoeBiden run? The  panel will talk about this reporting from kwelker and more. 
Why is the fight between  and  getting ugly? You'll find out this morning on meetthepress and more. 
And joining me for analysis on MeetThePress are mitchellreports, amyewalter, alexcast amp; ron_fournier.  
It's been a busy week in politics. From the  to POTUS' foreign policy legacy-- we'll discuss it all on meetthepress. 
This week in the  saga RepAdamSchiff amp; RepMikePompeo join me on meetthepress to preview the HillaryClinton hearing. 
Good morning. I've got an exclusive intv w/ tedcruz. Tune in to hear what he DOESN'T say abt RepPaulRyan.  
I don't believe what I just saw.  
Can't be considered a good team if we don't win games like this. Next week v CLEM is a chance to officially be considered "good"  
Another red zone mishap. Can't afford this next week.  
That might have been the best defensive series of the season just now for Miami.  
309_470 I set a higher bar for Miami than I do our politics! 
MoserLuke nope. Very frustrating. But I will get to watch second half. The job comes first 
At the end of the year, will it be better to have lost to Northwestern or Ole Miss? Asking for Alabama and Stanford friends. 
A red zone touchdown! Knock me over with a feather.  
Just landed so haven't seen 1st half of Miami game. Usual fast start followed by lack of third down conversions and stalled red zone drives? 
Another state will decide whether to make recreational marijuana legal. Ill look at the big issues on next month's ballot next on  
 Vice Chair R_T_Rybak is making some news, saying hed support a move for a new chair. My interview with Rybak is next on  
Shakeup coming to the DNC? My exclusive interview with the DNC vice chair who is not shy about criticizing DWStweets  IN 6 mins 
DemFromCT ForecasterEnten  
WaldoWilbur good reminder 
POTUS on the Dem primary: "My ballot is private" Translation: I won't be endorsing (yet?). 
LAT's mikememoli with morning's Biden scoop. Letter from Ted Kaufman outlining what a campaign might look like. 
Daily fantasy too important to future of MLB/NBA as a way pump up interest in reg season for them not to finally promote all sports gambling 
My guess is that in a year: either the daily sports fantasy sites are extinct or sports gambling of all kinds gets legalized 
This could all end quickly if the major sports leagues stopped their opposition to sports team gambling. 
This series was lost when Mattingly didn't play hard ball in Game 3 and instead sat Utley. Missed opportunity. 
From  shiracenter and MarcACaputo on the sudden sense of urgency being felt in Bush Rubio and Rand land 
From  Yet another postponed pledge on Afghanistan. Can we ever count on a centralized govt there 
From  Many GOP candidates still havent figured out the RealBenCarson boomlet. Great piece by kasie 
From  : kwelkernbc has the scoop on JoeBiden's busy day on the phones 
Thanks for watching  Great to be back doing a daily hour. Big shout out to brookebrower and the team for packed road shows 
An example of a policy promise made in the midst of a political fight to win a news cycle? Bush on dark money. 
 FBI begins an inquiry into booming business of  PeteWilliamsNBC joins me next on  
A reminder that Huckabee is not a Chamber of Commerce Republican. He calls for Congress to INCREASE SocSec benefits 
RGA continues to prep for what will be tougher  runoff than it should be due to Vitter weakness 
AL GOP Gov. Bentley getting heat from his own party for advocating tax increases. 
CA 2016 ballot could include measure to require background checks for ammunition purchases 
Report: Cuba sends troops to Syria to help Russia and Assad. ( h/t MarcACaputo) 
Provocative read. Not sure of theory but HotlineJosh makes compelling case that Ben Carson is Carter 76. 
Scott Walker pledges that he'll never try and run for POTUS again while serving as governor. Too hard to do both. 
Team Clinton calls on VP to make a decision. Ill ask a  advisor if last nights debate will have any impact, next.  
I caught up with JohnKasich today in New Hampshire as he hit the road to roll-out his policy plans. Watch my interview next on  
On the campus of UNH. No better time to be in NH than October. Can u say foliage 
Always great to be on the campaign trail.  is on the UNH campus. See u at 5pE/2pP on msnbc w/new Sanders and Kasich interviews 
Women4Trump he did. Here's how it works. Either Secret Service forces issue due to threats or a campaign asks. Top tier cands rarely denied 
GOP Rep DeSantis says gerrymandering hurts GOP because it cuts party off from talking to larger swath of voters 
joanwalsh u mean those Drudge polls aren't accurate?  
jasonjwilde this is why Ty needs to be used more. He might be a deep threat 
AnthonyNBCNews realDonaldTrump KatyTurNBC they have spruced up the place since we were there two weeks ago 
If Biden wants to run, today is the best day to let the cat out of the bag. It would step on Clinton post debate victory lap attempt 
If he makes a formal request, Secret Service will likely agree to it. They rarely deny an ask for a top candidate 
First Read: Clinton passes her first October test 
From SmartPolitics : Paul Ryan would be youngest speaker in some 150 years. 
As for Chafee, he simply had one too many awkward moments, with the vote tally excuses being the toughest moments to watch. 
I can't believe I missed so much of Kershaw's "monkey off his back" game.  
Webb had a few moments that were quintessential Webb but most Dems learned more about how he disagrees with the base on a lot of issues 
Not sure O'Malley did anything to change current trajectory of this race. Can't easily see how he differentiates from Clinton or Sanders 
Clinton showed most vulnerability on Wall Street regulation and the flip flop charges. Sanders showed vulnerability on guns amp;foreign policy 
Clinton was easily the most polished and prepped candidate on stage. Wasn't even close. But Sanders isn't going anywhere.  
Can we stop the stats in baseball games that confirm when a team is leading near the end of a game they are likely to win said game. 
By allowing states experiment on marijuana legalization, Clinton is endorsing Obama's look the other way policy on enforcing drug laws 
Phew. (A tweet about a certain other event that I won't yet name yet)  
NKingofDC I have a one word answer for you "Bernie" 
mateagold You need to quote him more accurately "Soo-Per PAHC" 
One thing Clinton has likely done tonight is calm her donors. She clearly prepared. Of course, Benghazi hearing may matter more to them 
Sanders might have an awkward debating style but he isn't doing anything to hurt himself with his base.  
So, basically, Chafee says any Senate votes that are 90+ in one direction don't really count as being significant to his record?  
morningmoneyben thank you... Totally agree and the candidates weren't done talking about it 
HenryBarbour You referring to the former governor of RI? 
TheFix Don't we all get a "takeover"? 
BobShrum Read that tweet again. Did you ever think "Glass-Stegall" and "unboring" would be in the same tweet? (happen to agree w/you) 
Sanders is giving an interesting rationale for why there should be free college education. The new "high school" diploma, he argues 
Chafee just said what? Didnt know what he was voting for?vthink he was searching for either "mulligan" or "do over" but he went w/"takeover" 
Webb has GOT to stop sounding so whiny about time. Unbecoming  
Wish there had been a follow to Sanders on his pledge that he would not have let the economy collapse. But what would he have done? 
Clinton clearly is sensitive to the flip-flop issue.  
Sanders picks up on Clinton's 'I told Wall Street' to "cut it out" line and calls her naive.  
Sanders is now in his issue zone and seems a tad more comfortable getting into a tussle with Clinton.  
The fact that Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley have ALL changed their rhetoric on "Black Lives Matter" after encountering them on trail 
Sanders, Clinton amp; O'Malley, months ago, all went with the "all lives matter" answer when they first encountered "Black Lives Matter" mvment 
Clinton gets opening to go after Sanders, she takes it (gunsamp; capitalism). Sanders gets opening to go after Clinton; he defends her  
Wonder if Joe Biden is thinking, "I may have to run simply to give Clinton a better debate sparring partner."  
Webb gave most complete answer on the last Q before the commercial break. But not sure primary voters are watching for foreign policy 2night 
Sanders made a funny... and yet he didn't smile! Sanders does seem to sensitive to this Commander in Chief charge  
This is why Webb ran for president, he wanted to push back at Clinton's foreign policy views. He's clearly comfortable w/the topic.  
Clinton just reminded audience that Pres. Obama technically made the Libyan decision. Of course, Clinton was a BIG advocate 
Sanders is just not comfortable talking about foreign policy.  
Wonder if Sanders was slow on the response just now, wondering if he was supposed to respond to Webb and the South China Sea threat. 
Clinton has not shied away from taking digs at her opponents. Sanders seems hesitant to do it. Wonder if that'll change tonight.  
If you wonder whether debate prep matters, just watch Clinton vs the rest of this Dem field tonight. Prepping matters.  
Hmm, interesting decision by Clinton to try and use Obama as a shield on the Iraq War vote issue.  
Jim Gilmore is wishing he decided to run as a Dem, he might have made a debate stage.  
Did we just go from guns to Russia? A little whiplashy 
So, if the NRA decided to endorse a candidate in the Dem primary, would they go with Sanders or Webb? Guessing Webb.  
Wonder if Webb will come to Sanders' defense.  
Now, O'Malley piles on Sanders for the gun manufacturing protection vote. Clinton happily nods.  
Clinton didn't waste time reminding Dems she is to the left of Sanders on at least one issue. Betting Sanders is surprised by her aggression 
Clinton campaign has to be pleased that the "capitalism" and guns issue are the opening issues.  
So Twitter would like to know if everyone has gotten their third person jokes off their Twitter chests 
Brutal way for O'Malley to introduce himself to the country, having to defend his record as mayor of Baltimore.  
So Clinton both took a subtle jab at Sanders over his capitalism answer and then gave him a lifeline 
Clinton's experience on national debate stage just showed itself again. She defined capitalism in a way that Sanders ended up agreeing with 
Pretty tough Q from Cooper on the potential "attack ad" that GOP could write against Sanders. He avoided the specifics.  
Clinton pivoted fairly well on the "progressive v moderate" Q though I'll be curious to hear how she would answer that Q if nominee  
So this isn't a debate yet; It is a series of individuals.  
You can tell Hillary Clinton has done this before; Easily the most poised on stage so far.  
Sanders will want to watch how he plays on TV; there were times it felt like he was yelling. Great for rallies, not good for this stage 
I like the 2 min. opening statements, especially for a FIRST debate. Gives you a decent condensed version of their stump speech.  
Chafee Webb and O'Malley all have given opening statements designed to essentially say "I'm progressive too! Maybe more than THEM!" 
Chafee talks "ethics," Webb starts with money in politics.  
Restraining myself to comment on ties.  
So this debate started at 8:48p, not 8:30p  
So clearly, there is some false advertising going on. This debate has NOT started, you can now resume Mets-Dodgers watching 
The GOPs search for a speaker continues on Capitol Hill. amyewalter and costareports join me for The Lid, next on  
Ill check in with the Clinton and Sanders campaigns to see how they are preparing for their first face off, next on  
DesmondHoward how is this not the prevailing storyline? When I first heard the news, I feared he was ill. Can't believe he just quit his tm 
This means she out raised Rubio for the quarter. 
Joe Maddon would have started Utley and might have even had hit lead off 
Setting aside the debate about the Utley slide, didn't the Dodgers miss an opportunity to get inside the Mets' head by not starting him? 
If Cal Ripken wants to be your manager, isn't it worth at least an interview with him?  
Tough but fair assessment. And he ultimately says what many of us want, we want Golden to succeed 
BenjySarlin Ankara and Brasilia might disagree 
ddkochel keep fighting. Love your spirit. A true inspiration. 
MatthewBerryTMR well Ryan is it for now. But don't "drop" Boehner just yet. He may be a starter for longer whether he likes it or not 
AndrewGripp meetthepress imediaethics my view on polling is "everything in moderation"; too much polling for our own good now 
MatthewBerryTMR so I'm struggling with QB play thanks to Big Ben injury. Can play Bortles or Winston. What say u? This Winston's week? 
BillyCorben no words. No words. 
If you are a coach on the hot seat in college football, the Michigan story only makes that seat hotter. Coaching matters.  
Here's the link for my full BernieSanders interview, including him hinting at a change in one of his gun stances: 
morningmoneyben JohnJHarwood fwiw, Cal Ripken defended slide. Said it was right on edge. Dirty in regular season, competitive in playoffs 
Two minutes to meetthepress.  
Plus the  panel and I will discuss HillaryClinton's flip flop on  Tune in because  it's meetthepress. 
Joining me on meetthepress are Eugene_Robinson kathleenparker nathanlgonzales amp; hughhewitt.  
And here's a preview of my intv w/ BernieSanders. See more on meetthepress this morning. 
EXCLUSIVE: RepDaveBrat amp; RepCharlieDent join me on meetthepress to discuss the chaos inside the House GOP.  
Welcome to Sunday, BernieSanders is on meetthepress this morning for a wide-ranging interview.  
Miami games that end at 1145 and Dodger games that end at 1230 are not so compatible with Sunday mornings. Glad one team won! 
Miami could have quit early in this game and they didn't. Kudos. That said, this isn't acceptable anymore. Enough 
I have no idea how Miami is ahead. But they are.  
One of the best drives of Kaaya's career.  
Miami is lucky to technically be in this game. Miami looks lost and unprepared.  
Cannot believe the coaches decided to try and run out the clock on this half. Where's the fight.  
Good idea to leave Cook wide open. FSU never wants to get him the ball. Great defensive game plan so far. 
A third down in the red zone might as well be the twilight zone for this Miami regime.  
While watching  realize that Dalvin Cook and Joe Yearby were in same high school backfield. 
Can't remember a bigger game for a Miami coach. Let's Go Canes. Road to redemption can start tonight.  
pkcapitol jonallendc deirdrewalshcnn LukeRussert and we have been running McCarthy footage with mkraju cameos 
Best summation of the internal Obama admin Syria/Assad debate. Kerry and Powers want to stay involved v WH/NSC. 
David Brooks makes case that Clinton's TPP flip, while helpful short term, could do long term "trust" damage. 
Looks like the RGA is now taking the LAGOV race more seriously and realizes Vitter is vulnerable in a runoff. 
At my daughter's middle school for parent-teacher conference and I find this campaign poster for 8th grade prez 
jonleehart I use titles or "mr" and "ms" for just about every interview. And if I don't then it is an error 
Last night, just one game between Astros-Yankees was enough. No need to see a rematch. But tonight? One game won't do Cubs-Pirates justice 
RyanLizza and now every GOP candidate has her book, free of charge, thanks to the campaign's earlier stunt this week. 
eldond ctsotsoros I find it amusing that u view the observation as a positive. Truly bizarre 
KenInSoo save your rage for someone else. I'm making an observation, period. Don't let someone else try and claim some conspiracy theory 
RyanKoncar meetthepress I even had a bill belichik reference today 
ctsotsoros it is called an observation. 
HylianTom there have been a lot of odd variances in their party ID splits this cycle. 
Clinton tried consistency with Iraq vote in 2008 and that didn't turn out well. So maybe that was among lessons learned for TPP and labor 
rolling_2 correct. Easier to be against. There isn't a strong organized pro-trade constituency in either party right now 
Can someone state with confidence that TPP can get through this Congress? Seems like both parties have bases singing the anti-trade blues 
Coming out against TPP has all the trappings of Clinton trying to placate labor and keep them from endorsing Sanders 
30 minutes to   HallieJackson KatyTurNBC kwelkernbc jordanjfrasier in the  at 5pET on MSNBC! 
One hour to   ChrisMurphyCT LukeRussert RepPaulRyan MargieOmero and KSoltisAnderson join me at 5pET/4pCT on MSNBC! 
Speaker Boehner will be on Jimmy Fallon tmro, same night as Cee Lo Green. Bet Boehner would like a certain Cee Lo song as his walk out music 
Some questions about whether Rubio is doing enough in Iowa. From embeds VaughnHillyard and DannyEFreeman 
To understand the divide on guns, read this terrific Dchinni piece. 
jeremyadavis theskimm Read it every day! 
California may be the third strongest state for Sanders (at least based on polls I've seen). 
Now this is one harsh primary ad. Primary foe to GOP Rep. Ellmers (NC) "Over the top" doesn't begin to describe. 
Well done intro spot for the VP by the Draft Biden SuperPAC. 
Jeb Bush in Skimm today: "Im an introvert. Introverts have a huge advantage over extroverts. We can create a mission and we can act on it." 
Just 6 mins until  Congress v fantasy football. Hillary v Biden. Russia v Turkey. And the POTUS cand you haven't heard of yet. 
Thank you SteveKornacki for a great Monday kickoff to the MTP Daily week. Welcome to the team. See you Tuesday. 
DickieV JohnetteHoward espnmikes many great coaches have been fired. It's what you learn from the experience that sets up the great ones 
The likely final four for college football is about as obvious as figuring out who the GOP nominee is going to be in 2016. Changes weekly 
Joe Philbin continues to be the best thing going for Al Golden in Miami. The Canes players like their coach. Can same be said for Phins? 
I sat down for an interview w/ PPFA Pres. CecileRichards to talk abt the politics of Planned Parenthood. Watch: 
Coming Up: Fmr. Nat. Security Advisor Stephen Hadley amp; fmr. US Amb. to Russia Michael McFaul join me on  to talk  amp;  
Joining me this Sunday on the  panel are: TheBlazeHotList, RuthMarcus, RichLowry amp; MarkLeibovich. 
And this morning Ive got NEW NBCNews, maristpoll, WSJ numbers from Iowa amp; NH. Tune into meetthepress to see the results. 
Welcome to Sunday: This morning watch my face-to-face interview with realDonaldTrump on meetthepress. 
At least he draws the line on goats. 
AlexDonno 560WQAM CanesFootball don't want to hurt recruiting. So trying to cut back the whining. But. Ugh 
560WQAM AlexDonno CanesFootball I need to hear the pain. Listening on app 
AlCardenasFL_DC Manny_Navarro BillyCorben Miami has more players on NFL rosters than any other school. And yet? Answer is obvious 
pentastich JamilSmith I was surprised by the answer. She implied smaller departments would have hard time complying. 
capitalweather erinruberry good to know. 
amychozick all about Biden 
briankoppelman whether Henley or walsh solos or Eagles, I somehow know all the lyrics. And I can't explain. Not a desert island band for me 
briankoppelman I have this theory that we are all born knowing the words to most Eagles songs whether we like them or not 
erinruberry capitalweather this is a dumb stat for so many reasons, the biggest: they hurricane center ONLY used female names for years 
Manny_Navarro BillyCorben this is exactly how I feel now. I'm tired of complaining. Tired of caring as much as I do. Wish UM cared as much 
carldemaio FlashReport Allan was one of the great gentlemen in California politics. Was always a joy to work and talk with him. 
What's left to say about how Miami consistently stays inconsistent.  
Miami is THIS unprepared after a bye week? Wow. 
On the campaign 2016 front: we have Martin O'Malley on the show plus the latest on $$$ and Cruz v Paul. meetthepress Daily starts now 
We are minutes away from MTP Daily. What is Russia up to? Reports from across the field. And reaction from Rhodes, Powell and Corker 
When is a status quo result interesting? SC Gov Haley overall job rating unchanged even support from GOPers falls. 
FHQ somebody has to go first and it should be a small state 
JoshuaOehler mattyglesias clarified this on yesterday's show, noted rhetoric vs reality with him 
3 mins to our first MTPDaily from our DC HQs. Breaking news out of Afghanistan. Planned Parenthood fight. New 2016 ad spending amp; a lot more 
RichardEngel two Emmys yesterday and the award of a lifetime today Mazel Tov. Enjoy fatherhood, the greatest title you'll ever have 
nickconfessore fwiw, tossing out your financial requirement, virginia is the closest match right now to nation I think. 
RalstonReports nickconfessore um, both states have legalized some great vices. 
RalstonReports nickconfessore colorado's demos more reflective than Nevada imo 
nickconfessore colorado perhaps? 
whitecollarstl Boehner is more likely to choke Cruz before Pelosi 
DavidMDrucker so Dan Snyder is to blame for all of this? Dysfunctional patient zero? 
Why has the disease of Washington dysfunction infected every Washington sports franchise? Can we blame this on Congress and the WH too? 
One thing I'm watching in next three months: is there a large number of GOP retirements from the Boehner ally caucus 
This latest weather forecast talked about a "tropical infusion" for the N.E.... I bet a "tropical infusion" would also be a great cocktail 
EBJunkies chasehughesCSN not a good save. Ugh. 
Perhaps it isn't surprising but the strongest candidate for the WH is not in the race. More on NBCNightlyNews and our new NBC/WSJ poll 
And if you didn't know, MTP Daily can be found on msnbc 5pE/2pP. Or follow meetthepress Set your DVRs or tune in live 
The debut of MTP Daily begins in 8 minutes. Covering a busy day of intl and domestic politics. More Clinton interview amp; new NBC/WSJ numbers 
baseballcrank instapundit BuzzFeedAndrew and Bush used Jerry Brown attacks on Clinton in 92. Bush used Gore attacks on Dukakis in 88 
This Trump tax plan probably would have been a plan Obama could have supported if forced to negotiate with a GOP Congress. 
A rare event when Trump reads from prepared remarks as he is doing today with his tax plan rollout. 
Tougher talk from POTUS in front of UN General Assembly on Putin than perhaps some might have expected. Could set tone for today's 1-on-1 
Um, to the boys in blue in Los Angeles. Can u hurry up and clinch already. Let's not make Dodger history in the wrong way. 
AlexParkerDC these never get old. 
Nationals team chemistry. Ugh 
One of those days on Twitter where folks can't agree who I'm in tank for. See you tomorrow and enjoy the NFL today and Packers tmro 
KlinkhamerSue it is exclusive at the time we conduct it. 
This morning's meetthepress panel: mitchellreports Eugene_Robinson, nytdavidbrooks amp; andrewrsorkin  
Also on  nbcnews Sr. Vatican analyst George Weigel will discuss the Popes historic visit to the US. 
Dont miss my exclusive interview with HillaryClinton on meetthepress this morning.  
I'll also have an exclusive first look at new NBCNews / WSJ numbers on the 2016 race on meetthepress this morning.   
This morning TWO 2016 contenders are on meetthepress -- HillaryClinton and CarlyFiorina.  
ZCarlander lessen. For now. 3 month CR will pass, then new Speaker decides how to fight in December 
Most likely govt funding scenario now. McConnell's 3-month clean CR gets through both chambers. New Speaker in Dec then decides how to fight 
Remember, Boehner always had a majority of support inside the conference. Can conservatives come up with a McCarthy alternative that can win 
Lesson from post-Cantor fallout is that Kevin McCarthy moves fast. If someone else wants this job, they better move now 
Speaker Boehner's office confirms that for the good of the institution and to prevent leadership "turmoil," he will resign at end of Oct 
The Pope waves to those who waited on the East side of the Capitol. 
The Pope prepares to leave the Capitol. 
Pope uses the Golden Rule to push for more openness on immigration and for a defense of life "at every stage of its development" 
The first part of this speech is a powerful call by the Pope for Congress to work together. High minded lecture to cut out the polarization. 
The Pope's Fiat without the Pope, getting into place for the pickup post speech. 
Answer these four questions from TheBudgetGuy and you'll get an idea about shutdown likelihood 
Four years ago, the prevailing wisdom from State was HRC wouldn't stand in way of pipeline approval. Not so now. 
Our special coverage of the Pope's visit to America has begun on MSNBC. Tune in. 
Is it ok to admit that every once in a while, I enjoy the taste of just normal Coke. Not diet or zero but the overly sugary stuff. 
Cruz and Rubio should benefit the most initially from Walker drop, at least on the staff and activist front in IA and NH. 
Obomination1 yes 
And I sat down earlier this week in Detroit with jpmorgan's Jamie Dimon for a wide-ranging intv.   
mariashriver joins us on  with a preview of the ShriverReport's Snapshot Poll that looks into who the complex American Catholic is. 
I'll also have new nbcnews / SurveyMonkey numbers to share about how the candidates did in the GOP debate.   
And realDonaldTrump will join us on meetthepress this morning.   
On meetthepress, I'll talk to RealBenCarson abt faith amp; politics amp; JohnKasich abt his immigrant worker comments. 
Our staff's favorite new thing is the fact that even presidential candidates are getting asked this pressing q "Is Joe Flacco an elite QB" 
To my followers, apologies for my Miami tweet storm. No more tonight. I promise. See you on meetthepress 
Let's go to Butch Davis for analysis after this near debacle. Hmmmm  
Only this iteration of the Miami program could make a win over Nebraska feel like a loss  Sorta relieved but fearing rest of season 
Miami is making Andy Reid seem like a clock management genius  
And now Golden is giving up? Are you serious? Speechless 
Just a total debacle and it is on this coaching staff. Pure and simple. Yes, some questionable officiating. But that's no excuse. 
If Miami loses this game, there better be consequences. Unacceptable  
Only this current iteration of the Miami program could let happen what is happening right now. FINISH!  
Congrats officials, you gave Nebraska a chance. But it doesn't excuse Miami ONCE AGAIN having no 4thq Fire. 
Not sure what is frustrating me more, the horrendous officiating or the sloppy way Miami is finishing. 
These officials need to stop trying to will Nebraska back into this game. Started with the wrong call on the catch.  
These officials have decided to have an agenda here. Ridiculous calls now.  
Very sloppy way for Miami to end this game.  
Let's not fall into the old pattern of not finishing games.  
How many times do we have to fail at the fade before we stop calling it? Hope the answer is 3.  
That's evidence of the ball bouncing our way. Love how the defense is playing today. Aggressive. Dare I say   
Wish they would let Yearby be the primary RB. I like Walton. But Yearby seems like he can get tougher yards.  
Can't finish on these good pash rushes.  keep the foot on the gas offense 
rook429 MarcACaputo Miami native 
cbfowler this game will help bring back the coaching staff skeptics. Time for some national love for Kaaya! 
Best part of that Yearby touchdown, avoiding a red zone play calling situation!  
Real test for Miami coaching staff, proving they don't get out game planned for second half.  
ohnotherancor jeffzeleny agree. Classiest fans I've interacted with. 
loakman true but we've anticipated much of their game plan. Right place right time in many cases. 
Many of us fans have been tough on the D coaching. Let's give credit where it's due. Solid game plan today.  
Big turnover for Miami. Makes up for the last two red zone hiccups.  This game could easily be 28-3 with better play calling 
NoPhotoOps predictable and stupid. 
Two straight red zone trips for Miami where the play calling has been sub par.  
jeffzeleny they don't believe yet. This turnout is a direct result of the frustration. Win today will help. 
jeffzeleny they don't sell it in BigRed I hope! 
Wish Miami had let Yearby carry the ball near the goal line. But no complaints about 17-0  
Welcome to the Brad Kaaya coming out party.  
That's what I'm talking about!  
Got some  over here. Hope to go an entire game without thinking about any "sideline" issues. In Kaaya I trust. 
SeanTrende when you fight the last campaign... this is what happens. 
Can you tell that Miami has more recruits attending this game than any other home game this year? This could be U 
Mitch_Stewart Coach_Riley That wasn't a fair fight. Only time we met where it wasn't. Oregon shd have been in that game in 01/02 
Mitch_Stewart I don't think either one of us can claim we have been relevant in the last 15 years. 
Mitch_Stewart It's weird, I have so many good memories of beating Big Red that I don't get fired up. For Canes, it's a coaching staff game 
jeffzeleny Mitch_Stewart You are at the game... If I wasn't tied up with this day job... I have 4 good tickets for the game!  
Excited about this weekend's lineups... From college football to meetthepress. Miami v Neb. today. Carson, Kasich, Dimon Trump on Sunday 
Am answering Facebook Qs for the rest of the day. Come on over and say hi, or something better (or worse?). 
Yesterday morning, I said to friends, "ya know, if the Nats can win tonight and put together a weekend streak..." and well, they lost. Over 
Has the debate ended yet? 
Jeb will want that Trump hand slap back in a few months 
JillDLawrence amyewalter michaelscherer I am quoting boxing almost great Roberto Duran "No Mas!" 
Proud of my friends jaketapper hughhewitt and DanaBashCNN. It is no easy task. Now, please let the candidates go to the bathroom! 
As for Kasich, he is running a campaign that is assuming the NH GOP electorate exists outside of NH. It's a gamble.   
As for the rest of the field: Not sure Walker, Paul or Huckabee had enough moments to right their ships.   
Carson had a big opportunity tonight and didn't take advantage of it. Perhaps a 3-4 person debate suits him best.   
Trump didn't have a good night. Will it matter? That's another story. feels like the Trump balloon is now leaking air   
Hard to name one winner. Will break it down this way: Carly, Jeb, Christie, Cruz and Rubio all improved their standing.   
On TheLastWord Nicole Wallace put it best, this debate will be known as the one where the establishment struck back.   
AriFleischer same with last debate. He just doesn't get enough at bats 
An APB for Trump Carson and Walker.   
Christie with a strong definition of what "pro-life" means to him. He's had a very good night.   
Great human moment for Jeb on marijuana. And he invoked America's most popular Bush. Mama!   
I think we are one debate away from "impeach Earl Warren" flashbacks but replace Warren with Roberts.   
Interesting answer by Jeb. He criticizes the process his brother used by which Roberts was nominated. But not Roberts.   
Kasich spends a lot of time talking about his time in DC. Not exactly what the GOP electorate seems to be yearning for.   
MotherMaggie209 do u need me to answer that? Guessing you know why 
Feels a little late in the game for Carson to be undecided on a tax plan.   
Why are the Nationals saving their best games for THIS week...  
Rubio just stole a moment from Jeb while hitting Trump re: speaking Spanish.   
Jeb just seems a tad off tonight. Maybe he's pressing; Can't put my finger on it. He just looks uncomfortable.   
HotlineJosh Then as stuartpstevens said everything we think we know about politics is wrong 
Just realized we didn't hear from Carson much during foreign policy portion. Frontrunners need to engage on all topics.   
That foreign policy portion was a reminder that it simply isn't Trump's best subject; may explain why he stayed quiet.   
Pre-debate, I thought simply showing up was going to guarantee a good night for Fiorina. She's more than doing that.   
Jeb just did a LOT of explaining there re: Planned Parenthood, almost too much explaining for this debate stage.   
chrisgeidner well played.... Who's going to defend those talking points, YOU? YOU, Lt. Weinberg? 
Trump never seems to want to interject when the question isn't posed to him.   
Kasich's Iran answer may play well in a general but with GOP primary voters, he likely lost that exchange with Cruz.   
I believe Paul and Trump agree on Syria: both have hinted they would stay out and let the civil war play out.   
Definitely a different Scott Walker at tonight's debate. Seems much more engaged.   
Kasich's Iran answer is one that Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton would have been comfortable giving.   ditto Rand Paul 
That wasn't Cruz's first substantive response was it?   
Didn't take long for the "do or die" candidates to start proving the punditry right on this one.   
Good grief, this is an AWFUL start to the debate. Great TV, I guess... but come on, another attack on someone's looks?   
Trump didn't waste time trolling a candidate but not Jindal, he went after Rand Paul. And, well, he HELPED Paul!   
Christie and Kasich did best with their opening intros weaving in their basic messages 
sidrosenberg yeah, might have skipped that 
BrendanBuck you know who loved a good tan suit 
richgalen FPSantangelo I love FP... He has fun and yet also is great about teaching and explaining nuances of the game. My kids LOVE FP 
Four candidates for an 85 minute debate allows for a lot to get accomplished. Now, how to herd 11 candidates.   
StuPolitics But real Yankee fans don't want to watch this team play in October, do they? 
Whoa... the NRA with a pre-announcement attack ad on Mike Bloomberg who I'm pretty sure is NOT running for president... (yet?) 
That Jindal-Graham exchange on Congress is a great preview of what's coming in in Oct. Re: shutdown threat   
RameshPonnuru i thought it was 50 cents/year over 3 years 
Santorum v Graham isn't a bad warmup act.   
While it may not matter in the long run, Graham is showing why he could have been quite the debater on the big stage if given a chance 
Big whiff for the 2nd tier candidates: not being able to express empathy for arrest of a 14yo. Guessing the top11 candidates taking notes 
Neither Jindal nor Graham show much empathy for the arrest of the 14yo and now they are debating Kim Davis   
Jindal should be thankful Tapper followed up so he could actually address whether a 14yo should have been a suspect.   
Lindsey Graham is now moderating this debate apparently.   
Santorum seems exasperated that he has to repeat himself from a speech no one remembers from 6 months ago; as he did just now on Iraq/Syria 
charlescwcooke topynate you mean the rental car counter clerk anecdote isn't statistically valid? Trouble for some reporters! 
Kasich campaign signals they will NOT be an attacker tonight. 
GE essentially lays blame for moving 500 jobs overseas on Cong. GOPers for not reauthorizing Ex-Im bank. 
jack_kiraly18 blackbeans, rice and chicken... if you must know 
marcorubio always cute when UF and FSU argue about football. Come talk to me when one gets 5 rings.  
And today's meetthepress panel: nytdavidbrooks, Maria_Hinojosa, ron_fournier amp; sarafagen2.  
Has the summer of Trump, turned into the fall of the GOP establishment? TomColeOK04 amp; JimDeMint join me on  
RichardEngel joins me w/ a look at the Syrian refugee crisis amp; we'll talk to the last US Ambassador to Syria.  
I'll also get BernieSanders' take on pressing foreign affairs issues on meetthepress tdy.   
This morning, I sit down for a live, wide-ranging interview with ChrisChristie on meetthepress.  
Good morning fall! A perfect Sunday setup. Politics this morning with meetthepress and the NFL in the afternoon.   
So_lo_travels JSUGamecocks big oops on my part... 
numberfortyfive was tough to find places that even offered the game 
numberfortyfive um, no 
So_lo_travels not knocking... Every school in Florida recruits in Florida as Auburn is finding out 
I want to thank Auburn for making me feel better about Miami's win last night against FAU... 
Just 3 years ago, the Miami Central High backfield consisted of FSU's Dalvin Cook and Miami's Joseph Yearby... Both impressive then and now 
craigmelvin u making a statement about UVA v ND? 
The score finally looks appropriate. But there were some troubling consistencies from last year. Next week is very big for this  team 
It does appear they made some decent adjustments on defense or else FAU simply is gassed.  
chrisfallica Kaaya and "hope" is about all we have left 
samflanagan77 that's not a bad idea. 
chrisfallica it's frustrating and, sadly, familiar. Odd playcalling. Aggressive at wrong times, predictable in red zone. And no D 
I'm not being greedy, I simply want to see Miami man handle non power5 teams again. Just that would be progress 
linusesq will he make Miami great again. 
Two terrible play calling offensive possessions. Same old, same old. This looks like every Miami game over the last 5 years 
This is a coaching staff measuring stick game. As per usual with Miami, plenty of talent on the field.  
So much for the improved defense and defensive schemes.  This crew doesn't have a history of making in game adjustments. 
Daverosenb these refs seem as lost as the broadcast team. Maybe they should fly to L.A. and officiate game from there 
Might as well watch this game on mute. Getting no info. How was that play not reviewed. Where's MikePereira 
TheSilkLaser sure looked like it on that drive. Btw. Twice Crawford has failed to stop a big run from become bigger 
Hope this is cob webs on defense and not the team falling into last year's pattern. Very sloppy that drive.  
Can't wait until Miami is back as a legit power again. Will up the quality of TV coverage and officiating. These officials seem lost 
So frustrating for Miami. 2nd straight game w/weather delay. With this new weather rule, no game in FL will ever go uninterrupted  
michaelriley5 it is a terrible trend. I know there are cost pressures but the point of TV is to bring the viewer there. It sounds sterile 
bradbury1958 I'll call Miami games for free if they want. 
AlexHerbst25 I flipped to that game last night during Pats-Steelers ad breaks and now I know why the announcing sounded weird then 
Haven't watched a lot of football on FoxSports1, do they regularly have folks calling a game from a studio rather than from the game site? 
Nashville elects its first woman mayor. 
Calling Bruce Willis and his team of oil riggers. 
Wait until you read the details. Keystone Kops like caper initiated this mess 
Why on Earth did Matt Williams decide to torture  fans and Storen himself by bringing him in last night. Destructive to psyches 
matthewjdowd and even higher if the parties look like they may settle on Clinton and Bush 
How one Mexican broadcaster is using Trump to hype up the next Mexico-US soccer match. VERY well done 
Weapons from Sherman's march through the South unearthed in Columbia? 
SC GOP Rep. Mulvaney speculating about a vote to "vacate the chair" re: Speaker Boehner. // Folks this is VERY real 
Despite giving up a run, Papelbon still looks more effective than the rest of the pen tonight 
gecomm a good outing but couldn't get to the 7th. That's not insignificant t. Great starters get thru 7 
zestyteich sure he was. Couldn't get to the 7th. Would have been fine if the pen was better 
NKingofDC JohnFeehery Williams helped create the chemistry and psychological problems the pen has 
This game is the Nats season in a nutshell. Disappointing starter followed by bullpen disaster even as team gets enough key hits. 
The gutsy call for Williams is to bring in Papelbon. 
I miss the old way of using closers when they were called "firemen" and they could pitch more than an inning. Bring in Papelbon now 
What part of "just throw strikes" does this bullpen NOT UNDERSTAND!  
At this point, do we even want to see this nightmare of a late inning style in October? Only be more painful for  fans to watch 
The "save" rule should be changed for Nats games. Protecting a six run lead should qualify for this bullpen 
The United angle to this bridge mess is a reminder that once the Feds start investigating, you never know where it'll head. 
So traffic gets shut down on the GW bridge two years ago this week and it is the CEO of United that pays steepest price? 
taylormarsh MSNBC later this month. 
The political research community lost a giant today. I always walked away from a Andy Kohut conversation feeling smarter about politics. RIP 
Simas44 mmurraypolitics maristpoll yes. It is all there 
So there's something new in the open of meetthepress. Tune in to hear the new "voice" of   
This Sunday's panelist JoyAnnReid writes for MSNBC: Will JoeBiden run or not in  
Today's meetthepress roundtable: HughHewitt, DorisKGoodwin, TomBrokaw amp; JoyAnnReid  
This morning on meetthepress, I'll have an exclusive interview with Gen. Colin Powell.  
Solid win by Miami. Different team post rain delay. Really liked the aggressive defense. Finally!  
Not the greatest of starts for Miami. Rough looking 1stQ. Hope it is simply opening day jitters.  
Larry_UMN Go Packers 
HumphreyBogart JoeTrippi If it takes place in Key Largo, I'm in! 
GramBradsworth am I crazy enough to compete with CollegeGameDay? Answer is no. cc: cbfowler 
One of the better explanations of why the establishment GOP candidates are struggling. From daveweigel 
Breaking news!?!?! A potential third string QB didn't make a team? Just shocking! 
If it's Friday... Hosting a Facebook Qamp;A in 11 minutes. Come on over and chime in. 
Only thing missing from this unsanctioned frat is Frank the Tank. 
So good to be watching football that counts tonight. Fun to flip around to so many early Thurs games 
This Sunday on meetthepress, I'll have an exclusive interview with Gen. Colin Powell.  
Manny_Navarro sadly correct. 
Manny_Navarro four losses is the definition of an UNsuccessful season. Hope you are wrong. Golden can't go 0 for against FSU/Clem 
chrislhayes best scenario for Jake, sports writers splitting their Dodger pitcher votes. Kershaw is matching Koufax in season Ks! 
Is there a tougher vote this year than NL Cy Young. Will second best Dodger pitcher (greinke) beat out the best Dodger pitcher (Kershaw) 
Williams and the  are a mess. Went from under reacting to over reacting 
There are times that WH pool duty is a grind (think golf) but today is not one of those days. This Alaska assignment makes me miss the gig 
toppscards tempting. Next time we will take you up on it! 
Hey toppscards we just stopped by the NYC hqs! Sadly, no place to get cards! 
Lwme07 TODAYshow we spent all night 
marybschneider stuartpstevens MarkHalperin goodnewsgoddess as long as someone carries a phone, they carry a tracking device 
danpfeiffer neeratanden point is, he needs this field to stay large. History says it won't 
danpfeiffer neeratanden he has 100 percent name ID and can't break 35. 
rspringertampa non rigged gambling is still gambling 
DanKortebein yup. Next great state budget crisis around country will spark it 
immattryan GottaSayItRadio seriously? 
pastornick it really is silly to pretend daily fantasy isn't gambling 
Now that the NFL and MLB is condoning daily fantasy, isn't it fair to say leagues are now embracing gambling? Explain difference? 
jtuckermartin LaneCBS6 sounds like a Trumpism 
WayneSlater MSNBC and Huckabee used it as a one liner during debates in 07/08 
Today's meetthepress roundtable: mattbai, MHarrisPerry, helenecooper, amp; GOP strategist Steve Schmidt.  
Most significant number explaining the IA GOP results: 75 of GOP caucus goers have a negative view GOPers in Washington. 
trymainelee covered Katrina for the NOLA paper. He went back to revisit his reporting amp; a special woman for  
A little light pre-show reading is the piece Gladwell wrote for The NewYorker on the people who left New Orleans: 
I sat down w/ Malcolm Gladwell to discuss his piece abt the ppl who left NOLA after Katrina. See that today on  
It's been a year since potus announced a new strategy against ISIS. What's working and what's not. I'll check in with RichardEngel. 
And I'm joined this morning by Ambassador brett_mcgurk who is part of the process to devise and carry-out the strategy against ISIS.  
ScottWalker on the  religious liberty, his WI record, new Bucks stadium, this morning on meetthepress. 
This morning on meetthepress, I'm going to take a closer look at how realDonaldTrump is framing the race.  
Just explained to my 8yo what most garden and lawn fertilizer is made from. His response. "Ewwww!!!" 
DelstallDelbert BrandonRittiman cologop we were joking of course. But it really is a shame that CO GOPers are being disenfranchised 
mmurraypolitics good reminder about super delegates. They will go with who wins. They won't stick with a candidate that starts losing 
matthewjdowd ForecasterEnten true. Btw. Our climate is just different. Local poll respondents react more nationally now 
ForecasterEnten matthewjdowd there wasn't as much state polling in 08 but I bet Giuliani led in many of them in 07 
Great reminder that China bashing on the campaign trail is not new. // every new president then pulls back 
FP: Clinton/Obama bundler in Justice Dept. probe. This piece chronicles seedy side of foreign gov't lobbying 
mmurraypolitics AntDeRosa I remember getting a call asking what it was like in that Dean room. And initial reaction was "what scream"? 
vincefrillici Clintons left the DNC in much better shape then than Obama apparently will for 2016 
Hey morningmoneyben, when was the last time a GDP estimate was THIS off? 
Not sure folks realize how unusual it is for the party that controls the WH to be this behind in fundraising. 
RameshPonnuru he ran it, right!?!? Forgot about that 
From what I hear, Gillespie, who is basically the leading GOPer in VA, plans to stay neutral 
Jeb's announcement of his VA co-chairs, which includes Eric Cantor, also interesting for who is NOT on it... ex-Bush 43 aide Ed Gillespie 
TheRevAl welcome to Sundays. Great to have your voice as part of this important day of conversation. 
More details on Biden's conference call with DNC members tomorrow. 
Feeding the Biden buzz further? DNC members have been invited to a phone briefing tmro on Iran where VP Biden will speak 
RuthlessRoc JonahNRO HardcoreHistory I second this. But it is a commitment. 15 hours on WWI. But worth it 
Best decompression news of the day: Packers on NFLN at 1p. Then a great remote day with Nats at 135 and Dodgers at 210.  
greenfield64 what you are implying is that you know exactly what will happen in Dec 2016. 
Introducing this Sunday's meetthepress panel: amigoaguilar, SusanPage, amyewalter, amp; RalstonReports  
Also, I sent  producer joetoohey to talk to realDonaldTrump supporters in Mobile, AL. See what they had to say on meetthepress. 
How do you run against Trump? I'll ask 2 GOP strategists, alexcast amp; Charlie Black, on  this morning. 
I'll talk to GovHowardDean amp; Peter Hart abt the state of Clinton's campaign amp; the possibility of a Biden run.  
JerryBrownGov on Clinton's email controversy -- vampire that needs staking: More on  
August uncertainty: GOP field now accepting reality: Trump here to stay for a while. For Dems: accepting reality that Emails are a problem 
Here's carlyfiorina's take on hillaryclinton: See more on meetthepress this morning. 
UMBrowardAlumni Canes_Wear done! 
LTorbin YahooForde Super70sSports Chiefs I believe was a yellowish color, was the one I always accidentally used. Looked like a reg no2 
YahooForde Super70sSports it had to be an emergency for me to decide to actually break up the set and use one 
KY Dem Rep Yarmuth on Clinton emails:"there is a chance that this could upend her campaign" /Mark him down for Biden? 
murphymike goes public w/ what many had been insinuating, Bush camp sees one Trump upside, he hurts other anti-Jebs 
Surprised WH waited until AFTER they lost Schumer and Menendez to change their Iran talking points. 
Sir Charles for Sir Kasich. 
This should be used as a stupidity test for federal gov't workers, political or non-political. 
rydo76 EdMigs sapp or Kennedy for Emtman. Shockey for Hudson at TE. Irvin for Biletnikoff though don't love that trade 
Toophers didn't love making the case against Rice 
Kenyon19_BR not blind at all. But to have just one Miami player from the 80s 90s or 00s combined is a mistake 
Kenyon19_BR oh. And clinton Portis and Jeremy Shockley all shared touches. Andre J alone at Pitt would have been as dominant 
Kenyon19_BR Santana moss was on the other side. Who was on the other side at Pitt 
Toophers actually. You know who might not belong on this list. Jerry Rice. Obviously greatest of all time in nfl. But college? 
Eddie_Dynamite Hey, I'm also doing an unofficial  right now about Miami getting hosed by these folks! 
Toophers Carter should be on that list; and I'd have him ahead of Larry. Folks forget how talented he was 
zachgeis He is still recruiting great talent, see this year's NFL draft. Now, it's about ON THE FIELD results 
sbprice jayrosen_nyu Of course, I get the barrage effect of all coverage. But to simply chalk this up to media and not voters is naive 
hornfan62 SBNation I wouldn't argue with Vince Young. Just saying Dorsey deserves consideration if Tebow is standardbearer 
JonBlumenthal and so it begins... 
Barber_izm4 Kenyon19_BR In hindsight, Dorsey was the coach on the field of that team; not just the QB 
griffj25 Andre Johnson or Shockey deserve serious consideration 
Toophers Oh, and I think Miami's TEs deserve at least one of the top slots. 
Toophers Sapp or Cortez Kennedy deserve a spot in the top 6 of DTs... And look at Miami's WRs of all time, one belongs in that top 6 
Miami's 2001 roster is perhaps the deepest and best of all time; And only Ed Reed is represented? 
Ryan_Mueller And I can match that list and then some with Miami players (many of whom reside in Canton) 
chrisFnicholson season starts soon... Hope springs eternal.   
theharryshearer Ah, you just picked at one of my peeves... the NYC-centricity of allowing locals to go national 
The lack of Miami players on this list is insulting. 
SBNation why is that even controversial. Of course, I'd argue Ken Dorsey deserves similar treatment. College record is absurdly good 
Domenic_Re another point I make to all the campaigns. Don't be media shy 
brians_neck agreed 
dcosby1975 ok, apology accepted 
dcosby1975 at least fix the typo 
For those blaming media for Trump's staying power, do recall Trump got about the worst media reception, tone wise, than any candidate in 16. 
RevDJEsq greenfield64 the whole thing is sick 
dennisv21 It's the fearlessness that makes him different. The normal laws of how candidates get driven in or out of races don't apply 
mikecgrimes what if field doesn't clear though because they all think Trump will collapse, better to stay in and then 35 is a winning  
For the GOP, when or how does the Trump phenomenon fade and can the rival campaigns expedite it? If so how? 
Two big Qs hang over both WH fields. For Dems: can Biden fund a campaign that is competitive thru June. Not just Feb. 
greenfield64 you made me look. Can't Un see that one.  
Rand Paul plans to FULLY pay for KY prez caucus. Guess will get an answer to the Q if you can "buy" an election. 
Nice to know that we can go a day without the Nationals losing 
danpfeiffer digby56 and a third cast member ran for gov in KY 
matthewjdowd that may also be due to fact that NH GOP electorate could be an outlier compare most states. Even IA 
matthewjdowd the primary gets more nationalized every cycle. The race to poll qualify for first debate reinforced more this cycle 
BFischerMartin joetoohey go big or go home. And everything came with some bacon on top 
Given what today is, Elvis Death Day, it is as good as any to recommend my fav Elvis movie: "When Elvis Meets Nixon". Just trust me 
MarielenaNILC making an insinuation without basis. I've aired these stats in last few weeks. I've gone back no forth on this fact before 
JoeSudbay TUSK81 you cherry picked what I said. Definitely evidence of some crimes, is what I said. Was NOT confirming any rate 
TUSK81 ran those stats on MTP about three weeks ago. 
gwenifill it was painful leaving anything out 
If you are looking for more of my realDonaldTrump interview, the unedited version is here. 
After our sit-down - realDonaldTrump amp; I went on his plane to discuss his new Immigration plan in detail - WATCH: 
From ajjaffe - realDonaldTrump on  It Would Be A 'Miracle' If Hillary Continues Run 
My full extended interview with realDonaldTrump just posted here: - more coming up on  next 
This Nats swoon is simply depressing. And then you realize, they've been mediocre all year. If not for one run in June, they'd be 10 back 
serrano_tx I remember thinking that way. Like a month ago. But the more time I spend talking to voters, it is clear they are VERY restless 
After my three days in IA at the fair and on the trail: I feel like it's time to channel Jerry. 2016 is going to be a long strange trip 
frankthorpNBC IowaSOS IowaStateFair realDonaldTrump RealBenCarson BernieSanders HillaryClinton gold standard of state fair polls! 
wingoz ClaytonESPN RJSzczerba that is one of the best doppelgngers 
anamariecox was it the "meowing" in. Brooklyn accent that gave it away 
PhilipRucker whoa whoa whoa. That is a distinctively Palm Beach look. NOT a Miami look 
michaelcrowley it was a big deal when they added the temperature. 
Jeannestocker meetthepress should be at 1030a on WNBC? Hope you aren't hearing differently! 
greenfield64 our audience will be rewarded for your zen like patience with today's air travel mess. Keep Calm and Carry On? 
May be TV cliche to say, but my sitdown w/ realDonaldTrump was wide ranging. Many issues he's yet to talk about. No stunts. Just substance 
Had ranknfile Dems expressing publicly Friday what Wash Post has today. Something's off 
If Nats go on to win tonight and make playoffs, perhaps we will look back and say Bryce Harper saved the season with that 3run jack 
So the Mets DO remember how to lose. Ugh. Let's see if the  can do a twofer, help themselves and the Dodgers by beating the Giants 
BVGamble DarthShada because it wasn't long ago that both candidates seemed so unaware of the movement. Quick change 
PeterLaBarbera RealBenCarson BookTV just re air? Conducted it over a year ago 
CBSEveningNews SteveCapus OnTheRoadCBS nice click bait. You got me. That's one addiction I do NOT have! 
BDayspring Bencjacobs metal band for sure 
KObradovich MartinOMalley first gun message of the three 
Another way to understand Clinton v Sanders. Their political pitches are essentially idealism vs pragmatism. 
Fixed "lane" "lake" typo or more likely bad autocorrect! 
The big diff between Clinton and Sanders here in Clear Lake: Clinton focus on contrasting w/GOP; Sanders focus on progressive policy vision 
JimHanley8 actually, the trolls are fairly bipartisan. Just depends what item I tweet about 
Sanders, about as close as he'll get to a contrast with Clinton: "I voted against the war in Iraq." Sustained applause. 
FreddyRoo2 msnbc TheHRCSuperVols was serious observation. Campaigns don't do teleprompters often for these events 
Wow. the  movement has certainly had an impact on Clinton and Sanders. Both go out of way to talk about the movement 
Sanders has his own powerful red meat filled riff for this crowd of IA Dems. A unabashed progressive argument you won't hear from others 
Speech important enough for Clinton campaign to make sure they had a TelePrompTer. Clinton wanted to 
Clinton just went into fierce defense over Benghazi and email server attacks. Tells IA Dems it isn't serious just GOP playing politics 
Hillary prepared a red meat speech for a crowd here in Clear Lake that is eating it up. Speech is basically a long contrast with/ GOP field 
Clinton w/tougher Iran rhetoric than POTUS? "We will never let you get a nuclear weapon. Not just for the terms of the agreement. never." 
First issue Clinton talks about is Iran deal. Praises it and calls critics of the deal "people of good faith"; different tone from POTUS 
Clinton praises Snapchat: "I love it, those messages disappear all by themselves." Gets applause and laughs at WingDing event 
Hillary leads her remarks at Wing Ding with announcement/reminder that Harkin endorsed her today. 
jmpalmieri what are you doing at a chain Chinese restaurant in Rhode Island! Perhaps that's what they were fighting about 
Listening to warmup acts for Dem presidentials in Clear Lake amp; you notice, whenever a speaker needs cheap applause line, attack Steve king. 
justindevore when wings mix with politics, it's hard to miss. More wings and politics please! 
Hillary's probs: (real or perceived) creation of DC chatters or something rank n file Dems perceive? Don't miss NBCNightlyNews for answer 
JesseFFerguson wings are a big draw for me 
Clear Lake, Iowa. Among the tributes to Buddy Holly is the street where tonight's Dem wing ding 
Two more points on Gore: he is wealthy now and can self fund at least the start of a campaign. 2) party and gore ideology closer aligned 
youwildman haven't you noticed how rarely we take solo shots like that! 
Sign of the times: an entire food cart at Iowa State Fair dedicated to veggie fried food. 
Taking questions on Facebook; Qamp;A starts in one minute. 
matthewjdowd ron_fournier SSmithNYC NBCNews no. We simply are no long ignoring the multiple ways you have to do surveys now. 
SSmithNYC NBCNews ron_fournier understand the methodology before criticizing. 
For those who want to know more about how the NBC/Survey Monkey methodology. Everything is here. 
jcpolls CheriJacobus CarlBialik trust me. I have been skeptical. This is been rigorously vetted 
jcpolls CheriJacobus Jon has been a professional survey researcher for years. Again, all I ask is you learn about this before assuming. 
CheriJacobus HowardKurtz this is an online panel. This is not like a public survey monkey poll. Same company, but scientifically done. 
CheriJacobus HowardKurtz been testing online panel with them for nearly two years. Not done for expediency. 
CheriJacobus HowardKurtz be sure to know how we have conducted this before disparaging. It is not as you are alleging. Weighted panel 
MattMackowiak yes. As I said on air. Online panel. So scientifically done. Not like drudge or other internet polls. Screened 
I sat down with him yesterday in Miami. Here's a preview: 
Whats next for RealDonaldTrump? Ill talk with him to see how he plans to move fwd after his megynkelly comments. 
First clip of my marcorubio sit down airs on NBCNightlyNews which starts right now. WillieGeist in the chair 
nanplan1 turning? 
Rubio to me on  "If I comment on everything Trump says, my campaign will be consumed by it" // edited a typo 
jmartNYT in wake of Confederate symbol backlash, in June, mmurraypolitics and I asked how long J-J name wd last 
Unbeknownst to all of us charged with covering this campaign, It is possible this is Fellini's final masterpiece. 
gwenifill BrendanBuck MarcACaputo it really is a coin flip. Stone v Trump. Twitter could truly implode if they take their attacks here 
BrendanBuck see MarcACaputo timeline. It is what he's already reporting 
StevenTDennis bazmaniandevil heard he got voice mail 
StevenTDennis bazmaniandevil u are assuming he tried 
greenfield64 in the very first 2008 Dem debate in April of 2007, the prevailing wisdom was that Obama had a lot of work to do 
Biden may end up not running but give him credit for teasing it a bit. Guess where he is vacationing for the next week: South Carolina 
Carson is very polite and isn't someone who pushes his way into conversations. That's great at a dinner party, bad in a debate with 9 alphas 
Christie might have been helped by Paul exchange but strong Kasich performance is not a good development for the NJGov 
Walker didn't do anything poorly but at times he seemed to disappear. Paul came across as almost too eager to combat. 
Cruz didn't get as much on air time but he made the most of it. Don't sleep on Cruz in the conservative bracket. 
Important performances for Rubio and Kasich. Both needed to show they can stand out and they did. Bush had a few stumbles but got stronger 
Jeb arguably just got Trump to acknowledge that Bush's criticism was legitimate on tone. Important moment for Bush 
This is a big moment for Jeb Bush. Let's see how Trump responds 
Jeb Bush being put on defensive on Planned Parenthood. Will be curious if he's asked if he would shut down Gov't over PP funding 
Trump's been Trump. And so far that hasn't hurt him. Will it this time? 
Rubio, Cruz and Huckabee have come across the most polished and comfortable. Bush and Walker are acting like cautious frontrunners 
Our live coverage from team NBC can be found here. 
NolteNC welcome back 
Just one of the 10 candidates on stage tonight has done this before: Mike Huckabee. Don't be surprised if that shows tonight in his favor 
Hello from theQ, PeterAlexander amp; I want to know which GOPer should come on stage doing KingJames powder entrance 
jevaun the anti elite message. Not the messenger 
Guessing Fairfax won't be only school jurisdiction that has this conversation. Scrapping all sports. 
It was about a year ago that this article made the rounds.  
morningmoneyben if it annoys you then it annoys someone. Have a similar issue with my dog. That's our test 
CDewayneHarris the decider are actual political independents. Media spends too much time in red-blue construction and overlooks indies 
HotlineJosh DavidMDrucker ijreview why isn't THIS the lesson for other candidates. Trump doesn't hide from media 
Planned Parenthood amp; the NRA have highest FAV ratings of any org/pol we tested. Indies have net POS feelings on both orgs  
HotlineJosh here a hint. What a party's base thinks is literally half the story. 
HotlineJosh each party's base 
A lot of conventional wisdom about Planned Parenthood and the NRA will be upended a bit when the new NBC/WSJ poll comes out tonight. 
nickconfessore JonahNRO StevenJDuffield "I don't pay attention to polls" 
RyanLizza maggieNYT Biden also was arguably best debater ahead of Obama and Clinton. Biden got to play statesman and stayed above fray 
We'll talk realDonaldTrump, JoeBiden, the first GOP debate, HillaryClinton and more. Tune in.  
The killing of  re-raises questions about race, police recruiting and training. PPDCommish Charles Ramsey will be on  
BillKristol GOP TheDemocrats Reince DWStweets a question u will hear asked this morning 
I sat down with RealBenCarson yesterday. A preview is here and more will air this morning. 
And I welcome the Chairs of the GOP amp; TheDemocrats, Reince amp; DWStweets, to talk state of the presidential race. 
This morning on meetthepress: realDonaldTrump and the debate scramble. He joins me this morning.  
No ordinary sleepy Sunday in August. A big meetthepress planned: 1st look at NBC/WSJ poll, then realDonaldTrump amp; the latest on Biden '16 
If it's Saturday... Your meetthepress preview. Trump and Biden buzz top the 2016 focus with first debate coming up 
CDewayneHarris you sound like some of my colleagues. "too good to check"? 
MichaelRWear ron_fournier you aren't the first to float that idea to me 
Talked to a variety of sources close to BidenWorld, And so far, nothing but cold water being poured on this buzz 
There is a LOT of parsing in here re: Clinton and TPP. She was for a trade deal in theory but not this one yet? 
No doubt Putin's lobbying efforts of Netanyahu on Iran will work.  
ICYMI, DoD Sec. Carter said existing Pentagon policy allows for qualified troops to be armed at recruitment 
Got my son trained well, he is tuned into the most important channel to watch on a July 31st, the MLB network and the trade deadline! 
MannyDarino I ended up at Southwood after Sunset Park. Great and scary  
finnadat TODAYshow MReisNY you are good. Was trying to protect her from social media on this one! 
finnadat that one has made the rounds at the TODAYshow thanks to Killian alum. 
MannyDarino sunset park is filled with great memories for me 
A scary  Thoughts on the vest? No doubt that was courtesy of my late dad 
EBOlady they started polling nationally about two cycles ago 
It was 40 years ago today that Jimmy Hoffa disappeared. The Detroit Free Press has a fascinating look back. 
TheFix danWorthington turn that frown upside down! 
chrislhayes to put it another way, voters take GOV races more seriously than SEN races... Also, local media COVER GOV races more seriously 
geoffgarin fair point. but this early, should any news org be so presumptuous about who will and won't vote? 
chrislhayes correct; but voters usually look at GOV cands in less partisan light as SEN cands. Why blue states elect GOP govs amp; vice versa 
And this Conway ad is an attack on the Obama admin (on issue of coal). // Obama seen as a KY liability w/Dems 
Note in this Conway  ad: no mention of his political party. And the word "conservative" makes it on screen. 
Voter list polling THIS EARLY in a cycle also runs risk of missing a surprise expansion of electorate. Again, see Iowa 08 
One missing fact in this piece: // tight voter list screen is what misled Clinton '08 folks to think they cd win IA 
RGA using Obama card in  not a surprise but it is trickier on health care given popularity of KYKinect. 
HotlineJosh I'm skeptical. Would have preferred Chapman 
secupp thefix cyberdustapp it's the social media app you use to talk to realmarkcuban exclusively, right? 
Do folks realize how much of a juggernaut David Vitter might be for  this year? // money isn't everything, but 
Huckabee talking to AFL-CIO is a reminder that he wants to let some GOPers know he was courting populist base before it was a thing 
Five 2016ers will speak to AFL-CIO this week: four Dems (Clinton/Sanders/Webb/O' Malley) and 1 GOPer: Huckabee 
Would love to know if there is a backstory about why Rickey H was introduced late.  
Can't tell you how much I enjoy the Hall of Fame ceremony and MLB network's coverage. Tough to relegate Greinke's game to the iPad but I am 
LIVE on  Behind the scenes at Meet The Press  
Who's ahead in Iowa amp; New Hampshire? I'll debut new polls from nbcnews amp; maristpoll on meetthepress this morning.   
I'll also talk populism and the types of voters that support Trump with fmr Pres. candidate Pat Buchanan and NicholsUprising 
Its a Meet the Candidates Sunday today - I'm joined by JohnKasich and SenSanders this morning on MeetThePress  
Tdy's meetthepress political panel: telemundo's jdbalart, amyewalter, sarafagen2 amp; ron_fournier.  
How is economic populism affecting the 2016 election? I'll take a look at it on meetthepress w/ PatrickBuchanan amp; NicholsUprising. 
"Either we're in this to fix America or we're in this to get elected." - JohnKasich See more on meetthepress. 
This morning I'll have interviews with both BernieSanders amp; JohnKasich.   
MC_89 Cubs yeah. It was. Check out their feed. They did send hamels a congrats. Dry wit is lost on Twitter 
Yeah. That's the lead, 2 walks Cubs: Dexter Fowler walks twice in loss to  Recap: 
If it's Saturday... Your  preview. Exclusive new IA/NH polls and 1-on-1s w/Sanders and Kasich. 
Hamels' last start as a Phillie? Don't miss it now.  
daveweigel that's the first time I've heard admit he is only "really good" at something. Admits he is not the best? 
richardmskinner voxdotcom exactly. Detroit was the country's "Silicon Valley" from about 1910 to 1970 
voxdotcom richardmskinner great gif. Fun to focus on one city. Being in Detroit today, I focused there. Shows up in 1910, gone by 2010 
ron_fournier you are a gluten for punishment 
samrhall Bencjacobs is he pro gluten 
daveweigel Trump as the "Music Man" 
Same can be said for Nationals. Both teams need the Reds' Chapman. 
owillis fwiw, I'm having him on as part of a Trump segment. Trump 2015 and Buchanan 1992 share a lot of similarities on issues 
JohnJHarwood TheRickWilson you will regret asking for that definition. Censors alert 
For the purposes of the Nats, am happy to have participated in the Liriano jinx 
Two interesting pitchers dealing tonight. Liriano and Kershaw. Worth watching both games right about now.  
Come on over to our Facebook page. Doing a 2016 Qamp;A right now. 
EBOlady thanks. Nice to have editorial noticed. 
This is TECHNICALLY an Onion article...TECHNICALLY. 
scorpio5053 point I just made on NBCNightlyNews the GOP rivals all fear this 
These VERY early Chamber SEN spots about establishing specific general elex profiles. Note the use of independent 
U.S. Chamber responding to Trump for McCain? // No, its for his Senate race.  
Didn't know "doxxed" until today. Anyone have Safire-esque history of word? 
Not sure Obama admin doing "defiant" style of selling Iran deal to Cong is wisest tactic. Accepting skepticism cd get them fairer hearing 
It's safe to say Trump will utter what most believe should stay as thought bubbles. Explains both his appeal and struggle for credibility 
richarddeitsch jayrosen_nyu it is my biggest beef with modern media criticism. Focuses exclusively on MSM, doesn't scrutinize new media 
richarddeitsch jayrosen_nyu this assumes the press acts as one. Traditional media has covered him one way but newer media another 
EWErickson but how do you really feel? 
RyanLizza and he may actually write some of them himself. 
Wow. No respect for Miami by ACC media. Picked 3rd in Coastal. Hope this motivates. Tired of losing  
LIVE on  Behind the scenes at Meet The Press  
LIVE on  Behind the scenes at Meet The Press  
LIVE on  Behind the scenes at Meet The Press.  
Today's meetthepress panel: mitchellreports, tomfriedman, dpletka and GovRichardson.    
I did a deep dive into the immigration debate w/ JoaquinCastrotx amp; Raul_Labrador. We'll air part of it today.  
I also did a longer intv with GovernorPerry ytdy where we covered border security, campaign $$, amp; the boyscouts. 
GovernorPerry joins me live on meetthepress. I'll get his take on realDonaldTrump's comments abt SenJohnMcCain. 
Also, SenTomCotton joins me on meetthepress. He's a vocal critics of the  I'll talk to him live. 
U.S. amp; world leaders are trying to sell the  I talk to both David_Cameron amp; JohnKerry on  today. 
I'll talk to billhaslem amp; fmr counter-terrorism official Mike Leiter abt the investigation into the TN massacre. 
And folks wonder why the Dodgers are rumored to want Chapman from the Reds so badly. Nats can hit nonKershaw Dodger pitching 
JPTooley NBCNews I get the message loud and clear. It is the messenger that's struggling 
stephenfhayes: "fact-checking Donald Trump is like picking up after a dog w/diarrhea; theres just not much point" 
It was never a matter of "if" but "when" re: Trump. How many candidates today are now wishing they had been more forceful weeks ago? 
Keethers I think he thought he was threading the needle? I don't know. Wasn't subtle 
MannAtlanta the analysis is based on reporting. Thanks for asking 
For someone who said he didn't want to comment on a potential criminal or civil case, POTUS wasn't shy about describing Cosby as a rapist 
Where's Hans Blix? Asking for a friend 
WH may want this debate about the deal to be GOP vs POTUS because some see it as their best way to rally skeptical Dems to their side 
The WH just signaled its support for this short-term House GOP transportation funding compromise. 
Little candidate that could? Santorum doing what he did 4 years ago, town-by-town IA campaigning. 14 IA events in next 48 hours. 
jimgeraghty brett_mcgurk "so do you dr jones. So do you" 
That feeling when your son is more excited for the All-Star Game than you are. It is kinda cool. Fun to watch 
TheJeffGoldman don't assume the magic number is 12, could be 13. At least one Senate GOPer (Flake) is seen as a possible yes on this deal 
TheJeffGoldman not at a dozen... about 8-10 are there for sure... working on a definitive "swing" vote list for the next 3-5 
IToldYouMonsoon seen about a half dozen so far... the skeptical Dems have had shorter statements (Warner/Schumer/Blumenthal) for instance 
One "tell" on if a Senate Dem is leaning against Iran deal? Length of statement. Noticed potential "no" voters issued short terse releases 
DadofLads yes we will be. For all the candidates 
Today's   The Midwest advantage ScottWalker MIGHT have. Here's a preview: 
Joining me on the meetthepress panel are DorisKGoodwin, mattbai, arthurbrooks amp; Maria_Hinojosa.  
 nuclear talks continue past the deadline. SenBobCorker is on to discuss what kind of deal Congress can accept. 
Take a look at nationaljournal's timeline of gov hacks in prep for my intv w/ fmr. Dir of Ops for US Cyber Command: 
And on  today: realDonaldTrump vs. realDonaldTrump. What he's said in the past and what he's saying now. 
Today, SC Gov. nikkihaley joins me on  to discuss next steps now that the Confederate flag has been removed. 
MajorCBS Kurkjian_ESPN Buster_ESPN ESPN_ReceDavis I miss the old home run derby tv show. 
SteveDeaceShow probably why McCain didn't mention Trump by name, fear he would help him. 
McCain puts out lengthy statement on the "current debate on illegal immigration." Doesn't mention Trump by name but condemns the "circus" 
Christie's first TV ad. // illusion he's giving straight talk but doesn't actually address a single issue 
Big moment for SC Gov Haley. Impressive to have the ex-Govs surrounding her. Well orchestrated. Haley moving up the GOP 16 short list 
CaptainSRogers Patrick Murphy. SoFla congressman who beat Alan West 
Grayson's entry could motivate more GOPers to take 2nd look at  Hard to find many serious FLDems who think Grayson can win general 
DSCC issues morning  release that reaffirms their endorsement of Patrick Murphy. They do not mention Grayson by name. 
romenesko above my pay grade. Ask Universal 
A new front in the immigration wars? 
From JonahNRO. The wacky uncle Trump comparison 
When political attacks are accurate. Bush and Clinton have been immigration flip-floppers. 
We're all just a bunch of minions today at  
zach_baylor not sure you got the context of what I said. But Twitter and context don't go hand in hand. 
jpodhoretz so who are the bulls and who is the matador? 
RichardEngel, mitchellreports amp; kwelkernbc join me to talk  Iran talks, amp; domestic terror threats this morning on meetthepress. 
GregPhilippi agreed. Easily can look like a double standard 
The 2016 campaign continues w/ even more candidates jumping in. thefix, carolynryan, kathleenparker, MichaelSteele amp; I will discuss. 
Here is the link to the IL Redistricting reform story. 
Redistricting reform could be on IL ballot in 2016. How many other states will join now that commissions are Constitutional 
And I'll sit down w/ tanehisicoates, who has a fascinating new book out about race told through the lens of a dad writing to his son.  
Coming up on meetthepress, watch my intv w/ tedcruz. Here's a preview:  
EdMorrissey I don't know. Why would their comms team push that? Fancy shoes? 
Today's Wash Post includes this detail about Clinton in a NH parade: wearing "navy Salvatore Ferragamo patent leather flats." Fair? 
See more from my interview with tedcruz Sunday on meetthepress. 
stuartpstevens JeromeElam so they don't have a double coupon plan? 
Am rushing to finish up a bunch work and errands so that I don't miss a Scherzer pitch. He is THAT much fun to watch right now.  
That's a lot of blue in Texas. 
I know he isn't the first to do this, but this is a fun way for Ray Allen to connect w/fans. 
Some very good Cruz questions on our meetthepress Facebook Qamp;A. Will be on for 10 more 
IowaGOPer best Twitter typo of the day. 
thoughtsnprayer Ourand_SBJ ha. 
In sports and politics, when athletes/candidates are complaining about the refs, it usually means they are losing. And it is NEVER becoming 
Very good list. Only movie missing for me is Casablanca. 
I talked to USATODAYsports about AaronRodgers12, marcorubio, amp; Washington's football team. 
ananavarro Timodc you don't pay state or city income tax so they have to get revenue anyway they can 
GOPBlackChick HillaryClinton meetthepress as soon as I can. 
This Sunday's meetthepress political panel: kathleenparker, CharlesOgletree, newtgingrich, amp; michaeledyson. 
This week's  is all about how rural America sees this week's big news: 
And I'll continue to meet the candidates. This week, BobbyJindal joins me on meetthepress. 
The president gave a moving speech Friday in Charleston. We'll discuss how that speech is a part of his legacy.  
Calls to bring down the Confederate Battle Flag grew louder. I'll talk to LindseyGrahamSC on this issue and more. 
And PeteWilliamsNBC will join me on meetthepress, to help us understand many of the moves the Supreme Court made this past week. 
On  a landmark week for progressives. I'll talk to gladlaw's Mary Bonauto abt the  decision. 
If it's Saturday... Your meetthepress preview. 
If you are maxed out on news tonight, then check out MASN and Max out on Scherzer.  
CriderJC no more excuses now! 
Big news day means a super-sized NBCNightlyNews Tune in for a special one hour broadcast. 
This is a moment. Pure and simple. 
The swift changes in same sex marriage and the Confederate Flag issue, both driven by social activism not by elected pols. 
It is two Justices appointed by Republican presidents who are causing various conservative groups angst today. Kennedy and Roberts. 
David Brooks says it's time to rethink the ways Robert E Lee is memorialized in public spaces. 
hodakotb subtle 
OKnox rorycooper my 8yo loves uptown funk. He has no idea who Michelle Pfeiffer is. But he belts out that line 
TimJGraham the other side of the ornament 
Squatting in MarkPotterNBC office before NBCNightlyNews and I find this fantastic "Conch Republic" ornament. 
scgopvalues I'm looking. 
Once again, ideology of a critic drives the definition of the phrase "activist court" or "activist judges." 
Curious if there are any anti-Obamacare conservatives who want to repeal law who think SCOTUS ruled correctly on intent issue 
A 6-3 ruling on health care could de-polarize the issue a tad with the public. Will be curious to see post-ruling reaction. 
davidmwessel jameshohmann will be fascinating fight for the right if Rubio or Jeb is on GOP ticket. Sugar is big in FL 
What's making Clinton camp smile today? O'Malley's SuperPAC doing their dirty work. Attacking Sanders on guns. 
Does GOP really want to "win" in King v Burwell? Party divided on how to handle fallout if they do. 
Ex-Senate GOP Leaders Lott/Dole pen a love letter of sorts to McConnell. // Implicit shot at Reid 
Betting this is a NC tradition that ends soon. 
Smart piece by perrybaconjr on how the new grassroots civil rights movement has pushed electeds to speak out. 
DoctorLeRoyH soledadobrien Weve heard you. We clearly got it wrong and we are sorry. 
I wrote my take on Father's Day for TODAYshow. It wasn't always my favorite holiday, but it is now: 
Can't ever remember the Nats having a first inning like this. The  certainly fluctuate between hot and cold.  
kbhrchris I don't insert my personal opinion in questioning. Isn't about me. But person being interview. As I noted, half the country does. 
CitizenXTX meetthepress thanks for reading 
kbhrchris huh? Where do u draw this conclusion. Bizarre statement 
The gun violence video we aired on meetthepress has upset some and I felt those comments deserved a response: 
stilljnc meetthepress today was a great example of why social media is important. Inspired us to extend the discussion. 
Thanks to danslepian for sharing the gun violence piece with meetthepress. Watch the full version here: 
In today's   a new nbcnews WSJ poll has some good news in it for both JebBush amp; HillaryClinton. 
And today's meetthepress political panel: nytdavidbrooks, helenecooper, Eugene_Robinson, amp; GeraldFSeib.  
And we have a piece that shows the regret imprisoned men have over picking up a gun and committing murder.  
I'll also be joined by GovMikeHuckabee where we'll discuss his 2016 run as well as the violence in South Carolina. 
Ill be joined on  by the family of Rev. Daniel Simmons Sr, 1 of 9 who died in the horrific church attack. 
Also, Ill speak with Rep. Jim Clyburn (D-SC) about gun violence, race and the confederate flag. 
Happy Father's Day. Some may think this is a Hallmark creation, but it is now my favorite holiday and proudest title. 
By Washington rules, Max was perfect enough. Amazing last 17 innings by Scherzer.  
DerekGCole docrocktex26 as I've said on numerous occasions this morning on numerous outlets. 
docrocktex26 not sure where you are getting this. I've been saying from the beginning this is about race. U may only have cherry picked 
DerekGCole docrocktex26 context was missing in that tweet. Was not an either or. 
Keethers docrocktex26 and I think the attempt to make mental health part of this is nonsense. That seems like a way to avoid race 
docrocktex26 the point was that it is not an either or. It is both 
This might be the strongest interest group candidate questionnaire I've seen. 
JksnBrntt See you Sundays! 
According to mmurraypolitics, Trump still hasn't filed statement of candidacy with the FEC. To date, every other candidate filed same day 
Gingkogirl1 TODAYshow thanks for reading it. Everyone deals with loss differently. Maybe this story helps someone 
Bizarre state party soap opera in CO GOP 
photowolfTV no worries. All good and all safe! 
Gumlegs SeeTac7 grammar and Twitter don't comfortably go together. 
WaldoWilbur maybe emails are more expensive? 
gopfashionista Fiorina didn't talk about CNN, only Fox in her email 
When reading the Annenberg critiques of the debate process, it seems their biggest gripes are w/primary debate process tho they don't say it 
Oddest idea from Annenberg, use a "chess clock model" for the candidates. They couldn't agree on a third party standard for inclusion. 
Annenberg wants the GENERAL election debate process to change. Their recommendations here. 
New Fiorina email fundraising ploy: use Fox debate criteria. "Will you make a donation of $13 today to help me get on that debate stage?" 
"Carly for America" as a SuperPAC name is a non-starter... BUT, "C.A.R.L.Y. for America" passes FEC muster! 
NOT an Onion story. Actually how the legalities of our campaign finance system works. 
donaldnewm interesting comparisons 
Stayin alive. Phew. I think I'd rather face the Gators once than hope to beat them twice. So, Go    
PhilipRucker Timodc in Miami, that's called normal. 
DaBearded0ne TheFix it wasn't just that line. 
Both Clinton and Bush seemed to have Rubio on their mind (or in their head?) at different points during their announcements. 
briankoppelman I see you've learned what political trolls can do to a timeline. 
SNL's "Ross Perot" pledged in 1992 that if he produced less than 3 growth, he'd go unpaid. If 4, tho, $20B. 
Not one  reference? 
dangillmor I'm at my third gate for the same flight.  
costareports mateagold if filing the disclosure form is part of the criteria, then a memo doesn't suffice. 
dmartosko costareports mateagold will be fascinating to see if he files the legal form 
dangillmor I am feeling your pain today. Walking the halls of ORD 
costareports mateagold why not use the federal form to disclose if the detail is ready. Two birds in one. 
TheFix GRRM so the answer is Dani 
Jeb may downplay Bush name, but worth noting Bush fam consistency on selling conservatism: "kinder, gentler" "compassionate" "Jeb's heart" 
Did I dream the death of Jon Snow? I sure hope so because he was my bet to be on the Iron Throne.  
Deggans so the dinosaurs aren't real?  
Etai_Mizrav thanks for this critique. Trying to experiment with different graphic looks. This works well on digital. worried about tv side 
rollnrye fantastic question. Can't wait to ask POTUS and Ryan and other supporters to TAA 
Former BarackObama COS Bill Daley sits down to talk about the Presidents dealings with congress today on  
Are candidates listening to which issues matter most to voters? Find out in the  
After a week of criticism on the presidents approach to ISIS, I'll talk to brett_mcgurk who is Obama's point person on the ground in Iraq. 
Shout out to gwtweets, GSPMgwu and  students who are livetweeting meetthepress in the building! 
MittRomney joins me to talk abt future of the GOP after hosting a summit this wknd in UT w/ presidential hopefuls. 
Were talking Dynasties this morning. Can HillaryClinton and JebBush avoid being defined by their last names?  
Im looking forward to sitting down with JohnPodesta, Chair of the HillaryClinton presidential campaign to talk strategy and more.  
sjptesta headed to bed now! 
VETERANUSA1 second most. Chafee was tops 
So who do you think spent the most time on foreign affairs in their presidential announcement? It's NOT who you think 
dennisyedwab don't disagree. Too many of my colleagues UNDERRATE the importance of these speeches. (some campaigns too) 
So here's a meetthepress sneak peak of our detailed breakdown of issue focus for every prez announcement to date. 
Presidential announcements are the best guide to telling voters how they'd govern and what they care about. 
Didn't take long for the Rubio camp to use the "Yesterday" shot by Clinton for their own video. 
Poor Linc Chafee, DSCC fundraising email using the presidentials as click bait, excludes him. 
Clever reference to her age re: "youngest woman president" 
Alasscan_ why do assume that was negative. It was a clinical observation. 
Clinton has referenced her time in the Senate more than she has her time as Sec/State. 
This Clinton speech feels more like a State of the Union and less like an announcement. 
vplus jaketapper I can't get away with the cheap stuff for Jake 
NAFTA got through a Dem Congress in 1993... TPA can't get through a GOP Congress in 2015. Biggest change? Primary threats more real today? 
MichaelRWarren the real point I was making. Some folks read tweets too literally 
A drubbing... What would have happened had POTUS NOT personally pressed the Congressional flesh yesterday and today? 
BillyCorben Haven't been to Westland Mall in a while. Still exist? 
BillyCorben Uber_Miami It's how I feel about Aventura or N. MIami Beach! North Dade snob! 
WH thought it had Pelosi... Wow 
The IA GOP is going to miss the festive nature of the event. If they could re-create it w/o results, it would be a good event 
The IA straw poll's death started when the party tried too hard to make the results legit (see 1995 and Phil Gramm). 
Wow. murphymike trolling RandPaul while sitting next to him on plane. It is quite entertaining. Paul usually enjoys a good troll 
The fact that a POTUS visit to the Hill is still considered rare in year 7 is a reminder of just how much admin has struggled managing Cong 
Dawgfan my dear in replying at all is that it confirms the number 
Just got a spam text, advertising some discount sunglasses. Please say this isn't going to become a thing? Do we need a text spam folder? 
A new "spin" on harassment. "Too personal of an encounter" is what the soon-to-be ex-acting Akron mayor called it. 
The key to winning national elections is a recipe for principled gridlock. Discuss. 
shannonreeves no more pre emptions for the rest of the year! 
ralphgot brianstelter meetthepress msnbc good suggestion. This was a pre emption agreed to before my tenure. Diff policy going forward 
Step one in the Miami sports comeback is Canes Baseball to Omaha.  
johnmanuelba BaseballTitans who btw while being the host team are having to be "away" for all the games apparently. Again. The bracket 
jayrosen_nyu it is pervasive in every company I've worked for in every dept. 
jayrosen_nyu I call it "been there done that" disease. Way too many folks in my biz have it. Sometimes I let it infect me. I try to fix 
johnmanuelba BaseballTitans the bracket is the bracket. 
DavidCornDC I still want to know what boat the giant got in or will he just walk to Kings Landing 
MSalasBlair LindseyGrahamSC GOP it is called a follow up question based on what he initially said. 
SenBlumenthal SenJohnMcCain great to hear. Can't believe mlb has to be forced to do this. 
After learning Caitlyn Jenner drew inspiration from Lewinsky, means Jenner connects 3 big cultural stories of last 25yrs: OJ, Monica amp; her 
ThePlumLineGS we should expect it of all running for office 
ThePlumLineGS EricBoehlert jayrosen_nyu irony is media critics hate when some in media paint pols with a broad brush 
ThePlumLineGS EricBoehlert jayrosen_nyu I never claim to speak for all media but media critics like to lump everyone together 
EricBoehlert jayrosen_nyu I didn't know advocating for more public access to a candidate for president was anti voter. 
maggieNYT GlennThrush is it ever a substance problem for any elected ever? It's ALWAYS a PR problem.  
ToddO243 thanks for the correction. Just ludicrous. I pay for MASN via my directv sub so I'm not hurting the Nats revenue. Just dumb 
AJGearhart we have Orioles and Nats blacked out on mobile devices in the DC area 
AJGearhart wow. All of those teams claim Vegas? 
koreyyoung MLB I do. Which is why I get. But my son would like to watch the Nats when I let him use a mobile device. 
ksjohnson99 amazing how these hot prospects perform right away 
Charlieflyer49 based on my feed. We aren't alone. Lots of "jerry gallo's dead" replies! 
Now that NFL has gotten rid of its arcane blackout rules, how about mlb? I subscribe to At Bat amp;Xtra Innings and can't watch Nats on mobile 
ksjohnson99 I have way too many fantasy teams. 
So Rangers fans, are you sure this new rookie is "Joey Gallo" and not "Joey Callow"?  
More of my interview with the newest GOP prez candidate, Lindsey Graham. On Iraq, climate change and impeachment. 
I spent the day in NH with LindseyGrahamSC. See the story tonight on NBCNightlyNews and more online already. 
First NH stop for Lindsey Graham at a diner in Derry. Will be sitting down with him later today for NBCNightlyNews 
ezraklein this has been the case all year. Whether in national polls or swing state surveys. He over performs with indies 
After hinting he might support House NSA bill on meetthepress, Sanders decided to vote no. Can't let Paul outflank him w/young NH indies? 
randOmouz TheFix u may be right. The debates are THE incentive for some of these candidates 
LukeRussert woodruffbets and what McConnell was in favor of in the late 90s during McCain-Feingold debate 
TheFix the fact that this is turning into bracketology shows that a national poll criteria is not good for the process 
BillyCorben I'll take blowout. No drama in this one please.  For every Miami baseball championship, football one was close behind 
struble_eric the irony of your tweet critique is it falls into between two attacks from the right about same program. 
Thank you BillyCorben for NOT going to tonight's Canes game at the Light. Miami scores four runs in 1st inning. 
ErikWemple DylanByers why I will always fight to be president of the adamnagourney fan club. We all need to reminded of sourcing nonsense 
Clinton campaign clearly wants to create a Roosevelt connection (either FDR or Eleanor) but that comes with some cost too. Dynasty reminder 
davesmith3 curtisbeast Grantland33 that was a fascinating read. Agree on his conclusion 
Today's   With NE outlawing the death penalty, we explore the country's mood on the practice. 
Finally, Rand Paul + Photoshop + flames = the recipe for one of the strangest political ads ever.  
Our  panel: hardball_chris, mkraju, amyewalter and sarafagen2.  
Also yesterday, I talked to mitchellbaker of mozilla about the tech world take on the NSA fight. Watch: 
And, as Congress debates the NSA, Nuala OConnor privacymama) of the Center for Democracy and Technology will join me.  
Plus, will the Buckeye State governor jump in to the GOP fray? JohnKasich is back to talk 2016.  
And Ill talk to the 2012 GOP runner-up, RickSantorum, about the NSA battle, same-sex marriage amp; more.  
I'll talk to SenSanders abt the Dem field amp; why hes a bigger threat to Hillary Clinton than you might think.  
As the 2016 field expands, Ill talk to 2 candidates: SenSanders amp; RickSantorum and one potential JohnKasich.  
Also on meetthepress: the latest on Sec. JohnKerry, who broke his leg in a bike accident in France. 
Former Virginia Rep. Tom Davis (R) will join me to discuss the aftermath of the shocking revelations about fmr. Speaker Dennis Hastert.  
Ill be joined by PeteWilliamsNBC. Hell have an update on the newest information surrounding the Dennis Hastert case.  
Today on meetthepress, we remember Beau Biden, Iraq War vet, fmr DE AG amp; son of VP, who passed away yesterday. 
For many of you, meetthepress starts in 15 minutes. For others, double check that you have DVR set. 
To spend time anywhere near the Biden family is to know how tight knit of a unit they are. And Beau and his dad were inseparable. RIP Beau 
ScottSalomon meetthepress CanesBaseball I've been watching. This team seems special.  
If it's Saturday... Your meetthepress preview: Sanders, Kasich, Santorum; Tom Davis on Hastert and the NSA showdown 
Flying Mad Men. MT airlinewriter: Here's how united pitched men-only flights (w/stewardesses) from 1953 to 1970: 
sidrosenberg where's the sickle (kidding) 
Jamieblog wish I were at he game. Still cynergy 
jcarp4626 velocity is there though. 
Baseball pal of mine thinks Strasburg is tipping his pitches. Thoughts?  
Every time I hear "Sepp Blatter" I think it's some painful surgical procedure 
What's your theory as to why the GOP field keeps getting bigger? I've offered 6 potential explanations 
HougenJ more likely than we have seen in a generation. At a minimum, I think primary season ends w/o a Cand w/enuff delegates 
HougenJ NBCNightlyNews only Romney won more GOP votes in 2012. 
JayCostTWS NBCNightlyNews always punch up! 
Busy day on the  trail. Santorum gets in. Carly v Hillary in SC and Jindal v Paul in cyber land. More on NBCNightlyNews in mins. 
Spof22 we were pre-empted. Back next Sunday 
tomsherwood isn't this one of the great reasons to live in DC? I find myself discovering things like this and smile. Hidden history 
With Coke re using "I'd like to buy the world a Coke" at tonight's Nats game, Q I have: weee Mad Men fans duped into a 7year ad campaign 
AaronNagler top 3 sports rants. The other two: "Playoffs?!?!" and Mora and "practice practice?!" by AIverson 
schmeez_ I hated tweeting it 
Sometimes teams are who they have always been come playoff time.    "they are who we thought they were!" 
Finally, in  the panel discusses Hillary Clintons aversion to media questions, and takes a look at at Mitt Romney's boxing debut. 
Inside the meetthepress  Rise of the religious nones. Will the religiously unaffiliated be a force? 
Our meetthepress this AM: DavidAxelrod, HeleneCooper, sarafagen2 and TomFriedman.  
Plus, Jeb's struggle to answer the Iraq question. The panel discusses. Review his answers: 
Ill intv Sen. CoryBooker on the future of transportation and how he assessed his ability to be disruptive in the senate meetthepress  
Also, tomcostellonbc will join us from Philadelphia to discuss the latest in the aftermath of   
Pre-MTP reading: meetthepress panelist helenecoopers piece on the  raid in Syria 
And this morning on meetthepress, richardengel on the U.S. raid against ISIS in Syria amp; the fighting in Iraq. 
RandPaul on jebbush, hillaryclinton and whether he would shut down the NSA. This morning on meetthepress.  
RBRNet1 don't put quote marks around something I never said or even implied. 
JDoran23 TheFix strong contender. What about worst sequels not featuring Chevy chase 
TheFix it's the gap between good and bad that makes Fletch Lives so high on that worst sequel list. 
Headed to NBCNightlyNews to talk JebBush and the GOP field. 
There are other Iraq related questions that all 2016ers should answer. JillDLawrence has some good ones 
Remember the Kansas tax issue from 2014? Well, it appears to plug a deficit hole, they will raise their sales tax 
rickhirsch you guys always killed us in academics. We'd only get our revenge on the sports fields 
mattklewis mmurraypolitics a huge development if a large chunk of the GOP field now echoes the Iraq Dem position of 2008 
A new TV ad pushing marijuana decriminalization in TX. It's a legis fight, not a referendum. 
Wonder if the NFL pondered a 1 game suspension of Brady but having that 1 game be his next playoff game? 
So OH, FL, NV, AZ could all be presidential battleground states with marijuana inits on 2016 ballot too. 
John_16_2 meetthepress dude. Get a sense of humor. Campaign has one. 
