text 
How the delegate rules actually help Trump: 
How the GOP rules will help Trump get elected on the first ballot: 
2016 turnout might be very high - just with more people voting against than for someone 
Our 2016 Governors race ratings: 
We moved  and  from Solid R to Likely R. Our latest ratings chart: 
Economic blues define the campaign. CharlieCookDC's latest: 
This is the chart to follow after the primaries. Our latest 2016 Electoral College ratings: 
What's next for Clinton and Trump? 
What's next for Clinton and Trump? amyewalter's latest: 
Trump and Clinton got their groove back on Tuesday. What's 
Top Democratic recruit moves  to Lean R: 
Independent voters have a rather complicated view of HillaryClinton: 
CharlieCookDC: The first ballot in Cleveland is a do-or-die situation for Trump  and the latter is more likely. 
Dems need 5 seats to take back the majority. Our latest race ratings: 
realDonaldTrump may get outsmarted on dels/floor votes, but he's run circles around his opponents on the PR front: 
New House race ratings chart - changes in      
Its hard to see how Cruz or Trump would have capacity to unite the GOP after such a serious convention battle: 
Will the GOP delegates prize rules over PR? amyewalters latest: 
African American voters are the overlooked key to 2016: 
Why the electability argument isnt working : 
Demographics don't guarantee a Democratic White House: 
CharlieCookDC: Itll be Cruz or Trump, like it or not - 
Our latest House race ratings: 
The two most pivotal states left on the GOP's calendar - Indiana and California 
Top Dem recruits prompt ratings changes in  and  Latest race ratings: 
Cruz's win in WI lowered the odds that Trump will capture the 1,237 he needs: 
New York will be Trumps Waterloo: 
While Cruz and Sanders are pointing to Wisconsin as the turning point, its more likely to be more of an outlier: 
What we learned from Wisconsin. amyewalter's latest: 
Dems need 5 seats to take back the majority. Our latest race ratings: 
Overall the issue of electability is less important than any other issue offered to GOP voters: 
Here comes the political ad tsunamI: 
Since March 1st, Trump has won the electability vote in all but Ohio: 
Libertarians could shatter their record this year: 
Overall the issue of electability is less important than any other issue offered to GOP voters: 
Why the electability argument isnt working: 
Since March 1st, Trump has won the electability vote in all but Ohio: 
Why the electability argument isnt working - amyewalter's latest: 
In certain markets this fall, 40-50 of all ad time could go to political advertisers: 
What a two-front war to deny Trump the nomination could look like: 
The Cook Political Report is now on Apple News! Follow us here: 
CharlieCookDC: Loud footsteps upstairs in the presidential race could easily shake the Senate races below 
Trump is still below his delegate "target" to reach 1,237, but just barely: 
Our latest 2016 Senate race ratings: 
Trump is still below his delegate "target" to reach 1,237, but just barely: 
After winning Arizona, HillaryClinton maintains an insurmountable lead over BernieSanders: 
The upcoming calendar is favorable to Trump and other reasons Trump remains on track to capture the nomination: 
Before polls close tonight - this is where the GOP race for delegates stands: 
Why Trump's two-front war for 1,237 will rage until June, and possibly beyond: 
The Trump effect - we shifted 10 districts, all favoring Dems. Latest race ratings: 
Tuesday's results make Clinton's delegate lead all but insurmountable: 
Trump's two-front war for 1,237 will rage until June, and possibly beyond: 
Tuesday's results make Clinton's delegate lead all but insurmountable: 
The Trump effect - we shifted 10 districts, all favoring Dems. Latest race ratings: 
Trump's two-front war for 1,237 will rage until June, and possibly beyond: 
Based on likelihood of Trump/Cruz, we shifted 10 districts. New House Ratings: 
Why realDonaldTrump remains on track to capture the nomination: 
Anti-Trump TV ad spending has grown rapidly since the original Super Tuesday: 
The upcoming calendar is favorable to Trump and other reasons Trump remains on track to capture the nomination: 
amyewalter breaks down the key issues ahead for the next phase of the GOP nomination contest: 
What realDonaldTrump has in common with McCain and Romney: 
Anti-Trump TV ad spending has grown rapidly since the original Super Tuesday: 
What realDonaldTrump has in common with McCain and Romney: 
What realDonaldTrump has in common with McCain and Romney: 
What Donald Trump has in common with McCain and Romney: 
Our latest 2016 Senate race ratings: 
Yes, there is an anti-Trump surge: 
Despite Sanderss Michigan upset, Clinton remains on track to win the Dem nomination: 
realDonaldTrump is still barely "on track" to win 1,237 delegates by June: 
Cruz is the only viable non-Trump left and other things we learned this week: 
Equal pay alone has been the subject of 40 of Clintons ad spots and 41 of her spend: 
Cruz is the only viable non-Trump left and other takeaways from last night's results: 
Tuesday primaries changed everything and nothing at all - amyewalter's latest: 
There's an anti-Trump surge in political advertising: 
Breaking down Donald Trump's success with Southern evangelicals: 
Why there's a very strong chance this year's GOP convention will be contested: 
Anti-Trump advertising likely to account for more than half of all GOP spots on the air this week: 
Yes, there is an anti-Trump surge: 
Our latest 2016 Senate race ratings: 
NEW 2016 Senate ratings: 
Where the GOP race for delegates stands: 
The Clinton team should not be over-confident about facing Trump this fall 
Marco Rubio was Super Tuesday's biggest loser: 
The three R's enabling Trump: 
Going into the  Trump is the only candidate "on track" to win 1,237 delegates: 
Understanding Donald Trumps surprising success with Southern evangelicals: 
realDonaldTrump is far and away in the delegate lead, and he is still "on track" to win 1,237 delegates by June: 
Trump is "on track" to win 1,237 delegates by June. Our latest GOP delegate scorecard: 
NEW delegate charts following Super Tuesday: 
The  movement isnt working and other key takeaways from Super Tuesday: 
The Clinton team should not be over-confident about facing Trump this fall and other takeaways from last night: 
What Super Tuesday means for marcorubio and other takeaways from last night: 
There is no consensus alternative to Trump. Our take on the Super Tuesday results: 
Our four Super Tuesday takeaways: 
amyewalter's Super Tuesday takeaways: 
Trump needs 246 delegates to stay on pace. Follow  w/our delegate trackers: 
Breaking down realDonaldTrump's success with evangelicals: 
keep an eye out for CookPolitical's amyewalter tonight at 11:00PM on PBS.  
amyewalter on  We're about to see a dissolution of the Republican party as it currently stands 
Why realDonaldTrump does well with Southern evangelicals - 
Clinton is on the verge of putting the race away tomorrow: 
The more delegates Cruz wins tomorrow, the greater the odds that neither Rubio nor Trump will win 1,237 delegates: 
Where the race for the Democratic nomination stands before Super Tuesday: 
Our latest GOP delegate scorecard: 
To understand Trumps dominance, look to his 3 most important enablers: reluctance, rationalization and resignation 
Clinton needs 27 delegates and Sanders needs 26 from  to stay on track for the nomination: 
Why realDonaldTrump is doing well with Southern evangelicals - 
Understanding Trumps surprising success with Southern evangelicals: 
Why realDonaldTrump is succeeding (when we all thought he would fail)? 
To understand realDonaldTrumps dominance look to his 3 most important enablers: 
CharlieCookDC: Jeb was like the teenager whose older brother totaled the family car a week before prom 
The three R's enabling Trump: 
To understand realDonaldTrump's dominance look to his 3 tenablers: reluctance, rationalization and resignation 
ICYMI: Our updated GOP scorecard following the  
Our updated GOP delegate tracker following  
If HillaryClinton performs well on March 1, she could effectively clinch the Dem race: 
After this weekend its clear that Clinton, Trump and Rubio look stronger, while Cruz and Sanders look weaker 
What we learned from Nevada and South Carolina last night - amyewalter's latest: 
What to watch for in Nevada and South Carolina this weekend: 
Here are the key storylines to watch for in NV and SC on Saturday night. amyewalter's latest: 
There's a long history of presidents nominating Scotus justices in election years: 
HillaryClinton will win the nomination, but then what? 
ICYMI: Today's standings in the GOP delegate chase, per our latest targets: 
ICYMI: Follow who's ahead with our Democratic delegate scorecard: 
Introducting our new delegate scorecards. HillaryClinton is "on track" for nomination: 
Who's ahead in the GOP race? Introducing our new delegate scorecard: 
What to watch for in tonight's debate: 
HillaryClinton won over heads but not hearts. Our New Hampshire takeaways: 
When the heart beat the head - our big takeaways from the Granite State 
Why the GOP establishment is in a tizzy, CharlieCookDC's latest via nationaljournal: 
Obama won 17-29 year olds by 43 pts. BernieSanders carried young voters by 70. Our guide to making sense of Iowa: 
Ratings change:  moves from Solid R to Lean R following RepRibble's retirement announcement: 
Pop quiz: Which Senate incumbent or candidate running in 2016 has spent the most money on TV so far? 
For realDonaldTrump winning over GOP voters won't be the same as winning a national election. amyewalter's latest: 
Even if Dems swept every single competitive House seat, they would still fall 3 seats short of a majority 
Follow us on Apple News: 
Why even a Democratic landslide wont include most governors: 
GOP lawmakers worry that their nominee could drag them down: 
Where are this cycle's open House races? 
For Clinton, its time to stay cool in Iowa and New Hampshire 
Demographics and delegate arithmetic tell us HillaryClinton doesn't need to be nervous at all: 
The primary is a much steeper mountain for Sanders than many seem to realize. Our latest Democratic delegate math: 
Bernie-mania's barrier: Introducing our Democratic delegate scorecard 
Our 2016 Senate ratings: 
ICYMI: our take on Sunday's debate 
CharlieCookDC: It's worth remembering that 94 of the 2,472 GOP delegates are not from IA, NH, SC, and NV 
If Sanders and Trump supporters show up, it'll be one heck of a race. If not, we'll see a more recognizable primary: 
Following ScottRigell's retirement, we moved  from the Solid R to Likely R column: 
Is BernieSanders '04 Howard Dean or '08 Barack Obama? amyewalter's latest: 
Introducing Redistrict's 2016 delegate scorecard - what each GOP "lane" needs to win: 
The preseason phase of the presidential campaign is officially over. How the race will narrow via CharlieCookDC: 
SteveIsraelNY's retirement moves  to the Toss Up column: 
Dems need 5 seats (4 if they hold the WH) to take back the majority. Our Senate ratings: 
amyewalter's five tables that explain the rise of Trump: 
The fifth debate solidified the standings of Trump, Rubio and Cruz as the top three in the GOP contest: 
Can the HouseGOP make peace with the realities of divided government? 
What mattered (and what didn't) in the last GOP debate of 2015 amyewalter's recap: 
Could Trump lead to an apocalypse for HouseGOP? 
When/will Trump attack Cruz? and other questions we need anwsers to in order to predict what 2016 will look like: 
Four big questions that, when answered, will help us determine who the nominee will be: 
Even if Latino and Asian were to plummet to zero, Dems would still win the Electoral College 283 to 255: 
Cruz's Conservative Conundrum, say that five times fast. The latest from amyewalter 
Why SpeakerRyan's institutional reforms won't make his job any easier: 
The likelihood is getting higher that the race for the GOP nomination will come down to Cruz and Rubio: 
Happy Birthday CharlieCookDC !  
Just 4 Democratic advertisers have been up on TV or radio this month. On the GOP side? 15 
The events in Paris aren't likely to upend the current trajectory of the race. amyewalter's latest: 
The  runoff is Saturday. Our latest race ratings chart: 
Remember the 1990s? New Clinton and Bush books do. Our latest in political books: 
Voters are doing better than they were during the recession, but they're still hurting, not a good climate for Dems: 
Vitters struggles move  to the Lean D column: 
HillaryClinton can't count on the economy 
What do  voters and Walmart Moms tell us about HillaryClinton's 2016 chances? 
 remains a much more competitive race than anyone would have predicted six months ago: 
97 of all GOP broadcast TV ads during the week before the  election tied Conway to Obama: 
Will women make gains in the Senate in 2016? 
The Carly Conundrum: 
Why Democrats are betting on women this cycle: 
It's not a coincidence that so many women are running in 2016's top-tier Senate races: 
What's behind Fiorina's rapidly dropping poll numbers? 
CarlyFiorina has a deep base of goodwill, so why isn't it showing up in the polls? 
Why the GOPs primary rules might doom Carson, Cruz And Trump: 
In search of the anti-politician: 
Today is Election Day for  and  Our latest Governors Race Ratings: 
As of today Carson and Rubio are the only GOP candidates paying for TV/radio ad time: 
amyewalter on where the race to be the leader of the free world stands today: 
Since WWII nearly every Republican House leader left his position due to dissatisfaction within his conference: 
Cant wait for 2016? There are over 500 elections in 2015 (sort of): 
Our latest 2015/2016 Governors RaceRatings: 
Five lessons the next president can apply to the first year: POTUS2017 
Our takeaways from last night's  
It's a new campaign but HillaryClinton's primary coalition looks almost identical to '08: 
 moved to a toss up following Maggie_Hassan's announcment. Our latest race ratings: 
How do primary voters see the candidates: 
The politics of presidential debate locations: 
Our latest 2016 Senate race ratings: 
What does the rise of Trump and fall of Walker mean for the GOP? 
The behavior of southern reps is an example of how the more things change, the more they stay the same: 
House leaders southern problem both then and now: 
Pontifex may be just about to arrive in the US, but he has been a presence on the campaign trail since late June: 
Hillary and Jeb wont win a sprint, but they can suffer through a marathon: 
amyewalter's latest featuring Hillary Clinton, Jeb Bush, and Death Cab for Cutie: 
What we learned from last night's GOP Debate: 
ICYMI: We're keeping  in the Lean R column following CongressmanDan's retirement: 
Gridlock might not be the best outcome, but it's better than letting the other side win. Why Washington won't work: 
CharlieCookDC's overview of the Democratic presidential nomination contest: 
Bernie Sanders and the Democrats are not Jeremy Corbyn and Labour: 
"Something profound is happening in the usually staid and orderly party" - CharlieCookDC 
Do the so-called fundamentals we've all taken as political Gospel no longer apply? 
Before Fox and MSNBC, there was Buckley-Vidal. Introducing our new political books column: 
Latest 2015/2016 Governors Race Ratings: 
CharlieCookDC's post-Labor Day curtain raiser on the GOP presidential nomination contest: 
Will Biden join the race? Interesting stuff you might want to read via CharlieCookDC: 
Like a blockbuster movie, Donald Trump has dominated the summer: 
What happens if SenatorHeitkamp runs for  in 2016? 
As we countdown to Labor Day, amyewalter looks at how the field has shaken out: 
It's a common assumption that "digital" and "data" are interchangeable. In fact they're not the same: CMAGAdFacts 
Dems need 5 seats (4 if they hold the WH) to take back the majority. Our Senate race ratings: 
For presidential primary voters, summer is for dating and winter is for mating: 
Can Trump turn from a summer fling to a serious relationship? 
Our latest 2016 
CharlieCookDCs quick reaction to the first  
Voters don't like the status quo, but they are also worried about the unexpected. amyewalter's latest: 
Trump-free scenarios for 2016: 
The polls say it's anyone's race. But it's hard to see anyone but Bush, Rubio or Walker winning the nomination: 
Exclusive: Charlie Cook with a first look at the latest GOP polling numbers. 
Exclusive: charliecookdc with a first look at the latest GOP polling numbers 
Don't assess 2016 with assumptions, amyewalter brings us back to the facts: 
Our 2016 projection for TV ad spend is $4.4 billion. Here's how we get there: 
Charlie Cook on the Trump surge, and what it means for the GOP. 
What Donald Trump's Surge Meant 
CMAGAdFacts projects TV political ad spending to hit $4.4 billion in 2016: 
CMAG's 2016 projection for TV ad spend is $4.4 billion. Here's how we get there: 
Our take on what realDonaldTrump's rise in the polls means  and what it doesnt: 
Will trust be a deal-breaker for HillaryClinton? 
Like the oppressive humidity of a DC summer, Trump has become unavoidable: 
Redistrict breaks down what's next for Florida's congressional districts: 
The bottom line is that demographic trends, while helpful to Democrats, are no guarantee that the party will hold... 
Demographic trends, while helpful to Dems, are no guarantee that the party will hold the White House beyond 2017: 
A Momentous Week, and a GOP That Needs to Change 
 Upholds Arizona Map: What it Means 
A tale of two governors: 
 on the right side of history  amyewalter CWSoftballGame 
Bottom Line: Congressional Softball Game 
ICYMI: our state-by-state demographic breakdown of the 2016 electorate via Redistrict: 
Why did Obama think he could get Democrats on board with trade in the first place? amyewalter's latest: 
Southern Dems made up over half of the Dems votes for NAFTA in '93, today they don't exist: 
In today's National Journal, Charlie asks the question, "how old is too old?"... 
What makes Scott Walker such a formidable candidate in the primary is also what makes him vulnerable in a general: 
Can Walker win over moderates? amyewalter's latest: 
Redistrict's latest House Summary chart: 
For a party desperate to win back the White House, Bush is looking more and more like a risky bet: 
On the heels of CNN/ORC poll, a look back to amyewalter on why Hillary should be concerned w/ drop in POTUS approval 
amyewalter breaks down HillaryClinton's rising unfavorable ratings: 
Kirkpatrick Senate Bid Moves AZ-01 to Toss Up. Redistrict Updated House Race Ratings Chart: 
In Iowa political pros see the crowded field and fear a divisive primary, while voters see endless possibilities: 
We should spend as much time checking Obamas job approval ratings as we do the polling data of potential candidates: 
Every presidential election is a response to the current president. amyewalter on why HillaryClinton needs Obama: 
The GOP Dating Game: 
We've tried political reform, maybe it's time we tried political realism to fix a dysfunctional Washington: 
How returning to "machine politics" could fix Washington dysfunction: 
CMAGAdFacts: swing state voters can run, but they can't hide from 2016 advertising 
It's not about the Scooby Van, amyewalter takes us back to the fundamentals: 
HRC can't just tell everyday Americans she'll fight for them, she needs to show she'll win for them too: 
In contrast to 2008 and 2012, CMAGAdFacts finds that nearly all early 2016 ads have been attack ads: 
Can the GOP forge a new path to Electoral College success in 2016? 
How campaigns will get to 270 in 2016: 
What can 1000 digital staffers do for a campaign? CMAGAdFacts on the optics of voter targeting in 2016: 
Duckworth's announcement doesn't open up doors for Republicans.  stays in the Solid Dem column: 
Will SCOTUS help Dems hit the redistricting jackpot in CA next ear?Redistrict's latest: 
amyewalter on why the fight for the Republican nomination is only going to get more complicated: 
National Editor amyewalter on the myth of the 'consensus conservative' in 2016. 
Can Rubios poll numbers catch up with his potential? The latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Why Jeb Bush is a fragile frontrunner amp; how he must thread the needle to win the nomination. Latest from amyewalter 
Our latest Senate overview: 2016 Republicans are not 2014 Democrats 
Scott Walker the idea, vs Scott Walker the reality. What will it take for Walker to win GOP nomination? amyewalter 
It's not enough for the GOP nominee to get GWB levels among non-whites. Why  showdown = trouble for Rs in '16 
Looking towards 2016, voters just want to know that they will be okay.The latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Better weather? Yes. Successful attempts at increased voter turnout? No. amyewalter on CAs failed attempts to GOTV. 
How skipping out on Iowa in 2016 may, in fact, be a good thing for WH wannabes. The latest from amyewalter 
The marathon race for the WH; how 2016 is much more about endurance than a sprint to the top of the heap. amyewalter 
The Democrats' latest challenge? An economic message that connects with their own base. latest from amyewalter 
Introducing the Cook Political Report's 2016 House race ratings: 
Does a positive economic outlook today spell a positive outlook for Dems in 2016? Latest from amyewalter 
What if low turnout was the result of too FEW ads? Competitive (and yes, negative) campaigns get voters to the polls 
Washington veterans Tom Davis amp; Martin Frost offer insight into the breaking of Congress amp; rise of hyper-partisanship 
Rethink the "blame negative advertising for low turnout" trope, say Ken Goldstein amp; CMAGAdFact's Harley Ellenberger 
redistrict attempts to quantify the most and least impressive campaigns of 2014 
Dems are in trouble at the state level, and it's worse than they think amyewalter 
While GOP faces demographic problems, Dems face equally daunting challenges in small town/rural America 
'14 was more a rejection of Obama than mandate for GOP--but it did give Rs 2 yrs to show leadership,make case for '16 
amyewalter on the reality of a Clinton vs. Warren showdown 
Last Tuesday's results a reminder to incumbents: run scared or run unopposed. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
ICYMI - MT CMAGAdFacts In '08, DSCC amp; NRSC sponsored 28 of SEN b'cast TV spots. Since '10 their  hasn't broken 14 
The wave election and the end of moderates amyewalter 
The House: First impressions from Election Night from redistrict 
A historic night for House GOP. Read redistrict's take 
House Republicans appear headed for 13- to 19-seat gain, on track for a historic majority Redistrict 
amyewalter's key takeaways from Election Night 
First impressions from redistrict: A Historic GOP House Majority 
A drubbing for Democrats. What happened? amyewalter's take 
RT Redistrict Our estimate: post-2014, 87 of House Rs will be white men vs. just 44 of House Ds. Widest gap ever. 
Republicans appear poised for a good Election Night--but just how well will they fare? Charlie's take: 
Tues Night Tool Kit: poll closings guides to Senate amp; House 
Watching for an eleventh hour surprise? Head west. Redistrict 
RT Redistrict Final House Preview: "7 Things to Watch in the House" now live CookPolitical. Check it out: 
Final House Preview: A viewer's guide to seven potential takeaways on Election Night from House Editor Redistrict 
ICYMI - RT CMAGAdFacts Top issues in SEN TV spots last week: HC, jobs, taxes, energy, anti-ACA 
Governors rating changes:   and  move to Toss Up 
jennifereduffy Corrected link here: 
CORRECTED LINK-- jennifereduffy For non-subscribers: here is the current state of play in the battle for the Senate 
Just how serious of a burden is Obama to his own party? The latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Newly released House Topline: David Wasserman projecting 6-12 seat GOP gain, w/ larger gains possible. Redistrict 
RT Redistrict now live for subscribers: jennifereduffy's comprehensive, must-read Senate overview 6 days out: 
In race for the Senate, the three key questions to keep in mind on Election Night. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
There are many combinations of potential Sen results, but none that seem likely to break up the logjam in Washington. 
Even with Senate majority, GOP would struggle to accomplish much in the 114th Congress. The latest from amyewalter 
ICYMI - The latest in CMAGAdFacts' "Closing Arguments" series on Senate ad messaging, covering Oct 13-19: 
The Challenge for a GOP-Controlled Congress in Four Charts, the latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Senate math: Might Republicans have to gross 8 seats to net 6? Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
amyewalter on why launching Romney 3.0 is a bad idea. 
CharlieCookDC joins chrisriback and politicalwire on the latest Political Wire podcast. His take on 2014: 
In final weeks before election, Dems still facing strong headwinds in Senate fight. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
ICYMI- E. Wilner CMAGAdFacts on how veterans benefits/care have become an ad messaging focus for both parties in '14 
The risk of not learning from your mistakes, and how both parties continue to look backwards. Latest from amyewalter 
An interesting look at  race from Elon University elonpoll: 
Senate control may well will hinge on the outcomes in AK, CO, and IA. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
On what messages are Ds amp; Rs "gaining separation?" Great look at ad messaging advantages by party, from CMAGAdFacts 
Ratings changes today in 15 House races: 8 GOP's favor, 7 in Dems' See all Hse ratings 
In it for the long haul, how a GOP presidential hopeful can survive the marathon race to 2016.Latest from amyewalter 
ICYMI - top messages by spot count in '14 House amp; Senate advertising, from CMAG's E. Wilner: 
When even moderates amp; deal makers pander to base in campaigns it destroys any hope for compromise in congress next yr 
While the Senate could still go either way, simply put, far more paths to victory for GOP than Dems nationaljournal 
ICYMI - RT CMAGAdFacts How TV's programming problem hits political advertisers hardest 
CW says GOP will fare well this year. But they had a favorable climate in '12 too, amp; underperformed. Charlie's latest 
ICYMI - Are we seeing the return of the "security mom?" The latest from amyewalter 
Just how bad will this year be for Democrats? Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
RT Redistrict: In light of Dem Rep. John Tierney's primary loss to Seth Moulton,  moves from Toss Up to Lean D 
Guest column: "Want to run a data-driven political campaign? First, build a culture of good management practices" 
Who will "security moms" turn to in 2014? amyewalter 
Guest column from Ethan Roeder amp; Brent McGoldrick: Good mgmt practices key to data-driven political campaign 
Democrats seem increasingly resigned to an ugly midterm election. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
RT jennifereduffy:  the candidates played musical chairs this week, race moves to Likely R from Solid R 
RT jennifereduffy:  moves from Likely R to Lean R. Taylor's exit makes this race much more competitive 
If Republicans can't win IA/CO in a year like this, how can they expect to win them in '16? latest from amyewalter 
MT CMAGAdFacts Starting Fri, the gap btwn what federal candidates amp; outside groups pay for TV is going to get wider 
Why waiting for a wave is a waste of time. Latest from National Editor amyewalter 
As Obama intros veterans' care fixes, CMAG sees 7X as many vets-care spots in Aug '14 as Aug '12 ($) 
Despite relative silence in the ad world, the ACA is still a huge rallying cry for the GOP. Latest from amyewalter 
MT jennifereduffy  amp;  move to Toss Up. Yes, there are very competitive Gov races in 2 very blue states. 
Why an Improving Economy Isn't Improving Obama's Numbers, from National Editor amyewalter 
RT CMAGAdFacts: In both R and D Sen ads: govt spending is the new jobs  the big economic issue (3/3) 
RT CMAGAdFacts: Go-to messages in D Senate ads: local industry, women, faith, SS/Med (2/3) 
RT CMAGAdFacts: Go-to messages in R Senate ads: anti-Obama, anti- govt spending via CookPolitical (1/3) 
MT Redistrict Our House outlook continues to be a net Republican gain of between 2 amp; 12 seats 
Fake outrage replaces real campaigns, latest from National Editor amyewalter 
MT CMAGAdFacts See how they name-drop: Ashcroft Begich Campbell Carter Graham Landrieu Nunn Pell Perdue amp; Pryor 
ICYMI - jennifereduffy's take on the race for the Senate, 100 days out from election day (public until Fri 8/1) 
General consensus among number-crunchers amp; crystal ball-gazers on GOP Senate odds--but the devil's in the details. 
Jennifer Duffy breaks down the math behind the race for the Senate, with 100 days to go. (public til Fri 8/1) 
100 Days Out - jennifereduffy's latest overview on the race for the Senate: (publicly available until Fri 8/1) 
Congressional ldrs today feel it's their job to protect members from tough votes. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Don't write off Rick Perry just yet. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
 RT mikeallen: SIREN: welcome to the twitterverse, CharlieCookDC! 
Happy to announce that Charlie Cook has finally joined the twitter conversation. Follow our editor and publisher CharlieCookDC 
Growing populist strains on both left amp; right likely to be increasingly disruptive. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
 moves from Lean D to Toss Up,  moves from Likely D to Lean D. Ratings: Sen Gov 
amyewalter on what Rand Paul and Elizabeth Warren have in common. The latest from our national editor: 
WH Office of Political Affairs does exactly what you'd think it does. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
If Hillary passes, who's on deck for Dem's in 2016? Latest from amyewalter 
In honor of the Cook Political Report's 30th anniversary, check out our very 1st Governor ratings, from June 1984: 
Happy Anniversary to us as we celebrate 30 yrs. Here's our 1st Hse amp; Sen ratings, from 1984: 
 Here's to 30 years in the biz. Presenting the Cook Political Report's first Governor ratings, from 1984: Discuss 
 Happy 30th to the Cook Political Report. Here's our very 1st House ratings, from 1984: Discuss 
 Happy Anniversary to us as we celebrate 30 years. Here's our very 1st Senate ratings, published in 1984: Discuss 
When Republicans get 46 of women's vote, they win. h/t posglen 
The post-Bergdahl, post-VA and post-IRS email dip in Obama's poll numbers can't make Senate Democrats feel any better 
Have voters hit the mute button on President Obama? Why the big midterm factors may already be set. 
Last station stronghold: still-dominant broadcast TV gives stations leverage to change ad buying game in  ($) 
Primary voter turnout, Cantor, and the race to the fringe. The latest from our National Editor amyewalter 
Our take on  upset. Redistrict 
What's the digital ad version of the GRP? Trick Q. Digital experts want metrics based on the voter,not the medium ($) 
Charlie's take on the Cochran-McDaniel run-off in  and the dilemma it poses for national Republicans. 
House primaries prompt 4 rating changes:  to Solid R,  to Toss Up,  to Lean D,  to Lean R via Redistrict 
As first reported by The Cook Political Report, American Crossroads superpac will stay on sidelines in  Runoff 
Charlie reminds us that "where you stand depends on where you sit"--from Sgt. Bergdahl to emission standards. 
Dems '16 agenda and the risk they run of alienating their moderate base. Latest from National Editor amyewalter 
In GOP ads, a shift on the ACA from "repeal" to "fix" appears underway. The latest from E. Wilner CMAGAdFacts 
Expectations and emotions running high over prospect of a Clinton 2016 bid. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
MT CMAGAdFacts Political advertisers bought 61 local cable spots during this  vs 0 in 2010 
Dem vs GOP, round 2014. How the midterm battle appears to be shaping up, 173 days from Election Day. amyewalter 
"Selective outrage" surrounding Benghazi tragedy speaks volumes about current political climate. Charlie's latest 
Rating change:  shifts from Solid R to Likely R. Full Cook Governors race ratings 
Excellent analysis of Louisiana Senate race: 
Hickman Analytics poll in  Shaheen up by six points over Brown, 49-43 (5/5) 
 Daines leads Walsh by 12 points, 49-37, in new Hickman poll (4/5) 
 Hickman poll has Peters ahead of Land by five points, 42-37 (3/5) 
 McConnell leads Grimes, 46-45, via Hickman Analytics (2/5) 
Hickman poll: In  Braley narrowly leads Jacobs (43-42), up by 4 over Ernst (44-40) (1/5) 
politicalwire podcast a terrific resource for race analysis--for example, check out  deep dive w/John Maginnis 
MT CMAGAdFacts 250K political spots had aired on Ohio TV stations by this point in '12, just 2.7K by now in '14 
Jeb Bush and the future of the GOP brand. The struggle between Bush, the base, and the battle for 2016. amyewalter 
Grimm indictment moves  from Lean R to Lean D. 
The ad war against the "New York Billionaires" in WV-03. Can Dem's anti-Koch push really move the needle? amyewalter 
Immigration reform looks doubtful, but the issue isn't going away--and that's a problem for GOP. 
The 2016 name game is all well and good, but don't overlook the fundamentals. Charlie's latest nationaljournal: 
Dem Corps/Resurgent Republic poll: neither ACA or economy a political trump card. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Voters in Dem coalition more pessimistic about economy than in '12. How can D's motivate them to vote in '14? 
"History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme." How does 2014 compare to 2010 amp; 1986? nationaljournal 
CMAGAdFacts has coded 50,000 campaign ads in the last 10 yrs. Here it is, in 1 infographic:  
Charlie takes a early look at the 2016 GOP presidential nomination brackets nationaljournal 
You can't sit with us: how being a media darling isn't enough to snag 2016 nomination.Latest on Rand Paul amyewalter 
Senate majorities not likely to be durable over the next few elections. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
 will remain in Solid R column for now in wake of Rep. Camp retirement 
In a neutral year, open  might be a Toss Up. In 2014, it starts in the Lean Republican column. 
Spend early, and outspend while you're at it. The AFP handbook for midterm success, latest from amyewalter 
No matter how you look at 2014, either qualitatively or quantitatively, things are not looking up for Senate Dems 
Six assumptions for the next three years. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Storm clouds for Democrats worsening, odds of losing Senate growing. Charlie's latest nationaljournal: 
When it comes to 2016, stop judging HRC by 2008 campaign. Except for one thing... amyewalter 
With John Dingell's retirement, an era has ended. Charlie's thoughts on the inimitable legislator and man: 
Dingell retirement will put  in open seat column for first time since 1955. Rating will remain at Solid D. 
Party committee war chests/fundraising not changing either side's 2014 odds in the House or Senate. Charlie's latest: 
Just like for HRC, age a factor in potential Biden '16 pres. bid. Charlie's latest nationaljournal: 
 and  retirements don't change our Solid Democratic ratings in both districts. Latest ratings: 
A Hillary Clinton presidential run, while probable, is not a foregone conclusion. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
With outside spending on the rise, where do candidates fit? The latest from National Editor amyewalter 
RT Redistrict: New article CookPolitical: "Why Quarterly House FEC Reports are Often Overrated" 
What now? After hitting rock bottom, the GOP has nowhere to go but up: latest from national editor amyewalter 
Rep. Henry Waxman to retire from the House at end of term.  is safely in Dem control (PVI D+11), our rating will remain Solid D 
Why Charlie thinks SOTU's are boring, over-rated, and rarely important. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Check out our Chart of the Week: A look at the 30 House open seats by their Cook PVI scores 
very smart look at the 2016 GOP presidential race from PeterBeinart 
Behind the debate for Economic Fairness, why Democrats are pressing the issue: from National Editor amyewalter 
Gillespie's  bid not as crazy as it seems. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Best analysis Charlie has seen yet on the state of play between the two parties post-2012: 
The Myth of the Independent Voter, whose side are they really on? The latest from amyewalter 
Gillespie entrance into  prompts rating shift to Likely D from Solid D. Full Cook Senate ratings: 
Owens' retirement shifts  to Toss Up. Full Cook House ratings: 
Interesting Gallup  Former Repubs becoming Independents making Indies more conservative than before. 
The myth of a Democratic party divide, and the intra-party revolution that isn't happening. Latest from amyewalter 
Don't roll your eyes at the "six year itch." History working against Dems in 2014. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
GOP Rep. JimGerlach retirement moves  from Solid R to Lean R. New ratings: 
The 2016 blank slate amp; how 2013 polls do nothing to predict our next President. Latest from Nat'l Editor amyewalter 
Could part of DC dysfunction be fault of not-so-Greatest-Generations taking charge? Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
The latest from Redistrict: "December House Overview: GOP Back on Track to Gain Seats" 
Young not in lockstep w/Dems, but GOP must tone down the social conservatism if they ever hope to reach millennials. 
Generic ballot has been roller coaster for D's this year--can upcoming fiscal fights counteract  downward pull? 
Today's House ratings changes via Redistrict:    -- All Solid D to Likely D. Full House ratings: 
Fear and Loathing in DC - the latest from National Editor amyewalter 
A great analysis of Obama's ACA problems from one of the best and most experienced journalists in DC. dallasnews 
This points precisely to what David Wasserman Redistrict has been seeing, saying about notion of a wave in '14: 
New HarvardIOP poll:  skeptical on Obamacare, premiums paid by young amp; health central to  success 
Parties in the minority face uphill battles in both houses of Congress next year. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
RT ChrisCooperDC: CookPolitical's E. Wilner offers great insight into potential new c4 regs today. Yet another reason to subscribe! 
Mired in polls at Bush Katrina levels, Obama's challenge is to rebuild confidence amp; address questions of competence. 
"Throw the bums out?" Why the anti-Congress narrative may not materialize in many incumbent losses in 2014. 
The latest from David Wasserman Redistrict: "Primary Problems: 12 House Incumbent Primaries to Watch" ($) 
Our latest National Political Environment chart pack w/new Kaiser ACA  for November 
Great interactive of Kaiser poll results on ACA, including demographics: 
Why Democrats shouldn't jump ship, making the case for Obamacare to voters. Latest from amyewalter 
Cheney's candidacy in  highlights rarity of outsider challenges to same-party incumbents. Charlie's latest: 
Is the ACA Obama's Katrina? GOP pollster McInturff POStqia looks at the data so far: 
Voters want to punish Republicans, and see no need to reward Democrats. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
CMAGAdFacts' Wilner in "On Points": outcomes vs CW - what will prevail in 2014? 
Reading the signs, what can be learned from the 2013 election results. Charlie Cook's latest NationalJournal column: 
amyewalter's lessons for 2014 and beyond, definitive conclusions both parties would do well to note 
Rocky ACA rollout threatens to neutralize any post-shutdown gains for Democrats. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
BrookingsInst 1year out-what's in store for midterm elections post shutdown? Watch live webcast here:  
Increasing doubts on competency threaten Obama support among mods, independents. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Charlie speaks with politicalwire's chrisriback -- listen to the interview here: 
Perseverance, always a virtue in politics? The latest nationaljournal column from Charlie Cook 
murphymike offers the best analysis yet on the GOP civil war: 
Fascinating Walmart Moms focus group findings: 
Griffin Retirement Moves  from Solid R to Lean R. Full Cook House race ratings: 
"Delusional synergy" consistently driving faction of GOP to destructive behavior. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Change primaries, amp; you can change Congress--key to more compromise in Congress is higher turnout in primaries 
Today's ratings changes: CA31, CA41, CO06, FL22, MI03, MI07, MT-AL, NE02, NJ02, NJ03, NM02, NY23, OH06, PA08, WV03 
Charlie's take on Chris Matthews' "Tip and the Gipper", sees lessons for today's leadership from Reagan/O'Neill era 
NBC/Esquire interactive quiz: "Are you in the new American center?" 
NBC/Esquire poll: Fascinating insights on the "new American center" 
Dems need to offer way for GOP to save face. Waiting for unconditional surrender no way run govt nationaljournal 
Hse majority not in immediate danger, but GOP inflicting long-run damage on itself. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Gallup's Economic Confidence Index crashing since shutdown began. 
Despite shutdown amp; fiscal battles GOP Hse majority still relatively secure for now. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Low ratings for President, Congress, and Consumer Confidence make this shutdown different from rest. From amyewalter 
Rand Paul ought to give Ted Cruz a big wet kiss. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
What does it take to bring Rand Paul into the mainstream? Answer: Ted Cruz. The latest from amyewalter 
McAuliffe lead is slight but consistent;  race shifts from Toss Up to Lean Dem. Full Cook governors ratings: 
CBS/NYT poll on gov't shutdown, topline results: 
Charlie looks at last 4 months of merged NBC/WSJ data compared to  from '10 (good GOP year) amp; '12 (good Dem year) 
Patchwork Nation: interesting way to look at nation's counties, each in 1 of 12 categories w/map of '12 Obama vote s 
Low turnout election+fired up opposition. What the Colorado recalls may portend for 2014 
What the Colorado recall elections can tell us about 2014--the latest from national editor amyewalter 
Chart of the Week: A fascinating look at which party holds high ground on which policy issues in eyes of Americans 
Low scores on compromise in new ABC/WaPo poll: 64 say GOP doing too little to compromise w/Obama vs. 49 say Obama doing too little 
New ABC/WashPo poll: 46 favor debt ceiling raise, 43 oppose. Full release: 
Carville and Greenberg: obviously partisan, but a worth-reading look at the GOP today: 
So far, both parties' midterm fears coming true. Charlie's latest nationaljournal: 
Boehner amp; the GOP leadership - why they have the least fun job in Washington. latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Charlie looks at the tough questions facing Members of Congress on the  vote nationaljournal 
Think town hall meetings help legislators forge consensus? Encourage meaningful debate? Well, they don't. 
Expect partisans to support their pres on  vote (think Kosovo, Iraq) Difference is public support/pres approval 
 TerryMcAuliffe with slight edge as summer wraps up, but race far from over. Charlie's take nationaljournal: 
Congressional town hall meetings: a terrible measure of public opinion. The latest from national editor amyewalter 
Today's ratings changes:  from Lean D to Toss Up,  from Solid R to Likely R. Full Cook House ratings here: 
 Lincoln Chafee announces that he will not seek a 2nd term, race moves to Lean Democratic. Full race ratings: 
From Pew, important new poll numbers on  
Charlie's take on Obama, Syria and Congressional approval 
Lessons from '98: GOP threats of gov't shutdown, impeachment could come back to haunt them. nationaljournal 
Updated with new Gallup, Kaiser Foundation  polls, a look at several factors shaping 2014 Political Environment: 
Worth a second read, Charlie's nationaljournal piece on the fight for millennials. 
Republicans playing a weak hand as fiscal showdown approaches. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
What's an incumbent to do? How to win re-election despite widespread Washington antipathy. Latest from amyewalter 
Alongside danbalz new book:"Collision 2012" Charlie highly recommends piece by nationaljournal columnist Ornstein: 
With both parties facing vulnerabilities in '14, look for more of a "mush" than a "wave" election. nationaljournal 
Why we need to stop paying attention to Anthony Weiner, the latest from amyewalter 
Despite current slide in approval ratings, Obama's avg numbers remain remarkably consistent. Latest from amyewalter 
Charlie weighs in on 2016: "We are unlikely to see a presidential field in 2016 that is all men."  nationaljournal utc 
Charlie asks of 2014: "Are these going to be micro or macro elections?"  utc nationaljournal 
Charlie: Both parties need to keep an eye on older voters for 2014 elections  utc nationaljournal 
Could immigration reform still have a chance? CPR exclusive: American Action Network on GOP's narrow path to success 
Republicans need to see  as Big Business. The latest from E. Wilner CMAGAdFacts 
Which way will the wind blow for Democrats in 2014? The latest from Cook Political Report National Editor amyewalter 
Democrats can't win a House majority in 2014, but can Republicans lose one? Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Beware over-generalizing votes of women, Hispanics. Charlie on the perils of political stereotypes nationaljournal 
DC's hamster wheel, how politics is running to stand still: the latest from amyewalter 
This week's House rating changes: IL-17 (Likely D to Lean D), MN-08 (Likely D to Lean D) amp; NV-03 (Likely R to Lean R) 
Limited time offer from the team here at CPR: 6 month trial subscription for new users at $75.00. Learn more: 
Our long national nightmare is over. Newest "Vital Statistics on Congress" is now out, online amp; free! 
Pending Clinton amp; Biden decisions re:'16, too many questions, not enough facts in the dem pres field nationaljournal 
Fascinating interactive analysis and segmentation of women voters by top GOP polling firm American Viewpoint: 
Perry announces that he won't seek re-election in  rating shifts to Solid R. Full Cook governors race ratings: 
Grimes announces candidacy in  rating shifts from Likely R to Lean R. Full Cook senate race ratings: 
Obama's numbers bouncing. Early week Gallup tracking showed 45 approval for 2 days in a row, now at 50 for 2 days 
We know GOP has a brand problem, but could Obamacare backlash offset it? Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Can the coalition of the unwilling be swayed? The prospects for passage of an immigration bill, latest by amyewalter 
Gov rating changes in CT, IL, ME, MD, MA, MI, and SC. View full Cook governors ratings here 
Following Markey victory in  special election, seat now in Likely Dem column for 2014 general 
Exclusive, introductory offer from the CPR team: 6 month trial subscription for new users at $75.00. Learn more here: 
2014 Midterm Election Political Environment Watch: will ACA be a problem for Dems in 2 consecutive midterm elections? 
Our friends and competitors RPRpolitics make an interesting point, possibly more net change in Senate than House 
For all the talk of GOP problems, this great article points to one for Democrats 
GOP primaries again threaten Republicans' Senate hopes for 2014 nationaljournal 
In immigration debate, GOP should learn from history of Hispanic vote in CA. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Think legislators lose sleep over national polls when it comes to immigration and guns? Think again, says amyewalter 
Gallup daily approval at 47 for 5 days in a row. The 45 day, a week ago, was lowest since Dem convention in Sept. 
Interesting report by Pew Hispanic Center on national origins of Latinos PewHispanic 
Republicans have a good shot at a Sen majority--IF they can get their act together. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Cook's "Big Data At-A-Glance" chart: top D amp; R big data consulting firms amp; new players, from E. Wilner CMAGAdFacts 
Is improving economy offsetting mounting controversies, holding Obama job rating steady? nationaljournal 
Immigration debate underscores incentive gap btw House Repubs amp; natl GOP. The latest from amyewalter 
Obama job approval rating through last night at 45, lowest since Sept 1-3. Was at 49 just days ago. GallupNews 
Check out DailyRundown tomorrow for CookPolitical analysis on GOP's Midterm Turnout Advantage 
Republicans shouldn't get too hopeful about upset in  Read Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Chris Christie doesn't care if you don't like him. Via amyewalter 
jennifereduffy moves  from Likely D to Solid D. Full Cook Senate race ratings 
Improving economy a key part of best-case scenario for Dems in 2014. The latest from amyewalter 
Graves pulls out of  following Bachmann retirement, rating shifts to Solid R. Full Cook House ratings 
Cook Political's look ahead to 2014, our five metrics to watch. Read the full report here: 
Will Dems make insurance companies the bad guys as Obamacare rollout looms over 2014? The latest from amyewalter 
Jo Bonner to Resign from Congress, House Editor David Wasserman Redistrict keeps  in Solid Republican column 
Blinded by hate, could GOP be overreaching? ThePlumLineGS's take on Charlie's latest nationaljournal piece: 
GOP circling, but no blood in the water yet for Obama as approval holds steady. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Previously released CNN poll  show Obama job rating up 2 points since 6 weeks ago, to 53. 
Full results of latest CNN poll should make Republicans think about their behavior. GOP fav/unfav 35/59. Dem 52/43 
Despite Obama's recent problems, grandstanding amp; appearing overly-partisan doesn't help GOP. Charlie's take 
"Another Change Election?" The latest from Amy Walter: 
In this year's VA Gov race, unlike SC01, potential clues about 2014. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
In 2016, Rs should spend less time in NV more time in PA. The latest from amyewalter 
Looking at  from the air: where Sanford, ECB and Ds bought TV, via CMAGAdFacts 
Cable prime joins local b'cast news as political TV ad must-buy 
Dont look for major insights about 2014 midterms from todays  special. Charlies take nationaljournal 
Last week, we moved  from Lean D to Toss Up. Watch for a Sanford/Colbert-Busch photo finish tomorrow night. 
Dems dont have nearly the lock on Millennial vote that many imagine. Charlies latest NationalJournal  
Via amyewalter: GOP ekes out political win from FAA budget battle, but larger economic policy woes loom 
Approaching a photo finish in  rating moving back to Toss Up. Full Cook House race ratings: 
Fascinating results in new HarvardIOP survey of Millennials:  
Both parties seeking a victory on  Obama should let GOP have it. Via amyewalter 
Via amyewalter: The best way for Obama/dems to get  reform passed? Get out of the way 
Moving SC-01 from Toss Up to Lean D. Full Cook house race ratings: 
"Too Early to Know Whether Democrats Will Fall Prey to Second-Term Jinx" Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Sen. Max Baucus (D-MT) will not seek re-election in 2014, creates 6th open Dem-held seat. This race moved to Toss Up: 
Can Boston be the unifying and healing event that the nation so badly needs? The latest from Charlie nationaljournal 
"Washington's Trust Deficit" - The latest from amyewalter 
Sanford Trespassing Charge Moves SC-01 to Toss Up. Full Cook House ratings: 
New Release: Statewide, historical PVI data from House Editor David Wasserman Redistrict, 1994 through 2014: 
"Democrats Risk Alienating Young Voters by Opposing Cuts in Entitlement Spending" Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
In the House, Cook Political's 2014 PVI reveals fewer competitive districts, notable GOP advantage. nationaljournal 
The number of competitive House seats keeps shrinkingto the advantage of the GOP. Read our analysis nationaljournal 
2016 Heirs Apparent  The latest from the Cook Political Reports Amy Walter 
Two main competing theories, but no clear theme yet for the 2014 midterms. Read Charlies latest nationaljournal 
MN-02 (Kline) moved from Solid R to Likely R. Full Cook House ratings: Redistrict 
FL-02 (Southerland) moved from Solid R to Lean R. Full Cook House ratings: Redistrict 
Obama facing uphill battle to shape his legacy in second term. Read Charlies latest nationaljournal 
Will Health Care Be Sleeper Issue Of 2014? The latest from amyewalter 
Introducing the 2014 Cook Political Report Partisan Voter Index for the 113th Congress. Analysis amp; full data sets: 
Publishing soon:The 2014 Cook Political Report PVI unveiling, the gold standard in comparative congressional district analysis. Redistrict 
Countdown to Cook Politicals 2014 PVI reveal, measuring how each CD (2008+2012) performs at the presidential level vs. nation as a whole 
The worst idea of the month: move in Tennessee to eliminate US. Senate primaries. Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
CookPolitical: "Republicans Admit They Have Problems, But Can They Fix Them?" The latest from amyewalter 
Gov races in FL (Scott) and PA (Corbett) moved to Toss Up from Lean R. See full Governors ratings 
Introducing The Cook Political Report Scatterplots: A comprehensive look at the 2012 election results by PVI and win 
In wake of "Growth amp; Opportunity Project" report, a fork in the road for the GOP. Charlies latest nationaljournal 
CMAGs Eye on SC-01 UPDATED 3/18: From CMAGAdFacts, all TV ads aired so far in SC-01 special ($) 
US growing more diverse, but avg GOP district getting whiter. Redistrict amp; Charlie Cook's latest nationaljournal 
Which Republicans Are Vulnerable to Obama's Charm Offensive? Read the latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Historical patterns on Republicans side in 14 and 16but can they step up? Read Charlies latest nationaljournal 
"Why Democrats Shouldn't Get Too Smug About Recent GOP Misfortunes" The latest from amyewalter 
CMAGs Eye on SC-01: New from CMAGAdFacts, archive of TV ads aired so far in SC-01 special ($) 
The  a bad idea whose time has come? Read Charlies latest nationaljournal 
Beware of fluid/volatile sequestration poll  Watch for party ID fluctuations. Charlies latest NationalJournal 
Can Governors Be The Cure For What Ails Politics? Read latest from National Editor AmyEWalter on CookPolitical 
Blame game over sequester unlikely to exonerate either party; expect casualties on both sides. nationaljournal 
As both Obama and Rove demonstrate, strong public stances can derail agendas. Charlies latest nationaljourjnal: 
RT amyewalter: Also at Cook Report. Redistrict moves SC-01 to Lean R from Solid R. Full House ratings: 
"For Walmart Moms, Budget Battles Don't Hit Home" - Read amyewalter's latest CookPolitical 
The Cook PVI data for 2013 is on track to be released by the CookPolitical team in late March. 
Death of the Swing Seat  Read Charlies latest nationaljournal 
Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ) will retire at the conclusion of his term. Moving our rating from Solid to Likely D. 
Charlie Cook on the Art of Electoral Analysis w/ Harvard Kennedy_School PolicyCast 
Contributing Editor E Wilner CMAGAdFacts revisits the likely voter model 
12 steps to polling recovery via CMAGAdFacts' E Wilner 
Time for a new likely voter model, with a new study by Bill McInturff via E. Wilner CookPolitical ($): 
The State of Public Affairs Polling Is 12 Predictions for Pollings Future, per CMAGs E. Wilner CookPolitical ($): 
Sequestration looms large; compromise appears as elusive as ever. Read Charlies latest nationaljournal 
High Hispanic turnout for Obama in 2012 was not a foregone conclusion. Read Charlies latest nationaljournal: 
Latest from National Editor amyewalter: Why Understanding the Gun Control Debate Means Understanding Demographics 
There is good news from DC: US energy independence possible by 2020. Read Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
"The 113th Congress: Brought to You by 800 + Advertisers" see the ads w/CMAG's Eye on New Members CMAGAdFacts 
Latest from Contributing Editor Wilner RT CMAGAdFacts: 800+ TV advertisers tried to shape the 113th Congress 
"DC TV's Challenge, Moving Beyond Alphabet Advertising" latest from contributing editor Elizabeth Wilner CMAGAdFacts 
"Can Immigration Fix the GOP's Hispanic Problem?" The latest from National Editor amyewalter 
Despite focus on immigration and guns, still-fragile economy remains pressing issue. Charlie's latest NationalJournal 
Immigration reform a good start but can GOP move past semantics to appeal to electorate of the future? Charlies latest 
Sen. Tom Harkin has told the Associated Press that he will not seek a sixth term to the U.S. Senate in 2014. 
Charlie Cook is honored to join HarvardIOP as a member of the 2013 Spring class of Fellows 
Check out our new National Editor's amyewalter latest article on VPJoe Biden, the most popular person in Washington 
Generational divide, minorities, women, all enormous challenges for GOP: Charlie's latest nationaljournal 
Winning big among whites amp; w/ independents necessary but no longer sufficient for GOP:Charlies latest nationaljournal 
As focus shifts to spending cuts, Dems turn to feel the pressure. Read Charlies latest nationaljournal: 
In advance of Biden report to WH, latest from Elizabeth Wilner CMAGAdFacts "Ads About Guns: The Silence in the Air" 
Congressional Republicans lose major points from handling of fiscal cliff. Charlies latest nationaljournal: 
"The 14 rules for predicting future geopolitical events," very smart piece on Quartz. 
Cook Political Report proud to announce newest member of our team, Contributing Editor Elizabeth Wilner CMAGAdFacts 
"There's No Crying in Redistricting," another smart memo from GOP pollster Bill McInturff: POStqia 
Charlies latest NationalJournal: With focus often on winning independent voters, the perils of overlooking moderates: 
A different look at the Republican challenge with Hispanic vote from top GOP pollster: 
Check out Chris Cillizzas take on electoral college/pop vote trends over time, and GOP outlook for 2016 TheFix: 
University of Michgan's Index Consumer Sentiment drop to 5-month low, lowest since July. Interviews didn't include last night  
University of Michigan's Index of US Consumer Sentiment released this morning, down 10pts from November. 
Washington has been so dysfunctional for so long that negotiation has become a lost art - Charlie Cook 
Holiday Reading  Ikes Bluff, by Evan Thomas evanthomasbooks 
Charlie Cook's short list for Holiday Reading:  The Years of Lyndon Johnson, Part 4: The Passage of Power, by Robert Caro 
New from the Cook Political Report: 25 interesting facts you may not have heard about the 2012 election 
The entire Cook Political Report team is thrilled to have amyewalter join us as our new National Editor. 
Will  be a game-change? Capitol Hill still a tough sell. Charlies latest NationalJournal 
GOPs 2014/2016 hopes hinge on catching up to the Dem campaign machine. Read Charlies latest NationalJournal 
Fiscal cliff talks fail to lift business leaders confidence in both parties. Read Charlies latest NationalJournal 
The 6 Year ItchIf GOP can confront their problems, poised for Sen gains in 2014. Charlies latest NationalJournal 
Charlie recommends: MT Steve_Lombardo The  has a big Branding Problem: 
Overreaction amp; oversimplification surround fiscal cliff deliberations. Expect long, difficult road. Charlie's latest: 
Charlies take on pollster Glen Bolger amp; the role of Hispanic voters in future of GOP: NationalJournal posglen 
chucktodd on fiscal cliff talks and "challenge of getting to 218" RT NBCFirstRead: First Thoughts: Running in Circles 
Charlie recommends: An insightful look at the GOPs math problem by Glen Bolger posglen 
2014 Senate dynamics: Same as 2012 or different? Read Charlies latest NationalJournal column here: 
Charlie Cook joined chucktodd this AM to discuss Dem Senators that held seats in some of the reddest states on the map 
A look back at how Dem amp; Rep, House amp; Sen campaign committees fared amp; what they faced. See Charlies latest column here 
Romneys loss exposes the greater troubles facing the GOP. Read Charlies latest NationalJournal column here: 
Bill McInturff's look at the missing voters of 2012 with POStqia: 
excellent work from MargieOmero and POStqia on  and the aftermath of 2012 
from POStqia: three lessons from the exit polls, and what it means for 2014/2016 and polling: 
Watch the necessary bipartisanship Charlie discusses tune into BPC_Bipartisan summit Nov 
Best 2012 election analysis Charlie's read yet: 
In the spirit of bipartisanship Charlie discusses here: tune into BPC_Bipartisan summit Nov 15: 
To be effective in 2nd term, Obama must work more closely with Congress. Read Charlies latest column here: 
In final countdown to  check out Charlies latest Pres Polling Cheat Sheet, w/new swing state amp; natl polls: 
Make sure to take a look at the final pre-election thoughts from Charlie Cook, jennifereduffy and Redistrict: 
Swing states may be the bain of Romney's existence. Read Charlie's latest column here: 
Electoral math still leaning Obama's way despite Romney's popular vote momentum. Read Charlie's latest column here: 
Charlie's updated Pres Polling Cheat Sheet: New national and swing state polling: 
PCNHWill 
Obama may have won last two debates in the traditional sense, but Romney may gain more from them: NationalJournal 
Give ALR's Beat the Pollsters contest a try, pick who's going to win the White House/swing Senateamp;House races in Nov. 
Coming out of debate season, national polls/pop vote tied, but electoral math still favors Obama: NationalJournal 
Charlie Cook's Presidential Poll Cheat Sheet,updated 10/19 w/new FL, NV amp;CO polls,new Gallup  amp; new characterizations 
Read Charlie's thoughts on just how close the 2012 presidential race is likely to be: 
Updated today: Charlie Cooks Presidential Polling Cheat Sheet, w/characterizations from top Ramp;D pollsters 
Keep an eye on Charlie Cooks Presidential Polling Cheat Sheet,updated daily,w/characterizations from top Ramp;D pollsters 
See Charlie's Election Forecast on "The State We're In" 10/12 on LPBorg 
Don't miss Charlie on wamu885news this morning at 10AM for a conversation with Diane Rehm on the national political landscape drshow 
Post-debate polling suggests a horse race for the presidency once again: 
Romney turns in a strong debate performance but is it enough? 
An excellent event, hosted by NationalJournal and sponsored by UTC. Watch CSPAN's coverage here: 
Charlie's cheat sheet of polls to watch, all conducted via landline/cell, amp; w/characterizations by top pollsters: 
Unless things turn around, Romney could soon see GOP donors turn away from his campaign as they did from Dole's in '96 
With increasingly solid margins in many battleground states, pollsters seeing a more stable lead for Obama: 
Current economic optimism working in Obamas favor: 
nationaljournal Romney needs the trajectory of this race to change, otherwise will lose: 
Fascinating Hart/McInturff data from new NBC/WSJ Poll--see the questionnaire here: 
Charlie thinks Obama's re-election is "a good bet" 
Romney's momentum still weak following  Read Charlie's thoughts: 
If Obama re-elected, will be despite the economy amp; bc of his campaign; if Romney wins, will be bc of the economy amp; despite his campaign 
Catch Charlie Friday morning at 8am on MorningJoe discussing the  convention. MorningJoeguest 
CPRs Jennifer and David discuss close House amp; Sen races at  Journalist Roundtable Jennifereduffy Redistrict 
Charlie tells us what women want from their presidential candidates 
cspan CPRs David amp; Jennifer moderate panel on top 2012 Cong. races at  Convention Jennifereduffy Redistrict 
Relatability remains the missing ingredient in Romneys campaign 
Romney's campaign missteps and personality issues to blame for a close 2012 presidential race... NationalJournal 
Also: POStqia amp; MargieOmeros newest report on Walmart Moms amp; their feelings about the 2012 presidential candidates: 
Charlies recommended pre-convention reading: NBC/WSJ Poll has Obama with 4-point lead going into  
NPRs nprAudie to speak with jennifereduffy tonite about GOPs shot at Senate takeover: 
jennifereduffy talks about Senate races and the GOPs shot at the majority with nprAudie on tonight's All Things Considered. 
 moved the race to Likely Democratic. As long as Akin is running, its unwinnable for Republicans. If he exits, its back to Toss Up 
Negative impressions of Romney are preventing him from fully capitalizing on the sluggish economy NationalJournal 
The pres race has much to do with whether voters zoom in tight on the direction of the economy or take a wider view: 
Economic news keeps going from bad to worse. Charlie discusses how the worsening economy affects the Pres election 
The 12 percent solution. Cook Political Report alum Elizabeth Wilner on why all economic ads look alike: 
The Romney campaign risks defeat by not promoting its candidate as a 3D, trustworthy human being Nationaljournal 
Charlie recommends reading Jason DeParle's "Two Classes, Divided by 'I Do'" nytimes 
abaumania here's the link to the column 
Charlie's review of the great new book, "It's the Middle Class, Stupid!" by StanGreenberg and James Carville 
Romney's campaign must move fast to define the candidate for voters before the Pres does it first Nationaljournal 
RT mitchellreports: Charlie and EJDionne on  live from aifestival discuss HC in '12 election Video: 
Concentrate on the popular vote in the presidential race, not the Electoral College. Its a waste of time. 
Watch the economy. The question will be: do voters think Obama will do better or do they trust Romney enough to give him a chance? 
This election is about the economy. HC reform was factored into election stock prices as soon as President Obama declared for re-election. 
While ACA may have cost Ds their House majority in '10, voters determined opinion on ACA a while ago. Ruling isn't likely to change minds. 
It is a major loss when a Pres pushes law that is declared unconst. Having the law affirmed = win. In that respect, this is a win for Obama 
Despite breathless anticipation for the SC decision on Affordable Care Act, the election still hinges on the economy 
Video of Charlie Cook's NationalJournal event with former Reps Davis and Frost talking about 2012 now online: 
Charlie says conventional wisdom is going too far in Romney's favor now. The race remains too close to call 
Great nationaljournal event with Charlie, former Reps. Tom Davis and Martin Frost. Follow the conversation at  
Watch Charlie and former Reps. Tom Davis and Martin Frost discuss the presidential race live this morning at 
In this week's NationalJournal, Charlie takes a look at the challenges faced by the Obama campaign 
House rating changes:  to Likely D,  to Likely R,  to Solid D,  to Lean R 
RT Redistrict: Also new today, our baseline analysis for Virginia's House races.  in the spotlight ($): 
RT Redistrict: New Cook Political House Outlook: we're now forecasting a minimal shift b/t GOP +2 and Dems +8: ($) 
Meet the Walmart moms: they make financial decisions daily, theyre worried as hell, amp; theyre key to the 2012 electn 
Following the money: Laser-like focus on advertising trends can turn campaigns into fast-moving chess games 
Charlie says, dig into the polling numbers amp; you find some warning signs for the pres heading into the gen. election 
Voters might be feeling of sense of deja vu with the  race ($) 
Check out the first half of our NY district baselines in today's Cook Political Report ($) Redistrict 
President Obama won't be the only one voters blame if the economy hits the fan NationalJournal 
In this week's NationalJournal column, Charlie says not all opinions are created equal 
 looks like one of the safest gov seats that Democrats will defend in November according to jennifereduffy ($) 
According to redistrict, the  Giffords special election is heating up 
Why did Redistrict reference Chumlee from "Pawn Stars" in our new Nevada House analysis? Find out CookPolitical ($) 
Ratings Changes:  Likely D to Lean D  Toss Up to Lean D,  Likely D to Solid D 
Dont miss Charlie on morning_joe tomorrow at 8:30am on MSNBC JoeNBC morningmika williegeist1 morningjoeguest 
Republicans need to think hard about their own message in light of publics shifting attitude toward same-sex marriage 
Charlie says: Dont just chalk up the IN Republicans primary defeat to the tea party. Its more complicated than that 
NJ NM baselines available in the latest Cook Political Report ($) redistrict 
Latest on Indiana Senate: Lugars Loss is Democrats Gain ($) jennifereduffy 
Romney talks foreign policy. Obama talks recovery. Charlie says silence is golden: NationalJournal 
Good LATimes piece on how Obama campaign is dealing with running for re-election without a 70mph tailwind 
Cook says: A conflict involving Iran doesnt look as likely as it once did, but it still could upend the pres. race 
Don't miss Frank Newport's "Polling Matters" May 3 and April 30 posts at gallupnews 
What Charlie is reading today: fascinating new national poll numbers from Democracy Corps demcorps stangreenberg 
In the latest Cook Political Report-David Wasserman's overview, The House: Six Months Out ($) Redistrict 
Charlie asks himself, "If I am wrong, why am I wrong?" NationalJournal 
More weekend reading: Resurgent Republic resurgentrep focus group memo with independent voters 
Our weekend reading: Latest demcorps polling questionaire and ppt on battleground districts: and 
Check out the new NBC WSJ poll. Full results at: 
RT Redistrict: New rundown of all NorCal  SoCal House races (6/5 top-two primary) ($) 
Charlie says a show of bipartisan cooperation in DC could help shore up a fragile economic recovery NationalJournal 
Charlie says: Dont put much stock in predictions that Pres. Obama will coast to victory. The election will be close 
Redistrict  NationalJournal graphic: White men, 53 of Dem caucus after '10, will be down to 46-48 after '12: 
In AR  fascinating Winthrop Rockefeller Institute  conference looking  legacy of GOP Gov. Rockefeller  transparency in politics. 
Now that he has the nomination sewn up, Romney must move to the center to run against Pres Obama Nationaljournal 
Check out the latest House Competitive Race Chart 
Jennifer Duffy writes, Massachusetts Senate: A Blue State Toss Up ($) 
David Wasserman takes a look at Redistricting's winners and losers ($) 
RT Redistrict: Why we're not changing the rating of  based on Rep. Tim Johnson (R) retirement: ($) 
After voting for hope and change in 2008, many young people are disillusioned with Pres Obama NationalJournal 
Cook: Nope, the high court wont determine the outcome of this pres election no matter how it rules on health care 
After flirting with other candidates, Republicans are realizing that Mitt Romney will be their date in the fall 
RT Redistrict: Seven (!) ratings changes in NY, where as many as 12 seats are at least potentially competitive 
In his NationalJournal Daily column, Charlie is longing for long-form political ads 
Charlie says more House Republicans could lose in the primaries this year than the general election nationaljournal 
Charlie says while voters may watch the jobless number, that number doesn't tell the entire economic picture 
Charlie says the latest NBCNews WSJ poll shows Democrats breezing ahead as Republicans stumble NationalJournal 
Catch Charlie on SquawkCNBC at 8:35am talking Super Tuesday and his latest nationaljournal column 
Volatility in polling suggests that Romney's electability edge has virtually evaporated 
Charlie says the GOP seems incapable of nominating a presidential candidate who can appeal to Independents 
Charlie says: Don't be fooled into thinking that todays events will turn Novembers election NationalJournal 
House Ratings Changes:  Lean R to Likely R,    Likely R to Solid R. New House Competitive Race Chart 
Check out Charlie, Whit Ayres of NorthStarOpin and Guy Molyneux of Hart Research talking 2012 this morning bit.ly/zXQnjZ NationalJournal 
Pres. Obama's contraception kerfluffle led to a stumble, but not a fall, in his push for reelection NationalJournal 
Check out Charlie and Stu breaking down the presidential race with colorful maps on dailyrundown stupolitics 
Catch Charlie Cook on MSNBC's dailyrundown with chucktodd and StuPolitics at 9:10am discussing his 2012 Presidential race ratings 
Charlie:A prolonged race cld force Romney to tack even more to the right, which wld hurt him in Nov. NationalJournal 
In our latest House Outlook, David Wasserman says the battle for the House is at cross-currents: (free) redistrict 
Charlie:the president is coming up from behind  the election looks like more of a toss-up than ever NationalJournal 
WTPDavid slight snafu on the publishing side of our website. 
Charlie's latest 2012 Electoral Vote ratings on our Electoral Vote Scorecard here: 
Look for a lot of new faces in the House next year, regardless of which party gains seats NationalJournal 
Analysis on  the DCCC's "Red to Blue" Districts and  analysis ($) 
More Changes:  Solid D to Toss Up,  Toss Up to Lean R,  Likely R to Lean R,  Lean R to Toss Up,  Lean R to Toss Up 
Cook Political Report Race Ratings changes :  Toss Up to Lean R;  Likely D to Lean D 
Republicans search for an elusive 3 dimensional winner; if Romney looses FL, all bets are off NationalJournal 
Check out Charlie and steele_Michael discussing GOP FL strategy on mitchellreports today  
Charlie says:  must win for Romney. If Romney loses, take a look at 13 post-Fla filing deadlines here: 
redistrict writes on the fallout from Lewis, Gallegly and Hinchey retirements in the latest Cook Political Report ($) 
With Congressional approval numbers this low, how many incumbents could loose their seats? NationalJournal 
Charlie's NationalJournal take on the four epic battles that will seal the Senate's fate 
GA: Analysis on new districts and what the new lines mean for 2012 races (Subscriber only) 
Four epic Senate battles that could determine the majority: MA, MT, NV, VA (Subscriber only) 
Charlie says the economy might not be as big a liability for the President on Election Day as many had assumed 
Charlie: Lack of conservative option boosts Romney in the race for the GOP nomination NationalJournal 
Watch Out for Newt: Gingrich could wound Romney if he wants to pay him back for his attack ads NationalJournal 
As Gingrich fades , the Republican presidential shakeout in Iowa is ending with no clear favorite NationalJournal 
Glimmer of hope for Obama?- The jobless rate is virtually the same as it was 1yr before Reagan's landslide reelection 
Charlie says: Note the 5-night Gallup average thru Wed shows Gingrich lead over Romney down to 5, was 15 on 12/5 Gallupnews 
Don't miss the WaPo piece on Whole Foods,Cracker Barrel and the 2012 election from our own David Wasserman Redistrict 
Will the 2012 Republican presidential nomination contest be a race or a sprint? NationalJournal 
Charlie says campaign fundamentals still matter and so far Newt Gingrich hasnt mastered them NationalJournal 
Tune in to MSNBC at 1pm to see Charlie on mitchellreports talking about Newt 
Video: 8 Takeaways from a recent NationalJournal panel with Charlie, Alex Bratty POStqia and MargieOmero 
Charlie on the recent drop in unemployment- does it bode well for the Pres or is it ephemeral? NationalJournal 
Charlie says Gingrich looks to be latest conservative alternative to Romney NationalJournal 
Charlie discusses the importance of economic statistics saying, It's the Numbers, Stupid NationalJournal 
Charlie says the Super Committee is a media sideshow and far less chronicled than the debt-ceiling drama 
Charlie says math suggests Republicans have too much exposure in the House, while Democrats face it in the Senate 
Charlie says: Make Way for Newt! in his latest NationalJournal column 
Charlie recalls the grandfather of negative campaign ads as we brace for 2012 LSUpress NationalJournal 
Video from NationalJournal 2012 Election Preview panel featuring Charlie, HotlineReid and mattizcoop 
Charlie says Cain's recent troubles help Romney, Perry NationalJournal 
Charlie says the 2012 narrative is still being written NationalJournal 
"Walmart Moms" focus group shows personal stories of people struggling to stay afloat in this economy NationalJournal 
Charlie says the GOP field has room for only one "anti-Romney." But will it be Perry or Cain? NationalJournal 
Charlie takes a look at the 2012 GOP presidential field in his NationalJournal column 
Race Ratings Changes:  moves to Toss Up,  to Likely D and  to Solid D 
Charlie says the GOP nomination is Perry's to win...if he learns from his mistakes NationalJournal 
Charlie's NationalJournal column on why Christie made the right call 
In his NationalJournal column, Charlie wonders if Obama's 2012 campaign will take a page from W.'s 2004 playbook 
devin_omalley apologies Devin, some users are having trouble logging in. Please email us if you need assistance 
Our website has been having some technical difficulties today. Email us ookpoliticalreportcookpolitical.com if you are having issues 
Read Charlie's take on Perry as the potential GOP presidential nominee in NationalJournal Daily 
Charlie says don't read too much into the  special election, but  is another story: njour.nl/pIAkRQ NationalJournal 
Electoral ratings changes: Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan Lean D to Toss Up, North Carolina Lean R to Toss Up 
Today's race ratings changes:  Lean D to Likely D,  Lean D to Toss Up,  Lean D to Toss Up 
Charlie writes: Dire economic conditions will drive voters attitudes next year NationalJournal 
Charlie says many voters have stopped paying attention to speeches about jobs, they want results nationaljournal 
Don't miss the latest NBC/WSJ poll results: 
In nationaljournal Charlie writes there are many economic factors that will impact the election next year 
Charlie says this powerpoint from GOP pollster Bill McInturff is the most important thing you will read this month 
Charlie has been traveling the country and finding discontent everywhere he goes: nationaljournal 
Charlie's memo to the  Independent voters are required to win the general election NationalJournal 
RT mitchellreports:1pET Iowa DWStweets christievilsack CookPolitical TheFix Iowa GOP mattstrawn chucktodd mikeallen  
Charlie:Some flagging GOP hopefuls show signs of life after the Iowa Republican presidential debate NationalJournal 
In his NationalJournal column, Charlie tells incumbents to tread lightly 
Want to receive Charlie's weekly NationalJournal columns via email for free? Sign up here: www.nationaljournal.com/newsletters 
RT mitchellreports: How angry are voters back home waiting 2 greet Congress? chucktodd  CookPolitical 
Catch Charlie on MSNBC at 1pm with mitchellreports and chucktodd discussing the debt deal and the  campaign 
Charlie says 2012 will be down to the wire: nationaljournal 
Analysis of 2011 Pew polling shows Ds steady with A-A's  Hispanics,dropping with Whites,particularly lt;30 and low income 
More House Ratings changes: NC-07 Lean D to Toss Up. MD-06 Solid R to Likely R. 
House Ratings changes: CA-23 NJ-08 OR-01 Solid D to Likely D. OR-04 Likely D to Solid D. KY-06 Likely D to Lean D. 
Charlie warns against partisan myopia: If  fixates on base, Indies could make them pay in '12 NationalJournal 
RT chucktodd: Among the guests on  tonight:Chris Van Hollen, susanpage, cookpolitical, shearm, richardwolffedc, jmartpolitico 
Charlie's NationalJournal column: Blame Republicans for Debt Crisis 
In case you missed Charlie on MorningJoe this morning you can catch it here: 
More House Ratings Changes: Toss Up to Lean R: OH-06 and Lean R to Toss Up: CA-03 
House Ratings Changes: Lean R to Likely R: MT-AL, TX-23, TX-27 and Likely R to Lean R: FL-08, FL-25 , NV-03 
While this gallupnews poll was taken last week (Thur-Sun), it is worth noting. Pres -10 among Indies, who he won by 8 
Charlie warns Rs and Ds who listen to their political base risk missing the broader electorates message 
Catch Charlie on dailyrundown with chucktodd ndStuPolitics discussing 2012 and the debt debate today at 9:40am 
Catch Charlie on drshow at10am to discuss the latest on the debt talks 
In this week's NationalJournal, Charlie says it's time for politicians to get serious about raising the debt ceiling 
CA-36 moves Solid D to Likely D and MD-01 moves Lean R to Toss Up. Check out our Competitive House Race chart here: 
Ratings Changes:  Lean R to Solid R, Toss Up to Lean R, Lean D to Toss Up , Toss Up to Lean R 
Charlie's Tuesday morning reading: Charles Franklin's graph on Obama job ratings in all 50 states PollsAndVotes 
Don't miss Charlie on the dailyrundown with chucktodd at 9:40am 
Charlie's column on why the  in the latest DemCorps poll shld worry both R's  D's GQRResearch NationalJournal 
Catch Charlie on MSNBC with MitchellReports at 1pm 
Catch Charlie on dailyrundown with chucktodd StuPolitics and JillDLawrence talking  and  at 9:40am 
In NationalJournal Daily Charlie says personality doesn't matter in the contest for '12-it is all about the economy 
Nate Silver and Micah Cohen fivethirtyeight interview our David Wasserman Redistrict about redistricting 
 Cook Political Report Alums amyewalter and thefix and good friend (new to twitter) kirkreports 
 moves from Solid D to Likely D- check out our Competitive House Race chart here: 
Check out our 2012 redistricting page with our interactive 2012 redistricting map and redistricting scorecard: 
RT Redistrict: Check out our updated 2012 Redistricting Scorecard: With CA  IL gains likely, Dems now at +2 
Running for president isn't easy- Charlie's take on the Gingrich campaign in NationalJournal Daily: 
Don't miss Charlie on dailyrundown with chucktodd and StuPolitics at 9:40am on MSNBC 
Catch Charlie on MSNBC with alexwitt at 10:45am as he discusses his recent NationalJournal column on  
In his NationalJournal column, Charlie takes a look at Medicare taxes and benefits 
More House Ratings changes: RI-01 Solid D to Lean D, MD-01 Likely R to Lean R, NE-02 Solid R to Likely R 
House Ratings Changes CA: CA-19 Solid R-gt;Likely R, CA-26 Lean R -gt;Toss, CA-42 Solid R-gt;Toss, CA-24 Solid R-gt;Lean R , CA-50 Solid R-gt;Likely R 
In case you missed it: Charlie on the drshow this morning talking politicians and ethics 
RT markzbarabak: Fun fact from Rhodes Cook Report (amid reapport frenzy): 2012 is100th anniversary of Congress growing to 435 seats. 
Cook Political Report House Ratings change: Boren retirement moves  from Solid D to Lean R. House Ratings Chart: 
Charlie says Democrats are in a corner over their ownership of the economy in his NationalJournal Daily column 
Don't miss Charlie on MSNBC at 1pm with mitchellreports talking about his latest NationalJournal column 
Charlie's NationalJournal column examines the housing slump  recent poll by POStqia  celindalake for NAHBhome 
Charlie's latest NationalJournal column on the factors dragging down both Democrats and Republicans heading into '12 
Don't miss Charlie on dailyrundown with StuPolitics, chucktodd and savannahguthrie to discuss the 2012 Presidential contest 
Cook Ratings Changes:  moves from Solid R to Likely R,  moves from Toss Up to Likely R and  moves from Toss Up to Lean D 
In NationalJournal, Charlie examines how each faction of the GOP could stop a presidential candidacy in its tracks 
Charlie examines why the Pres hasn't had more of a bump in the polls since the death of bin Laden NationalJournal 
House Ratings Changes today:  OPEN (Akin) Likely R to Lean R and  OPEN (Berg) Solid R to Likely R 
NY-26 moves from Lean Republican to Toss Up: 
 moves from Solid D to Toss Up as a result of Kohl's retirement. Check out our Senate Race Ratings here: 
Charlie: If the economy doesn't improve,the President can't bank on continued high approval ratings NationalJournal 
New Cook Political Report House Race Ratings in IN and OK here: 
Charlie's latest NationalJournal Daily column: Upon Further Examination 
Bouncewatch: New Gallup out  1pm EDT, be sure to watch www.gallup.com for the latest numbers 
Unemployed 27+ weeks:5.8mil, -283k from March. U-6 unemployment rate: unempl rate+working p/t but want f/t + given up looking: 15.9, up .2 
Look for post-OBL euphoria to give way to tough and ugly economy and $3.98 gallon gas. 
Unemployment report mixed. Dems will point to 244,000 new jobs. GOP will point to jobless rate up from 8.8 to 9.0. 
House Ratings Change: NY-26 Special Likely Republican to Lean Republican 
AAA Daily Fuel Gage Report: Current price for reg $3.99-higher than yesterday, last week, last month and $1 hi (cont) 
We are also eagerly awaiting tomorrow morning's unemployment report 
Check out the latest Gallup survey- this is the first major, multi-night survey conducted since the bin Laden raid 
Charlie's NationalJournal Daily column: It's a mistake to see bin Laden's death as a game-changer for Obama 
RT njhotline: Charlie Cook: Pawlenty, Daniels, Romney all able to fill gap with Barbour's departure.  
Don't miss your chance to purchase "Better Know a District: 2012 State by State Redistricting Outlook" 
In his NationalJournal column, Charlie says the economy presents harsh realities for both parties 
Check out our 2012 Electoral College dashboard at www.cookpolitical.com 
Charlie's NationalJournal column today: Wave Elections Might Be Washed Up For Now 
Obama Gallup job ratings now tied for record low: 
A week ago Republican Medicare proposal looked suicidal. Now the Presidents  dropping fast. Fascinating. 
Don't miss Charlie's latest NationalJournal column on why Donald Trump is a joke 
Check out Charlie's NationalJournal Daily column on the looming debt limit debate: Once More, Into the Breach 
Charlie will be on MSNBC with MitchellReports at 1pm to discuss his latest NationalJournal column on Republican's misread mandate 
Charlie:Republican's push to revamp Medicare could cost them seats in the next election-Death Wish? NationalJournal 
Bret_Baier Thanks Bret! 
RT njhotline: Cook: Biggest concern among GOP strategists in 2 yrs: Party endangered by move from swing voters? 
Cook in NationalJournal:"Americans ignore debt crises in Europe  democracy mvments in Mddl East at their own peril" 
Charlie's NationalJournal column looks at differences b/w political class and majority of American's priorities 
According to Charlie in his nationaljournal column, the President is in a good spot for reelection. Obama's Advantage: 
 Lead D to Toss Up: 
In his NationalJournal column, Charlie says 'The Die Isn't Cast" for Senate Democrats in 2012 
Getting a Political Life: Charlie's NationalJournal Daily column today on the debate over government spending 
Trend or Fluke? Charlie's NationalJournal column on Independent's view of the role of government in NBC/WSJ poll 
What we're reading today: "Voters to Congress: Cut Federal Spending Now" memo from Resurgent Republic 
Don't miss Charlie's latest NationalJournal Daily column: "Checking Out the Political Forest" 
Another good weekend read: Gallup happiness by Congressional District in the NYT 
Our rainy Saturday reading: the latest NBC/WSJ poll questionnaire 
Charlie examines the field of possible Republican presidential nominees In his NationalJournal column this week: 
Charlie's latest NationalJournal Daily column: "Forecasting the Dynamics for 2012" 
Check out Charlie's NationalJournal video in which he takes a look at what the next 3 cycles hold for the Senate 
Check out Charlie earlier today on cspanwj discussing the decline in Democratic states since 2008 
Check out Charlie's nationaljournal video on why Obama might be hard to beat in 2012 
Bingaman retirement moves  to Toss Up. 6 Democratic held seats now in Toss Up, while just 2 Republicans 
Charlie's NationalJournal column this week focuses on the impending budget fight: "Hang on Tight" 
Great column RT nathanlgonzales: stupolitics writes about brain injuries  talk of a Giffords Senate run 
Charlie takes a look at the $$ needed to fund a presidential run in his NationalJournal Daily column 
amyewalter this is as close as it gets friend! 
Welcome to twitter stupolitics! 
In his NationalJournal column today, Charlie discusses why redistricting this year will be different than before 
Retirement of Sen. Kyl moves  from Solid Republican to Likely Republican 
Retirement of Rep. Chris Lee in  moves the race from Solid R to Likely R 
Don't miss Charlie on MSNBC's Daily Rundown with chucktodd, savannahguthrie and Stu Rothenberg in just a few minutes 
LAItweet Many thanks to all the folks at Leading Authorities. Charlie couldn't be happier to be an LAI exclusive speaker! 
In his NationalJournal Daily column, Charlie examines how the economy will impact Pres.Obama's reelection chances 
In his weekly NationalJournal column, Charlie warns: 'Beware the Swan" 
House Ratings Changes: CT-05 Likely D to Lean D and MT-ALSolid R to Lean R 
Charlie reports on Daley breakfast with reporters this morning: 'The Whole World Is Watching' 
RT nationaljournal: After  pick, nationaljournal columnist atones (crow involved) 
In his NationalJournal Daily column, Charlie looks ahead to 2012 and sees the possibility of a "normal" election 
 moves to Toss Up with Rehberg announcement on Saturday 5 Democratic-held seats now in Toss Up 
Charlie in today's NationalJournal: Control of the Senate could hinge on how many incumbents decide not to run in 2012 
Don't miss Charlie on MSNBC with mitchellreports at 1:15pm today to discuss the latest NBC/WSJ poll and the upcoming SOTU address 
RT POStqia: POS TQIA : NBC News / Wall Street Journal 
Charlie says both sides can afford to dial down the rhetoric and "Hold the Hysterics" in his nationaljournal column 
Conrad retirement moves North Dakota Senate to Toss Up. Check out our full 2012 Senate Race Ratings Chart here: 
Don't miss Charlie's nationaljouranl column: Dialing It Down 
RT LAItweet: Charlie Cook will be on MSNBC with mitchellreports at 1:30pm today to discuss his latest nationaljournal column 
Charlie Cook says "The Vitriol Will Likely Return" in his new nationaljournal column 
Tune in at 1:15pm to catch Charlie on MSNBC with mitchellreports 
Redistricting edition today: R's likely to gain new seats in GA, SC, UT. Dems likely to gain new seats in NV, WA. AZ is a ? for now 
Keep eye out Sun Mon when Gallup reports 1st post-X-mas Obama daily job  Now 49- 45. Had been upside down for long time. 
Check out the Cook Political Report's first reapportionment preview of "on the bubble" states: 
Charlie discusses the first round of Cook Political Report 2012 ratings in his NationalJournal column today: 
Cook Political Report Governors Race Rating Change:  Toss Up to Likely Republican 
Don't miss the new  poll: 
Charlie's NJDaily Off To The Races Column: The Stages of Political Grief 
Off To the Races in NJDaily: Charlie discuses how Democrats are stuck on messages that ignore the bigger problems 
Trying again: Check out our 2011/2012 House Senate and Governors ratings 
Don't miss Charlie on MSNBC with mitchellreports in 10 minutes 
Thanks amyewalter and rickklein! 
Our Election Insight via Hotline On Call: For Candidates This Cycle, "Ordinary" Was In 
From Charlie: Tim Storey is the go-to guy for state legislative politics. This is an important read 
RT ron_fournier: RT njhotline: Wondering what REALLY happened last night?  livestream NOW. And C-SPAN2. 
Dont miss Charlie Cook and ChuckTodd on  today at 5pm 
RT Dave_Wasserman: Ok, one last thing: hands down, award for best coverage/analysis of House races this cycle goes to njhotline's Tim Sahd 
Don't miss the Viewer's Guide to Election Night from The Cook Political Report 
RT nationaljournal:Today's Need-to-Know Video: Charlie Cook explains why the midterms won't mean Dems are doomed in 2012 
Dont miss Charlie Cook and Stu Rothenberg on DailyRundown with ChuckTodd and SavannahGuthrie this morning at 9:10am on MSNBC 
RT Dave_Wasserman: Our math: If the Toss Ups split evenly and every Lean/Likely goes way it should, R's net exactly 50 seats 
Check out Charlie Cook and Stu Rothenberg on MorningJoe this morning, giving a final preview for Election Day: 
Senate Rating Change:  Toss Up to Lean R 
House Ratings Changes: Lean D to Toss Up: ME-01, MN-08, NC-07  VA-09; Likely D to Lean D: ME-02  UT-02; Likely D to Solid D: NC-04  TX-25 
House Ratings Changes:Toss Up to Lean R: AR-01, MD-01, NV-03  NM-02; Lean R to Likely R: FL-08  PA-15; Likely R to Solid R: CA-45  MI-03 
RT TheFix: The "Final Countdown" w/ davidgregory, thefix, jmartpolitico, Charlie Cook and Kelly O'Donnell is here: 
Updated Senate Outlook- Republican gain of 6 to 8 seats, down from 7 to 9 
Our weekly Election Insight for Hotline On Call: Farewell to Precinct Reporting 
Governors Race Ratings changes: Toss Up to Lean D  and  
Governors Race Ratings changes: Toss Up to Lean R    and  GOV, Likely R to Lean R  and Likely R to Solid R  
Charlie's latest NationalJournal Need to Know Video: What to watch for on Election Night 
RT MorningJoeguest: MJ MON: Barnicle, Charles Blow, Andrea Mitchell, Todd, Chris Russo, Charlie Cook, Sen. Bayh, Burnett, Gangel, Bennett 
House Ratings changes: Toss Up to Lean D: IA-03 and Lean D to Likely D: DE-AL and WV-03 
House Ratings changes: Toss Up to Lean R: FL-02, GA-08 and Lean R to Likely R: TN-08 
House Ratings changes:Lean D to Toss Up: CA-20, ID-01, NY-01, VA-11, WA-02 and Likely D to Lean D:MA-04, ME-01 and 
Our Race to Know via Hotline On Call: 5 House Races To Watch On Election Night 
RT BetsyMTP  10/31rndtble:Tom Brokaw nbcnews, Charlie Cook CookPolitical,Mark Halperin TIMEThePage, Michele Norris NPR  chucktodd 
Don't miss Charlie on MorningJoe in just a few minutes 
One week to go:The Cook Political Report's pre-election House outlook is a Democratic net loss of 48 to 60 seats, w/ higher losses possible 
One week to go: The Cook Political Report's current Senate outlook continues to be a 7 to 9 seat net gain for Republicans. 
7 House races move from Solid D to Likely D: MA-06, NJ-06, NC-04, OH-10, OR-04, TN-05 and TX-25 
Q  A with Charlie in the Washington Post 
Our Races to Know via Hotline On Call: A look at the a few Senate and Governors races with just a week to go 
Charlie discusses predicting the wave in today's NationalJournal Need-to-Know video 
Don't miss Charlie's NationalJournal column for this week: 
For nationaljournal today Charlie takes a close look at the Senate with 1week to go: Will Democracts hold the Senate? 
Check out the new National Journal! www.NationalJournal.com nationaljournal 
Our latest Election Insight on the NV Senate race via Hotline On Call: Nevada's High Rollers 
Senate Race Ratings Changes:  Toss Up to Lean D,  Toss Up to Lean R,  Toss Up to Lean R 
A brief look at "Predicting the Election Night Surprises": 
Races to Know via Hotline On Call: AK  PA Senate 
Don't miss Charlie's congressdaily column: The Third Wave In A Row 
Election Insight: Personal Attacks Fly in House Races 
Don't miss Charlie's latest NationalJournal column: House Flips. Senate Doesn't. 
RT nationaljournal: Dems Likely To More Than 50 Seats: The Cook Political Report's David Wasserman's latest outlook 
Ratings Changes:  Lean R to Likely R  Lean R to Likely R  Toss to Likely R  Likely R to Lean R 
Another Race To Know via Hotline on Call: Vulnerable Veterans 
Check out our Races To Know via Hotline On Call:  and  
Charlie's CongressDaily column on Dems failure to woo swing voters: Triage Time for Democrats 
House Ratings changes:Solid D to Likely D- AZ-07(Grijalva),MA-04 (Frank),MN-08 (Oberstar),NM-03 (Lujan)  TX-27 (Ortiz) 
More on our House ratings changes via Hotline On Call: 
Election Insight: How The GOP Could Gain Senate Seats Before Next Year 
House Ratings changes today: Lead D to Likely D- OH-13 
House Ratings changes today: Toss Up to Lean D- LA-02 
House Ratings changes today: Likely D to Lean D- CT-05, MN-01, MS-04, NY-25 and NC-02 
House Ratings changes today: Lean D to Toss Up- AL-02, AZ-08, GA-02, KY-06, NJ-03, NY-23, OR-05 
House Ratings changes today:Toss Up to Lean R- AZ-01,CO-04,FL-08,FL-24,IL-11,OH-01,OH-15,PA-03,TX-17,VA-02,VA-05,WI-08 
This week's National Journal column: Dems Batten Down the Hatches, losses this midterms could be bigger than 1994 
Gallup post on greater interest among men in this election, esp Republican men, what Charlie calls "the Fox Factor": 
Ds now have 86 seats rated as Lean D or worse compared to Rs who have just seven seats rated as Lean R or worse: 
House Ratings changes today: NC-07 (Mike McIntyre) and WI-03 Ron Kind Likely D to Lean D 
Governors Ratings changes today: OK GOV- Lean R to Likely R and TN GOV- Likely R to Solid R 
Senate Ratings changes today: FL SEN- Toss Up to Lean R and NH SEN-Toss Up to Lean R 
Cook Races To Know via Hotline On Call: NV SEN and CO SEN 
Charlie's CongressDaily column: A Squandered September For Democrats 
Cook Political Race to Know brought to you by Hotline On Call: McIntyre Faces Polar Opposite In NC 07 
Cook Election Insight for Hotline On Call: GOP Outside Groups Dominating Airwaves in House Races 
Don't miss Charlie's National Journal nationaljournal) coulmn on the ebb and flow of polls: 
Watch Charlie Cook, chucktodd, John King and more live at the Washington Ideas Forum here:  
Ratings Changes:WV Sen(Lean D to Toss), NH Gov(Solid D to Toss), IA Gov(Toss to Likely R), ME Gov(Lean D to Toss) and MD Gov(Lean D to Toss) 
RT nationaljournal: More Races To Know from The Cook Political Report: MO SEN, NV SEN, WV SEN... 
RT nationaljournal: Cook Political Report's Race To Know: Taylor's Troubles: Rep. Gene Taylor (D) 
Friend/frmr colleague Lou Jacobson's latest forecast for state leg contests: Rs +4-12 st Sen chambers  6-15 st houses 
NBC/WSJ Generic was even among reg voters, R+3 among likely voters  R+9 among those with interest levels of 9 10 
Today's CongressDaily/AM congressdaily) column: The GOP Wave Keeps Coming 
More Greenberg: 2008 dropoff voters, D's + 30pts, 59-29. 2010 likely voters, Reps +10, 50-40 
Check out Greenberg's most recent poll: Look at differences in generic, party attitudes, everything btwn 2010 LV's and 2008 dropoffs 
Five Solid D races move to Likely D today: ME-02 (Michaud), MA-05 (Tsongas), MS-04 (Taylor), NY-22 (Hinchey) and WA-09 (Smith) 
Election Data Services has updated CD reapportionment projections:TX+4, FL+2, AZ, GA, NV, SC,UT,WA +1. NY  OH -2,IL,IA,LA,MA,MI,MO,NJ,PA -1 
Gallup:generic  church attendance among white RVs:Ds+11 for those who seldom/nvr go to church,-24 for wkly or mthly,-40 for wkly attendees 
Check out Charlie and Al Hunt at AdWeek on Wednesday 
Teaser on today's House ratings changes: 
7 House ratings changes today:10 Democratic open seats are poised to fall to Republicans, 4 are Toss Ups and only 2 sit in the Lean D column 
Must read piece by Glen Bolger POStqia highlighting Democrats problems in key seats 
More Races to Know from the Cook Political Report in Hotline On Call: 
Don't miss one of our Races to Know in Hotline On Call: 
Check out the new 2010 US Election Ratings map from Google featuring Cook Political Report race ratings: 
CongressDailyAM column preview: Charlie examines a newly identified subgroup of swing voters called "Walmart moms." 
Alaska Senate moves from Solid Republican to Likely Republican 
Per a memo from Bill McInturff (of POS) last night: DE turnout was massive and EXCEEDED presidential level primary turn-out (including 08) 
Don't miss the latest Democracy Corps memo- This is the advice top Democratic strategists and officials are getting 
Check out Charlie on Hardball RT brookebrower:  Thurs: CookPolitical/@NBCNews' Charlie Cook  fivethirtyeight's Nate Silver 
House Ratings Changes: IL-17, IA-02, ME-01, OH-06, WV-03. IL-17 to Toss up brings the total of Toss Up seats to 50. 
The Cook Political Report is excited to be bringing you our ratings changes, links to analysis and more. Visit us at www.cookpolitical.com 
