text 
I like how CNN calls every day with multiple primaries "Super Tuesday," like it's Peter Gabriel c. 1980 choosing solo album titles. 
Okay. 
Whoa, Chaka Fattah lost? 
! 
More impressive when you consider that John Oliver EVISCERATED him two months ago. 
When bae throws back that third glass of Ciroc and starts talking about chemtrails 
jaketapper No! 
Unrelated: I am in Portland and I understand why people get here and never leave. 
Follow British reporter Bencjacobs for surprisingly incisive analysis of the old colony of Maryland. 
Okay, I also groaned at the DeRay media hype, but you can't say "run for office if you want change" then LOL when someone does... 
I find Cruz's un-jockishness totally endearing. 
HeyMickeyHeyMic I dont mind THAT kind of scolding! I mind you made a typo, how do they allow you to write etc. 
Trump winning 60-70 of the vote in the PA/MD counties that border West Virginia. He could blow that out on May 10 (as Cruz wins Nebraska). 
I am very proud to be Ankit Loves friend, and to have voted for him as student body president in 2000. 
Meanwhile, less than four hours left for voters to register Dem in Oregon and Bernie volunteers are making calls 
My wrap on Kasich's bad night 
Have we seen the last of Cruz's stump speech line about how Trump has a 35 support ceiling? (My guess is no.) 
The result: Bathrooms in the other 303 counties can ONLY be used by trans people. 
Congrats Mobute on sweeping five out of five primaries tonight! 
Congrats to the voters of Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland, and Delaware on joining the deep south! Enjoy the cornbread. 
Sanders, in statement, calls Rhode Island "the one state with an open primary where independents had a say in the outcome." 
Yeah, 2/3 of Bridgeport is out, 2/3 of New Haven. Clinton will win  
Theres enough of the NY suburbs and the cities (Bridgeport, New Haven, Hartford) out for Clinton to win CT. Maybe! 
Clinton winning Connecticut Dems by 18 points; Sanders in the hunt bc of 54-point margin with crossover independents. 
Good night for liberals in MD with Jamie Raskin looking likely to take over Van Hollens seat. (Defeating Chris Matthewss wife!) 
Meanwhile Anthony Brown, the guy who blew the un-loseable 2014 gov race for MD Dems, is up in the primary for a safe House seat. 
Will we get one of those RNC hey ignore how Trump won tonight and check out how Hillary didnt do all that great press releases? 
Not quite news anymore, but 70 of PA Republicans favor a temporary ban on Muslims entering the US. 
Hillary has now won two of the three most American states: Maryland and Delaware. Now just needs to win Pennsylvania. 
Cruz looking to finish third in Delaware, where, as he often points out, his mother is from. Never campaigned there. (WTA and Trump was up.) 
Clinton will win Delaware.  
After tonight, Donald Trump will have won 12 of the 13 original colonies. He's also favored to win in the 13th, New Jersey. 
Clinton is currently leading in New Haven, which does not auger particularly well for Sanders. 
Kasich, having scrapped his Indiana events as part of the Cruz deal, is not making remarks tonight. 
Looking like a Van Hollen win in  Finally, a white dude with a Harvard degree gets a break in this country. 
Hillary winning 76 of the black vote in MD, despite copious Sanders outreach in Baltimore. (And I saw him stump in PG County!) 
Meanwhile, MD is the 11th state Hillary lost to Obama in 2008 but won this year. (MD, IL, IA, MO, LA, AL, MS, GA, SC, NC, VA) 
If Sanders wins RI, it will be the third state  after OK and NH  that Hillary won in 2008 but lost this time. (MI is its own thing.) 
Hey guys remember when Wisconsin was a turning point in the primary 
Exits have Kasich 3rd in PA, 2nd but not keeping Trump under 50 in CT. One of the worst results he could expect. 
Why yes, Comcast, 20 minutes before the polls calls is a great time to hit me with a sales call. 
Talked to a Democratic voter who said "Hillary is systemic racism personified" but would vote for her against Trump 
At the very least, scrawl "AVENGE ME" in blood on the back of a treasure map. 
Seriously, this is like the part of the party where most people are gone and the guy nobody knows whips out a guitar 
Matt_D_Cohen redonionrecords Beach House of Pain 
That canceled Trump foreign policy speech has merely been moved to a larger venue! Its all gonna work out, folks! 
Bernghazi 
The Vermonter. The Sunset Limited. The uh... Snowpiercer. And .... .... ... Thomas? 
Currently in my head: "LOL nothing matters" to the tune of Metallica's "Nothing Else Matters." 
mrbenwexler I'm being diplomatic 
If he loses nom, Sanders will literally never be hit by a GOP attack; supporters will claim, forever, he was more electable than Hillary. 
RIP saletan's mentions 
Let 'em try. We'll send our shell corporations into battle like the ghosts in "Return of the King." 
We have three, which is the perfect number. Anything else is too much. 
Counties to watch tonight: PA: Waukesha MD: Waukesha CT: Waukesha RI: Waukesha DE: New Castle 
I will kill you in your sleep 
Also, I keep hearing anchors mispronounce "Baltimore." It is pronounced "Ball-mer." 
Today's primaries reflect the will of voters who pronounce "water" correctly: "Wudder." 
Or New Jersey, or Massachusetts 
Indeed. Let's make  happen. 
So, he's running. 
The shit-stirring is so obvious. Koch COULD back Clinton if she governed completely differently than she says, derp 
malthusian_trap I LOL'd 
We're still doing the "momentum" thing instead of "outcomes predictable through demographics," huh 
TealBomb I'm needling Avi, who hates that media has focused so much on DeRay 
Follow avizenilman for all the latest on DeRay's coming mayoral victory 
Ahem: If trans people are allowed to use bathroom, pointing cameras into stalls will still be illegal. 
Actually the test of the team is in the Pennsylvania delegate process, which isn't going well for them. 
 
macjaeh jondaly Double-yoy! 
I forgot the joys of the yinzer accent 
Sanders, who actually remembers the 2000 election, is never going to team up with Jill Stein. Sorry to disappoint. 
Voter at Kasich asks if hed make Carly Fiorina his vice president. There are more groans than cheers in the room. 
Really interesting intramural debate for  
Kasich gets asked about deal: Its nothing more than an effort to target the resources, because were going to head to a open convention." 
John Katichs walk-on music tonight was Renegade by Styx. Just give him the nomination already. 
Congrats Mobute! 
Met a McKees Rocks voter who played basketball with Kasich growing up. "We always thought he'd be pope." 
New Kasich lit 
Invalid if you leave out the  
Kasich canvasser in his hometown tells me Cruz/Kasich should have kept deal quiet; he's meeting voters who switched to Trump bc of it 
Wow RINO 
Ran into Bernie canvassers in McKees Rocks, the umpteenth to complain to me about the day WaPo ran a bunch of articles criticizing him. 
Hide ya kids, hide ya wife, they jihadin' everybody up in here 
Is he trying to lose the swin24 vote? 
He'll call for Tom Brady to go on the $20 bill. 
Bruh 
Every cable interview with an RNC official: Do you want to make news? No, but here is some word-shaped air." 
Oh yeah, I remember when that tape was going to help Cruz and Rubio bring down Trump 
Quick explainer of how much more Cruz gets out of this deal than Kasich 
Great katiezez look at the trans issue and Trump/Cruz  not enough to help Cruz this week, probably in Indiana 
Poor guy will have to settle for 24 counties and a state capital being named for him 
I really should charge for it 
Public transportation tip: Having one hand on a suitcase does not exempt you from using the other to cover your cough. 
He's also been calling on others to "prayfully" quit and endorse him since March 1 
michaelshure I don't want to like that tweet! 
Kasich campaign source says the deal w the Cruz campaign was discussed for months, only firmed up today. 
In statement, Cruz campaign's Jeff Roe says theyre willing to "clear the path for Gov. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico." 
So, uh what if she tried to share the bathroom with your son? 
Meme shared by Bernie-loving friend on FB. Wholl break it to her that the CA primary and WA caucus are different? 
Found an early demo of Prince's "third eye" glasses, worn by Swedish prog artist Ardy Strwer in 1970. 
drvox My bet is that even if Rs lose the Senate, they try to block President Clinton II from replacing Scalia. 
VicBergerIV 
This venue played Prince songs during intermission and Bowie songs when the lights went on. Cheery 
Yessss 
Former Senator Harris Wofford, coming out of the closet at age 90. Thats a screenplay if Ive ever seen one. 
Trump's final pre-vote rally in PA will be in Wilkes-Barre, maybe the ultimate Trump city -- in decline since before WWII 
chrislhayes I suppose the "at birth" is extraneous 
chrislhayes Is gender something you are biologically assigned at birth, or is it fluid? 
NumbersMuncher BenjySarlin "I've actually become a bit more dangerous without it than with it." 
Can You Remember Who's Dead on Game of Thrones? I scored 16 out of 20! via Slate 
Also, born in Minnesota, if you want to double up on swing states 
Really good NateSilver538 look at how Trumps theyre trying to steal it message is working 
negrino Not a sore subject! It's late but I'm taking off some time to finish. 
pattonoswalt My heart is breaking for you and your family. So grateful for your wifes writing, and so many people are thinking of you all. 
Pretty excited to see THEadrianbelew scoring a Pixar movie 
SteveKornacki It was [dramatic pause] a turning point. 
Thank you, Charles Krauthammer 
Shit: Broken. 
Something well hear a lot about next month: London is on the verge of electing a Muslim mayor. 
RadioFreeTom sounds like you're through being cool 
Pretty sure it's already an Against Me! song 
Had Obama followed the Cruz strategy in the Senate Im not sure he would have been likable 
Im a weirdo who refuses to use the singular they but thinks trans bathroom panic is odious. 
timheidecker Totally. Panic about your kids turning gay or being molested is powerful, odious politics. 
 VicBergerIV today as Ted Cruz comes to real America: Allentown. 
This, and the lack of anything like that happening in places where bathrooms are all-gender, is what bugs me 
I think the unstated worry - kids coming to see gender fluid people as "normal" - makes more sense than the "child molester loophole" stuff. 
Man, other people think about where you poop a lot more than I do. 
I've heard a lot of pols asked how they'd react if their kid was gay; has any been ask how they'd react if their kid ID'd as another gender? 
In general Trump's never cared about culture war issues; more focused on law and order/terror. 
Same flier they've used since New Hampshire 
Yes, the 90s, that hellscape of full employment 
When u click on that hot take 
When references to Lets Go Crazy go wrong 
We should really be changing the lights in elevators 
Im a registered Republican, but good try! 
Come on, praising Flacco is a April 26 primary twofer  Ravens fans in MD and DE, and Flacco started as a Blue Hen. 
This doesnt quite disprove his theory that he can win the WH by narrow-casting and turning out more conservatives. 
WMUR poll puts Cruzs unfavorable rating in NH at 72, which seems insane. 
Given that CWA mostly exists as a react quote dispensary, seems odd to leave out the endorsement. 
Why do people quote Penny Nance for expertise on Trump/women w/o mentioning she is a Cruz endorser? 
Whoa if true 
edgarwright l was just remembering Shaun chucking the "Batman" soundtrack at zombies and got my first smile of the day. 
I was born in 1981 so I think my first awareness of Prince was The Joker smashing up a museum to "Partyman." 
X-Files theme 
And now we pause our political transgender bathroom panic to remember a gender-bending artist who everybody loved. 
This year should be goddamn illegal. 
racial transcendence through trolling 
There have been 54 Speakers of the House, one of whom is a convicted child molester. And yet Speakers of the House roam our bathrooms... 
Based on evidence so far this year, a trans woman is far less likely to harm children than a four-term Speaker of the House. 
Among New Jersey Republicans, Trumps favorable rating is 63. Cruzs is 39. 
DISTURBING FACT: Right now its legal for a male pedophile to enter a mens bathroom. 
Area Man Had Lousy Tuesday 
Cruz has, indeed, won 3 state conventions west of the Mississippi: ND, WY, CO. And its WORSE for Trump than east. But competitive. (2/2) 
Cruz: "Trump hasnt done well west of the Mississippi. Trump as won six elections there: MO, AR, LA, AZ, NV, HI. Cruz, seven. (1/2) 
Did the Baltimore Sun get taken by a fake-name prankster? Maybe not! 
Uh, even if they did, theres that pesky law against CHILD MOLESTATION. 
Well he did some things, and they were really great things, let me tell you. 
BTW the Brass Eye pedo special is maybe the best news parody of all time. 
Most fears are overblown. Its what the news runs on. 
My discomfort level is pretty high when I hear Justin Bieber playing in a store but you dont see me passing laws. 
It does! I dont care where you crap or how you use your gun if youre not hurting anyone. 
Befuddled by the predator argument for bathroom laws. Surely, molesting people will remain illegal even if trans people can use the room? 
(Cruz told that to Glenn Beck just now.) 
Cruz: There are some bad people in the world, and we shouldnt be facilitating putting little girls in a bathroom with grown adult men." 
So Ted Cruz is the only candidate for president endorsing laws to stop trans people from using the bathrooms of the gender they ID as. 
IMO Trump is misreading $20 sentiment on the right. There's plenty of enthusiasm for replacing a hated Dem with Tubman! 
This is the second consecutive year when this has happened, right? 
sahilkapur tina_nguyen Bob Taft! 
BTW, we are further from the release of "Nevermind" (25 years) than "The Producers" was from the end of WWII (23 years). 
Look out, here comes the master race -- a really fantastic race, just tremendous 
New Jersey has 51 winner-take-all delegates, and no one is even close to taking them from Trump 
I have found the crucial California county that it will all come down to 
Notable: The big lede from Cruzs presser today seems to be contested convention, not him challenging Trump to a(nother) debate. 
By my math, even if Trump has a bad May, he is not mathematically eliminated from securing 1237 delegates until California votes. 
I think you are confusing him with Jefferson (or Polk). 
Getcher tickets now 
u mad 
I want to call April 26 the Wawa Primary, but CT/RI complicate it. 
Sad! 
Looks like Hillary won 21 of New Yorks CDs and Bernie won 6. His best: NY19, where Zephyr Teachout is running for House. 
Cruz next week: "We have won (coughs loudly) of the last 10 states!" 
Donald on the $20, Melania on the $10, Ivanka on the $5, etc 
If you don't count the places where I lose, I win! 
Well, "Our American Cousin" wasn't a musical... 
 
This is also Cruz's spin, which hand-waves away the election-less wins in CO, ND, WY 
Still think Obama should rename DCA Kwame Ture National Airport on his last day 
Counties are people, too! (A congressional district map looks worse for Sanders.) 
Shouldn't Jackson fans be happy that he is no longer going to be identified with the sort of central banking he warred against? 
The yeet vine is my favorite film of the 21st century so far. 
Free idea: White supremacists kidnap Andrew Lloyd Webber and make him write a Jackson musical to Save the 20 from black people 
Andrew Jackson rn 
Really pumped for the Return of Kings  on the $20 
Harriet Tubman? But she didn't even wantonly murder any native Americans! 
+ Trump up 28 points in winner-take-all New Jersey. Heidi Cruz is there but you have to assume it falls off the map. 
New Q-poll of CT: Trump 48, Kasich 28, Cruz 19. Actually not great for Trump as he sweeps delegates if he hits 50. 
Oregon votes in a few weeks. The last presidential poll there was 23 months ago. 
Trump would have much preferred losing a CO caucus by like 10-20 points to getting shut out in a delegate convention 
Also apparently presidential means retweeting maybe 50 fewer white supremacists 
 
jonathanhsinger brianbeutler Bencjacobs Yes, one reason OR Rs havent won gov race since Carter is that primaries promote wingnuts. 
That said, just as the CO GOPs decision to scrap a preference vote helped Cruz, the WA GOPs decision to move a primary could hurt him. 
sinderbrand pbump  
One plus for Cruz: May is like a parade of promising states. Nebraska on May 10, Oregon a week later, then Washington. 
Look at upstate districts where Trump barely cracked 50 then ask why the big  money didnt buy any ads 
33 days ago! Define nears." 
Better to pivot to this now than after April 26, when its even more obvious 
Looks like Kings County (Brooklyn) was the only one where Cruz beat Kasich for second place.  
Kasich lost badly last night, but he got something he wanted: the end of Cruzs ability to clinch before the RNC 
New Yorks primary was also the nine-month anniversary of the McCain gaffe that obviously was going to end Trumps campaign. 
That 9 pm CNN graphic showing Bernie down just 4 points in the first exists seems so cruel now, so Lucy-and-the-football. 
Donald Trump got more votes in losing Ohio (713,404) than he got in winning New York (518,601). 
Everything except Aprihop. 
jbarro very 
jbarro is the Stephen Curry of trolling 
IanSams Youre gonna wanna balance it out with some water, pronounced wudder." 
Kasich. 
Instead, Trump embraced his lets call it his "right to rise." 
notropis01 freddoso I blame jpodhoretz for lots of things 
Also, make sure to follow British reporter Bencjacobs for colourful journalism from the Maryland primary. 
In Delaware, we dont care how you eat pizza, as long as its Grottos, and you wash it down with Dogfish Head 90 Minute. 
Anyway, its good to leave the fake America of New York for the real America: Delaware. 
jschaf01 freddoso Um, read the note 
Meanwhile, HA Goodman is putting all his chips on maybe the FBI will bring down Hillary please please please 
Also, Hillary is about 30,000 votes away from matching her 2008 total of 1,068,496. 
GOP NY primary vote totals 2000: 764,429 2008: 645,326 2012: 189,599 2016: 851,947 with more to count 
Bernie Sanderss best county in  Clinton County, where he won 74. (It borders Vermont.) 
pbump Sad! 
I think Dean Skelos lost it, tbh 
Actually you got something wrong in the tweet you already deleted Twitter is the best Twitter 
aaronmbeckman mercurialblonde JenKirkman Thats the point. If he stuck to his February position hed lose definitely in June. 
dwbeard I deleted it! 
Best news for Dems tonight: They won NYs 9th Senate district, vacated when the crooked R majority leader left. 
pinokole ForecasterEnten I was unable to vote in DC but would have backed Kasich. 
(I know, Indiana is in two weeks  Im talking about the spin on April 26 when were pivoting again.) 
Lets clip-and-save tonights the race is over punditry for a week from now when It All Comes Down to Indiana. 
mercurialblonde earl_con JenKirkman Voting isnt about your self-satisfaction. In limited terms, its about who replaces Scalia. 
Primaries: Hillary 17, Bernie 5 Caucuses: Bernie 11, Hillary 2 
Trumpmentum 
Kasich is now leading in NY-12 which  again  is the district containing Trump Tower. 
If Sanders actually tries to win by flipping super delegates, hell be asking for a lot of hypocrisy from his base. 
I dont think hell stick to this if Sanders loses California. 
Forget it, Jack. Its Ithaca. 
One of these maps shows Hillary Clinton winning 57.4 of the vote. The other shows her winning 57.6. 
Useless fact: Trump has now won seven of the original 13 colonies. (MA, NH, NY, VA, NC, SC, GA) 
jbarro 
Superdelegates, being party activists, may be more skeptical that the socialist candidates poll  could hold up 
I now see four NYC districts where Trump and Kasich will split delegates 2-1: 5th, 10th, 12th, 13th 
Worse for the WFP than the Sanders loss, I think, is that its candidate is narrowly losing the race to replace Shelly Silver. 
Still nothing in from Nassau. I think Trump can actually stick at 60. 
Hillary winning 75 of the black vote in NY, and 60 of Brooklyn  worst thing to happen to Spike Lee since She Hate Me." 
Hey guys remember how Wisconsin was a turning point in the GOP primary 
Still nothing counted from NY04, which has the second biggest  of Republicans. Expect a Trump rout there. 
Exit polls now adjusted and point to something more like a 56-44 Hillary win. 
Kasich still on track to win delegates in 10, 12, 24th. On the bubble in 13th, 21st, 22nd, 25th. Trump landslides everywhere else. 
I know I know, was unsure how to make that clear on twitter 
This is hilarious. Trump may win every single NY county except wait for it Manhattan. 
Trump winning 60+ in the CDs that cover Buffalo and suburbs.  
That didnt work out so well 
Trumps worst CD is the 12th, where he leads Kasich just 45-43. I believe this district includes Trump Tower. 
When you look at whats out in NY  lots of white liberal upstate  clear that Sanders will shrink the margin to 10 points or less. 
Two weeks ago I could have told you this would happen in the NY GOP primary. Hey, wait, I did! 
tnyCloseRead markrichens I spent a day there! 
Districts where Trump is below 50 and Kasich is winning a delegate: 10th, 12th, 20th, 
Dont look now but Kasich is currently winning Manhattan 
Dollars spent by Trump in order to win NY by a landslide: 
TheAmishTerp Timodc Its a fact but its pretty cold comfort! 
No sad trombone loud or sad enough for those rows of journalists just sitting there at the Trump event. 
In the 15th district, the Bronx seat where Kasich/Cruz both campaigned, Trump has 64 of the vote  212 of 332 votes. 
Did Frank ever record an album with the Pet Shop Boys? Because Liza did, and it rules. 
Expect to hear this spin some more 
Ill say this one more time: the Liza version of Theme from 'New York, York gt;gt;gt;gt;gt; Sinatra version. 
For  the worrying thing may actually be that the guy made no dumb statements in 2 weeks. 
Lucky for Cruz that hes never made fun of Hoosier Values or California Values... 
Looking tight in the Dems  Could come down to crucial Waukechester County. 
Kasich strategist John Weaver, pleased at Cruz falling to 3rd in NY, tells me we will defeat him next week as well." 
So Cruz, the man the GOP is allegedly uniting around, may come out of NY with 0 delegates. 
Hoo boy 
Free spin for Cruz: He's won five of the last six states! 
This would make NY the first state where Trump won a majority, and make him the first GOPer to win a majority in his home state. 
First wave of exit polls has Trump winning 57 of the vote in  Cruz in weak third place. 
The players gonna play play play play, which is why we need to lower their tax burden and create jobs 
America is at her best during Bikram yoga? 
aguilartist ShaunKing Crow is low carb and rich in protein 
ShaunKing I sincerely apologize for RTing one of the articles that alleged plagiarism. 
Secret service identifier -- though, to be fair, the Illuminati picked the color. 
How will people see the Republican Party (dramatic pause) comin' together behind this campaign? 
kenvogel ConsultReid Are you kidding? It's going to be "Game Change III: Trump Card" 
Area news reader immediately closes tab bc of auto-playing video that probably took a while to put together 
Sad! 
PaulWLeader tcooper9999 Read the link. There are two specific specials that anyone can vote in. 
What would election day be without people sharing fake stories of election fraud? 
arzE AstoriaTom BusterBroncoEsq Got it, I can delete that tweet. 
BTW, any voter of any party can vote in special elections today to replace crooked ex-legislators. 
I can think of a couple of differences between the NY situation and Jim Crow. 
If activist pressure can get fracking banned in NY, maybe it can change this stupid deadline. 
That said if Bernie fans stay politically engaged and get the NY registration deadline changed, itd be a great outcome for everyone. 
Nobody does. That's why a lot of people join the parties and influence them from inside instead of whining. 
SonnyBunch The Alan Moore version of the character basically did that IIRC 
IMO every state should have same-day registration and primaries (not caucuses), but whatever 
Betting that "Hillary stole NY bc indies couldn't register in time" will join "Hillary stole AZ" in the fever swamp 
They chose not to join the parties! Nobody forced them to opt out! 
They exclude themselves. It's like saying I "exclude" myself from marathon running because I don't work out enough. 
BenjySarlin ForecasterEnten "Drumpf" has been useful in tagging people who think they're smart bc they get political ideas from TV 
Slate pitch: The two-party system is  Reflexively blaming it for what ails us is lazy. 
The polls say Trump will win New York, but that's impossible, because John Oliver EVISCERATED him by calling him "Drumpf" 
The pro-Cruz super PAC ad that's been running in NY manages to pack several minutes of boring into 30 seconds 
APMike Thanks! Being mentioned on bestshow4life when the Slate series came out was a crazy honor. 
If Bernie loses nom but Dems win the Senate, he becomes the Budget chairman with an unheard-of national following. Not bad consolation prize 
"I voted for him but I don't endorse him" is the new "I endorse him" 
Hopefully to meet tourists from May/June primary states. 
So he's running for president 
Indiana votes May 3. Early voting started 13 days ago. 
My friend CJStunkard wrote a novel while I was agonizing over my book. Go read it! 
CJStunkard My second favorite publication with -ton Post in the name. 
Attention   I am on WDEL shortly 
Yeah now he has to write musicals about the next 75 Treasury secretaries 
I wrote a story with WesleyLowery once so do I get a lesser award? Like a Grammy or something? 
Man, imagine writing a musical that was released the same year as "Hamilton." 
A tragic day for haters: WesleyLowery speaking about the reporting that won his team a Pulitzer 
Congrats! To journalists! 
Follow jackshafer for the best Pulitzer livetweeting 
Gone Pulitzin' 
WesleyLowery congrats on winning the Pulitzer for best achievement in the Real Racism! 
burgessev Wait for tomorrow, when Kasich rallies in BETHESDA, Md. -- 
Sam Biddle is a national treasure 
No, but I am responsible for "Make America Bae Again," as swin24 can confirm 
bruh 
kerpen Oh, duh, Dems 
kerpen UT closed after AZ. I mean, its fair, just sleight of hand. 
This is fair! Im just noticing that Sanders counts AZ (weve won 7 of the last 8) and Cruz doesnt 
ForecasterEnten Are you excited for the breathless cable news about how this NY win means fresh momentum for Trump??? 
Fascinated by how Cruz lists wins in a row starting with UT but not counting AZ which voted the same day 
An average of  polling since Wisconsin finds Cruz bouncing from 19 to uh, 17.9. 
Gaffe gt; 
Debbie Wasserman Schultz says the nomination should ideally be decided by closed primaries 
This is the reason why Bernie Sanders isn't winning New York 
RIP your mentions 
There'll be an anamatronic animal band? 
A great deal for people who can't do math. 
Troll rating:  
Get better, Erick! 
eliasisquith haye_lamike "All I Want" sounds more like "Heroes" IMO 
Best explanation Ive seen of the Alabama governors sex scandal 
BIL  DCA 
The correct answer is always Kevin Conroy. 
John Kasich tells DanaBashCNN he needs to "cross the Rubicon"' with undecided voters, which is a problematic analogy tbh 
British reporter Bencjacobs has some good colour in this piece 
Wow, bad article by mckaycoppins in failing BuzzFeed! Nasty reporter. Sad! 
 
GOP delegates meet in the aptly named Champagne Room 
Here I model the perfect Siddhasana position 
exjon Do you have his book Music: What Happened? recommend it. 
exjon Not by me! 
Sad! 
And its -30- for me from Wyoming 
Buried lede: Trump will nuke Cleveland. 
Both times, GOP delegates have spoken up in support of refugees and immigrants, but been outvoted. 
Most media has packed up at WYGOP convention; party members now debating resolutions against refugees and "illegal aliens" 
Ted Cruz wins another round of weekend delegate hunts, by me, aolivo, and edatpost 
Exclusive blurry photo of WYGOP statewide delegates and alternates 
The other Wyoming delegates, not on the official slate, are Cruz supporters. So CRUZ SWEEPS WYOMING DRUDGE SIREN 
BREAKING: Cruz official slate wins 11 of 14 Wyoming pledged delegate slots 
Wyoming GOP currently debating whether to endorse Article V constitutional convention while prez race votes are counted 
The picture can't show this, but they're also blasting "Everybody Dance Now" as they count 
Sad! 
My colleague aolivo reports that Ted Cruz has swept the 3 available delegate slots in  Cuccinellis district. 
Follow the WYGOP press corps: laurahancock DHBerman ZekeJMiller betsy_klein ryanstruyk InesdLC HallieJackson alanhe dangallo and me 
Quick report on Cruz's speech to the WYGOP convention, where he expects to romp 
Actually, every Secretary of the Interior since Reagan has been from the west: NM, AZ, CO, ID, CO, and currently WA. 
Ah, never mind: Cruz goes after Trump a little on Dem donations. 
Also, Cruzs speech so far is almost entirely positive/issue-based  ignoring Trump, the elephant not in the room. 
Cruz in Wyoming: America is the Saudi Arabia of coal, and we are going to develop our industry." 
Wow RINO 
Lynne Cheney introducing Cruz at Wyoming GOP convention 
Again, the Trump surrogate didnt say her name, so no one is about to vote for delegates knows if she is one they should vote for. 
While Trump surrogate speaks, a GOP county delegate walks to the back of the room where some press is sitting and shaves his mustache 
KeithOlbermann Today, we are all Bo Biterman. 
I do not want my grandchildren to believe in evolution, says the Trump surrogate at the WYGOP convention. 
The Trump surrogate is actually pretty folksy and fun, but Trump may be leaving delegates on the table with this Palin snafu. 
Trump surrogate, who doesn't introduce herself, says "I wrote a speech: Not very good!" 
Right now, if Palin had not canceled, she'd be speaking to the Wyoming GOP convention. Instead we have no idea who the Trump surrogate is. 
Best delegate names in Wyoming: Island Richards, Bo Biteman, Cat Morningstar. 
This is how we nominate a president? Seriously? 
Oh, yes. I know who you are, says Liz Cheney, who despite this goes on to be perfectly friendly as I regret my Twitter persona. 
Wyoming rules. A House candidates son says his dad has guided him from my first horse-ride to my last competitive rodeo." 
Sitting on the floor of the Wyoming GOP convention eating a Taco Johns breakfast burrito. Dont be jealous. 
Good news for Trump: He does have a Wyoming slate! Bad news is that he's not competing for all 14 spots. 
Table full of Our Principles merch at Wyoming GOP convention 
Wyomingmentum for Cruz 
JustinPfefferle Search my old tweets, I make this joke a lot 
Wow RINO 
Seriously, Kasich's "gaffe" is the first advice my alma mater gives in rape prevention guidelines. 
He said that only at the end of a long, practical answer. This is a pretty bogus story. 
Current status 
Really defining "power grab" down 
The last page of 1984 
She needs a bird to land on her lectern. 
WaPoSean Middle seat to Salt Lake! 
JFK  CPR 
It spent far less on a promising Delete Your Account project. 
Luckily, the bar for "worst German leader" is set very high. 
Also it's good when people refer to it as "Orwell's 1984" so they don't mistake it for the other famous novel titled "1984." 
You've heard of hot takes, but are you even ready for this WOKE TAKE 
Puny Google Maps, you are no match for New York subway trains just up and becoming totally different number trains at night. 
Again with Bernie swiping at the deep South and boasting that he won places like Utah 
Shorter Hillary: Bernie please tell your youngs to like me 
HegartyKatie Yeah, and masterful answer 
A+ photo choice 
This is the problem: A year ago Dems hoped Bernie could push Hillary left. But every time she obliges, Bernie portrays it as a scam. 
FWIW Hillary is indeed for raising the Social Security tax cap, though she wasnt in 2008. 
briancimbolic Ohhhhhhh shit 
Its about the spies who created America, with lots of war and intrigue. Oh cool what do we call it? (dramatic pause) TURN." 
What Im saying is how does Turn get three seasons when God canceled Bunheads after one? 
Does anyone watch Turn? Have you ever been a situation where someone said bro did you watch Turn last night???" 
Abe Foxman to condemn in 3, 2 
Hillary running quite far of the actual Q of whether the Israeli response is disproportionate 
Useless fact: Both of the candidates now debating are older than the modern state of Israel. 
Sad! 
SonnyBunch shut your pig mouth 
Whoa-oh-oh  slow down. Pro-Trump New Yorkers, rude? 
Inside Bernies head when Hillary said he couldnt get his bill passed 
Actually I reported earlier this week on how Sanders would use it. 
Waiting for Bjorn Lomberg to burst through that digital wall like Kool Aid Man 
OH SNAP HE HIT HER WITH THE FRACKING 
Why the focus on Hillarys voice? Like Cruz, Sanders or Trump are so sonorous? The latter two sound like theyre gargling glass. 
FWIW this is the best recap Ive seen  before the 2016 campaign  of the superpredator term 
The Sanders breaks from the left on guns stuff was pretty uncontroversial until recently 
Anyone want to explain how any of these minimum wage bills get through Paul Ryans House? 
Sanders has been whaling on Hillary over joining with the Verizon strikers after taking Verizon money; lets see if he goes there again 
This is the most Acela line questioning ever. But if youre mean to corporations they may stop liking us!" 
This Sanders answer is basically JAdomians Bernie/Vlasic pickles routine 
Hang on was that question basically why are you being so mean to Verizon bro" 
Obama protested the Iraq War; no comparable record of Hillary protesting Gramm-Leach-Bliley 
Trust me, you dont want to see these Hillary Clinton transcripts 
And now Hillary is claiming credit for not voting for a bill that passed before she got to the Senate? smh 
This Sanders answer doesn't scan. The decision that proved Hillary is influence by donations is that years after the crash she took their $? 
swin24 was told that was off the record 
Bartender, get Josh a Delete Your Account 
It is sort of crazy, given Obamas popularity with Dems, that Sanders had gotten this far by basically saying he fumbled the ball. 
Is Hillary Clinton qualified? No. Anyway, Sweden!" 
Bernie Sanders coming down hard against Washington Post headlines, risking several votes in spin room 
Olivianuzzi pbump Sad! 
Opening statement is the shrunk-down stump speech as usual 
So far, resisting the temptation to yell "BABA BOOEY" into one of the many Periscope feeds going on here 
This room is being heated by the natural and renewable power of  
Here is an annoying Devo song. Now leave me alone. 
Shorter CNN debate coverage. This just in, a poll shows Hillary easily crushing Bernie in NY  SO THIS DEBATE COULD BE CRITICAL" 
If I ever ran for president I'd have Bud Cort go in the spin room for me, just for fun. 
"Civil War" the comic was not great; movie seems to be a lot better 
Until January 2017, when it will be The Art of the Deal 
Fun ballet in the debate spin room as Tad Devine circulates slowly, collecting reporters, a disturbing number of whom seem to be Periscoping 
Follow WaPo at the  sinderbrand WPJohnWagner agearan stevenjay danbalz AmyEGardner and me 
Jesus made the best deals, let me tell you 
It takes a lot to make a take 
Patakimentum 
Shondamentum 
lol okay 
NYTnickc sinderbrand nickconfessore AshleyRParker FACT CHECK: Its Tom Dewey. 
Asked Kasich if he'll lose delegates bc he didn't file full slates in MD. He said it wouldn't be a problem if he wins. 
Scoop if true 
Youve got to wonder how many people getting arrested to Raise Awareness of $ in politics will skip prez ballot if Hillary is the nominee. 
Congrats Mobute on becoming editor of The New Republic! 
Sad! 
Good katiezez WaPoSean look at how Cruz, 2 million votes behind Trump, is creating his own primary calendar 
Well, we should also copy their parliamentary system, but Ill leave it to mattyglesias to fight that one out. 
I favor this mostly because before I die I want to pay for something with a Jack Kirby $5 bill. 
IMHO we should do what the UK does and put a rotating series of great people (not necessarily politicians) on money. 
New Ted Cruz ad in NY says de Blasio ended stop-and-frisk even "where terror suspects congregate," which, ok 
Just take Jackson off the $20! We put a man on the moon, we started a bunch of wars, surely we can do this. 
derp 
Ted Cruz's first  ad is aimed at... de Blasio 
Wow what a good idea 
Bernie Sanders did a heckuva lot of labor solidarity rallying this morning 
chrislhayes Im confident well still hear hey Byrd was a KKK member than we hear anything about Hastert. 
I'm sorry, you said something about whether a candidate used the subway correctly? 
It is weird/wonderful to cover a primary via public transportation. Can we get a greater Des Moines subway for 2020? 
You're seeing the Republican party (dramatic pause) comin' together! 
Sideshow Bob being hit by rake dot gif 
Sad! 
 
LizMair If by you people you mean overweight white dudes with Midwest roots, then yes 
Watching the secret service protect a would-be president as he rallies striking workers is pretty revolutionary imo 
That focus is depressing when you talk to voters a lot, and realize how few pay attention to their government beyond the president. 
Im in the media, obv, and find WH obsession weird. Its like the presidency matters less than the next chase, the next Pizza Ranch visit. 
The irony is that Ryans actual work in the House is not breaking through the media at all 
Bernie Sanders joins the striking Verizon workers 
Phrasing! 
This is new: Bernie Sanders lending his name to fundraising letters for supportive House candidates. 
Sad! 
paulschreiber A+ 
I think both sides are making moral and political decisions on this 
Whereas the NC GOP legislature passed the bill out of the goodness of its heart 
I cannot get enough of the Steve Miller, Giant Asshole story 
Bernie Sanders today: Getting Transport Workers endorsement, joining Verizon strikers, mega-rally in Manhattan. 
Shorter jonathanchait: The geniuses who thought Jeb Bush was a solid investment may not wrest convention from Cruz 
Sad! 
Cool, swin24 and timkmak are in NY for the primary 
Watched some morning TV news. Politics segment was Trump/Ryan, nothing else -- segment on UK royals in India twice as long 
Cool, somebody printed out the Daily News cover from Twitter 
Same 
Bernie Sanders visits FDR's grave 
Vaccines 
Bernie Sanders visits the grave of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt. 
Bernie Sanders visits FDR's presidential library 
Whoa you mean stuff happens in Congress besides people not running for president? 
Yglesias laying down the troll gauntlet 
_crosscheck Is that a French Connection reference? 
Syracuse  Poughkeepsie 
Did Ryan do that speech just because his office released that 40 second video? Uh, people who are not running also release videos. 
Hey brendanbuck is Paul Ryan running for president 
BresPolitico "reporters" 
The next round of "but will Ryan run for president" speculation is scheduled for June 8 
Big --gt; 
But would he tho 
Biggest applause line for Sanders: "Donald Trump will not become president because we beat him by 20 points!" 
Actual Sanders applause line: "I am a member of the US Senate committee on the environment." 
Sanders trolling harder on Hillary's paid speeches: "Must have been speeches that solved all of the problems of our planet." 
I am a cardinal in the church of LOL Nothing Matters. 
Yep, that should do it. 
The leading source of misogyny today is the Instagram comments of female celebrities who take pics with Hillary. 
Good details from mmurraypolitics about  forces going to sleep on  
Between his Matzah visit to Brooklyn on 4/7 and his CNN interview in Manhattan tomorrow, Cruz has held no public NY events. 
New Quinnipiac poll in NY shows no change since WI primary. Trump 55 (-1) Kasich 20 (+1) Cruz 19 (-1) 
Paul Ryan will make a Shermanesque statement today, by which I mean he will announce plans to burn down Southern cities. 
Bernie Sanders hitches his campaign to coming strike against Verizon 
Hillary is concerned about the Bernie fans browbeating super delegates and asking them to switch 
Not "running" - present tense. Hardly Shermanesque. 
mcnamee_kevin Yes NY pollsters know to screen for this 
Cue: BrendanBuck answering 2000 queries about whether Ryan is running for president 
Anecdote as data: Meeting a lot of Bernie fans at NY rallies who are registered independent and can't vote for him. 
Trump officially wins Missouri  imho his one true upset of the year. Adds 12 delegates. 
The Sanders event in Rochester was billed as a "town hall," but there are no audience Qs. Media grumpier about this than voters. 
Dude at Bernie rally in Rochester screams "Mass incarceration, Bernie! Mass incarceration!" Don't worry, his stump speech has got it! 
Anecdote as data: Meeting a good number of Bernie fans at NY rallies who are registered independent and can't vote for him next week. 
Campaign soundtracks ranked: 1. Sanders 2. Trump 3. Kasich 4. Clinton 5. Cruz (Only in America is an abomination.) 
I just met the joke-writer behind de Blasio's "CPT" comment and I think I get it now. 
No one writes a lede like HA Goodman. 
Kasich in Manhattan today to condemn both Trump and Cruz 
RIP your mentions 
Its 9:10 pm and time for some middling Roxy Music 
Wait -- 11? Is he counting each Colorado district convention as an election? I mean, technically... 
chmtp I think their inscrutable unfunniness makes them even better. 
Its been a whole year since this: 
Its going to be the best book, really tremendous, let me tell you 
Still, swin24 shouldnt shove people. 
Smart of him to focus on the "Trump botches delegate chase" story so we don't notice Cruz getting skunked in NY 
God I love Parliament 
They just annexed space from the Lena Dunham desk 
oh god 
lolwut 
More than 10,000 people in Buffalo to see Bernie Sanders; several thousand couldnt make it into arena. 
Bands playing for Bernie Sanders in NY this week: Grizzly Bear, Vampire Weekend, TV on the radio 
MikeElk Holy shit really? 
The Rome rally was built in a day. 
What are the best songs that use the Bo Diddley beat but arent by Bo Diddley? Ill start: New York Groove." 
Its been a week since  and check out that New York mentum 
26 years ago, Rick Perry beat Jim Hightower in the Texas Ag Commissioner race. Whod have guessed both would still be campaign surrogates? 
I joked about DeRays hype earlier but the greghoward88 profile is really good 
Bernie Sanders speaking to CWA shop stewards in Buffalo ahead of a planned strike. 
ForecasterEnten Sanders charter! Impossible otherwise 
FWIW I have not seen a single Cruz or anti-Trump ad in NY. 
New NBC/Marist poll: Trump up 33 points in New York, Cruz in third. 
Albany  Buffalo 
To be fair, AARP sends a lot of people to campaign events to ask that Q 
Vermont's governor: Peter Shumlin, who has endorsed Hillary 
Music so far at Bernie rally in Albany: Sleater-Kinney, Pearl Jam, live Talking Heads cover band. 
I'm seein' double! Four Bernies! 
Bernie goes after Hillary on fracking, backed by Gasland director and new TV ad. 
mattyglesias MattZeitlin To be fair, Johnson was a journalist long before he ran for anything. And he's good! 
Binghamton    Albany 
To get more media attention than the people actually winning? cc avizenilman 
Big laffs at Hightower's joke about Trump: "100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?" 
Sad! 
Jim Hightower among the Bernie introducers in Binghamton, adding to the line-up of lefties who backed Nader in 2000. 
Binghamton cab driver is excited about "Bernie Mac, the guy running for president," who is in town today. 
LennyBirch Ill have you know that Bencjacobs is British. 
I will be traveling with the Bernie Sanders campaign through New York this week. My expectations: 
My fault, guys. In my defense, there is not much to do in Delaware, and I love money and evil. 
This is such a specific joke and I love it for that. 
Sad! 
I'd like to thank swin24 in advance for this gift 
One is the path of the righteous man. It is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and 
Whoa-whoa -- just in AMERICAN history? Bye, hater. 
Hey, hey, buddy -- let us put on some protective gear before you toss up a take that hot 
When "Bunheads" was on the air. 
SOURCES: Area reporter to eat dinner in Rochester. Developing... 
If Bernie Sanders started taking the stage to "Hamilton" music would the Internet blow up 
Trump leaves the stage to "Y'all Ready for This?" which of course was written by Walt Whitman for Lincoln's 1864 campaign. 
People who file civil suits against candidates who eat pizza wrong will surely forgive this 
Trump: "The Washington Post is a total rag." Waiting for ruling from GlennKesslerWP 
It was sort of rambling but I think Trump just recapped what he told NYT edit board about immigration. Remember that news cycle? 
Verbatim, context-less Trump: "We're gonna do things. So, I came down the escalator with Melania." 
Trump now attacking BostonGlobe: "They sold it for one dollar and now they run editorials telling me what I should be doing." 
Trump in Rochester: "We're supposed to be a democracy. You vote and the vote means something... today, winning votes doesn't mean anything." 
Trump rally fashion report numero dos 
Carl Paladino revs up Rochester rally for Trump by jeering the talk of an open convention. 
Trump rally fashion report 
You know who else used... hey, wait 
Area Journalism School Graduate Applies Skills, Embeds SNL Video in Blog Post 
If it's Sunday, it's people pretending SNL's political sketch was funny. (Weekend Update gt; the sketches IMO) 
4. Smooth jazz invented by illuminati 
1. Did Bush do 9/11? 2. Vaccines: totally full of autism 3. Elders of Zion etc 
I am... skeptical that New York voters will let a Colorado convention affect their opinions. 
It's almost like momentum is overrated and Wisconsin was uniquely good for  
ZekeJMiller He can still technically win like 86 of what remains but we need more states to make it official 
Plane delayed because the flight attendant ran to get Shake Shack. No man may judge him. 
After April 26 that will also be Cruz's only hope 
JazzShaw I'd say "surely they fix it for next time" but ehhh 
Which would net fewer delegates than Cruz got in Colorado but would look neat on a map 
Cruz whistling past the ominous blue state primaries by talking up state conventions is smart. (Also legit!) 
maryannjohanson That was my joke! It doesn't excuse anything. 
[Extremely actually voice] Ahem, what about "Catwoman" 
Why is swin24 in Colorado? 
IT BEGINS 
But he won all those demographically friendly states IN A ROW 
Kasich hugs an autistic kid at town hall. After moments like this, these people who say I should drop out: Are they nuts?" 
Unless they live in a caucus or convention state 
Driveswift Are you here? 
Crucial Gosheska County 
Kasichmentum in Westchester County 
A report on Trump's oddly camera-shy 9/11 memorial visit 
NickSchug What were people saying when they saw him? 
HannahShambrook Did you say anything to him? 
alexandertinman I was in the press van. 
And Trump leaves the WTC memorial. This is as close as the press got. 
The eleven reporters trailing Trump in the motorcade are not permitted to leave and observe his 9/11 memorial visit. 
Trump is now touring the 9/11 memorial 
Donald Trump is motorcade-ing to a TBD location in NYC, and I will be your guide. 
How are interviews in NY a better use of his time then focusing on Colorado? 
Sad! 
Unfavorable ratings: Trump: 69 Cruz: 59 Hillary: 55 
Cruz, who won 43.7 of the vote in Texas, says Trump should quit unless he cracks 50 in NY. 
Actually, as the linked article says, Colorado has 37 delegates with the rest chosen today. 
This is a tiny masterpiece 
Bronx  Manhattan 
I've been a little distracted recently. There's a musical about Alexander Hamilton? 
Also it's hilarious that the GOP establishment is now counting on the Cruz team using Ron Paul's tactics to rescue it. 
In 2020, GOP should ditch primaries and go back to every state holding conventions 
Wasn't Corbyn supposed to start fixing Labour's problems in Scotland? 
Whoa if treyf 
Yeah. I can't believe we're still talking about it but no one who has used MTA thought Hillary got it wrong 
Not even close but good try 
So far, MI is breaking the pattern of Trump states where he got outfoxed on delegates 
When did we agree that hunt and wrangle were the only words you could legally use to describe the delegate chase? 
fightonwi Read it again. 
cc MargaretAtwood 
EricJafMN HonestOne jonathanchait Right, no easy way to summarize on Twitter. Nonpartisan but parties have clear favorites. 
Ill tell you another story about a place where black lives matter: Africa. 
benchmarkpol jimw81 She gave a high-profile speech about her but that was it. 
That's quite the spin on what he said. 
Were leading a political revolution! So do I have to vote for anyone but you? Meh. 
Huge, if true. 
Gee, where did Sharron Angle get that crazy idea? 
This is not sexist or horrible at all! Great job! 
Also, I asked the Clinton campaign for a comment and didnt get one. If they planted oppo with me, did a bad job. 
Actually, it took months for there to be a competitive partisan race on the same ballot as the primaries. 
Romney won 346,876 votes for a decisive 2012 primary win in Wisconsin. Trump won 384,803 votes and lost badly.  
Phinatic413 CKHyppolite tybrown3 mattyglesias So he wins voters who dont want to support Dems down the ballot? Cool revolution, bro 
Really interesting Cruz moment when he has to explain he can understand Spanish but not really speak it 
Watching JRubinBlogger evolve on Cruz says a lot about  7 weeks ago: Today: 
First  poll Ive seen: Trump 41, Kasich 31, Cruz 22. 
radiokeller mattyglesias My article does so. 
danpolovina mattyglesias But surely the two Dems running in WI could have done more to say dont sleep on this down ballot race." 
danpolovina mattyglesias I think it did, and there was the potential of disaster if Hillary got no primary. (1/2) 
jmartNYT DavidMDrucker I thought I was the only one who noticed him defining the breadth of America from Mark Levin to Jeb Bush 
Contrast bt Cruz and Trump is amazing; Trump has almost no discipline, though he sometimes remembers to talk about winning. 
DavidMDrucker jmartNYT Well, what were seeing across this country is the Republican Party comin together! 
Follow HallieJackson for examples of how to get fresh answers from Cruz by pushing past the talking points 
Lesson of this and every Cruz interview is: If you arent willing to interrupt, you get talking points 
This is a weird question, given that the semi-official anti-Trump candidate is endorsed by 2 of 51 GOP colleagues. 
I now have about as many Twitter followers as Mobile, AL has residents, assuming a large number of Alabamans are robots. 
NoahCRothman ForecasterEnten Sad! 
This tweet is a shonda 
Delete the accounts. All of the accounts. 
He says this all the time! 
Looks like Trump held onto WI03, which gives him 6 delegates to 36 for Cruz. 
This is the opposite of true. 
Peter King, Carl Paladino, and John Catsimatidis welcome Ted Cruz to Trump Country: New York state. 
Did any pundits actually say WI was a "perfect" state for Trump, as Cruz says? Maybe some afternoon cable chair-filler? 
Talked to Carl Paladino and John Catsimatidis for a story. It's good to be back in the Real America. 
AmandaMarcotte I see lots of Bernie or bust chatter. Ive never seen Hillary or bust." 
Also Cruzs speedy move from were gonna do well in Arizona to hey did you hear about Utah? is one of my favorite things. 
I get why, but its a bit like a touchdown dance after first down. 
Oh, by age 40 Ill probably be wearing that mask and glaring at people 
This is factually true, but Hillary said it  therefore, gaffe. 
IMHO the worst thing about an April cold snap is not the cold; its the people who packed up winter clothes newly coughing and sneezing. 
I think this was what drove John Edwards to have an affair 
Reminder: Watch where votes are coming from, not raw vote. Final margin was 13 points. 
Just read  analysis that suggested Trump will lose NY suburbs bc he lost Milwaukee. Does SykesCharlie have a Long Island station? 
Biggest surprise IMHO 
Would mean that Cruz cut Trump lead by 36 net delegates -- 4 less than Utah, but very different narrative. 
The one R who lost ground in WI: Kasich, who saw anti-Trump voters fly away to Cruz. 
Good for the short term narrative: Milwaukee area came in first, built lead that will be cut back 
Unexpected WI exit poll result: Trump actually cut the margin in the last few days. Shouldnt have taken a week off! 
That said, if Cruz wins 7/8 districts and the state, he takes 39 delegates  1 less than Utah, but a lot more news value! 
Among the good news for Cruz in  Trump only up 46-43 in northwest. Maybe not enough to swipe WI-7 delegate. 
Its a creative commons license 
JGreenDC FWIW Id be surprised if Cruz really stumped in NY for the stretch. I think he gets a victory tour then goes to IN. 
kerpen Given GOP turnout Id bet on that. 
This augers 1) a big Cruz win and 2) problems for Kasich remaining the Other Not-Trump. 
We could get a fairly early Republican call in  The reason? It comes down to crucial Waukesha County. 
seanmdav If I were Trump I'd be delighted by a mere 4-point loss today; probably would salvage delegates from 3rd/7th. 
Waukesha Day is the weirdest day. Im like the bug-eyed guy warning you that the monsters are coming, and you blow me off  BUT THEYRE HERE 
Talking to a GOP donor whose preferred candidate has lost. Would he back Cruz? I will support whoever Paul Ryan eventually supports." 
Trouble in crucial Waukesha County 
Shorter jbarro:  
Admirable lack of "ill-fitting suits"-style DC mockery in this NYT piece about Metro being terrible 
morninggloria Anyway yours was the only joke that consisted of more than "lol Bjork exists," so congrats! 
morninggloria Goddamn it 
This is a holy day for Waukesha County jokes, show some respect 
Area joke played out 
Trump announces his post-WI landing spot: A Wednesday rally on Long Island, in Bethpage. 
No, Cruz worked to get where he is. Just saying, a WI win points to better stuff in IN than in NY 
The reason smart analysts always saw Trump struggling in  was explained well by wisvoter on March 19 
Q-poll of  gives Trump a 68/27 favorable rating with GOP voters. Cruz is at 49/40. Total reversal from  
Must follow today: WSJs senior Waukesha correspondent reidepstein 
amyewalter bloisolson Ive been beating this meme dead for 5 years and I aint gonna stop now. 
What youre saying is that its crucial? 
DavidMDrucker DastDn Yes, the senate   the second time Waukesha came in late and swung the election. 
Crucial --gt; 
DC started doing this, then the metro broke. COINCIDENCE??? 
Meanwhile 
Well he did some very big things, and they were really tremendous things, let me tell you. 
\_()_/ 
Makes you think 
I mean nothing that rises over 6.2 on the hate index 
Tomorrow the race moves on to states that favor UNC 
Who was saying this? I want names! 
Kasich's rationales for the open convention are getting more fun every day 
Most important political news of the day 
Very interesting, watching this closely 
Theres a tiny irony in Cruz, who refused to step aside for the establishment in 2012, insisting that Kasich do so 
BOOOOOOOOOO 
Strong Waukesha turnout indicates Cruzmentum 
Crucial gt; 
The wind cries Waukesha 
Kasich on remaining delegates: Cruz needs more than 100. He was playing that on me  now hes caught in his own trick." 
At both public NY events today, Kasich has invoked Jewish tradition. 
They go great with hot ham. 
You're gonna need some ice for your hands after picking up that hot  
NB: At Trump rally last week, the protest chant that really seemed to piss off Trump voters was "Black Lives Matter" 
It's the combo of anonymity and specificity that really makes it sing. 
In which Ted Cruz says Black Lives Matter is trying to intimidate people 
Man, even Chuck D has more respect for Arizona. 
Kasich refers to Cruz attack ad before media even asks about it, calling him a "smear artist." 
Kasich on his many newspaper endorsements: I love em, but have they moved the needle? No!" 
Kasich harks back to his Fox News show: There were times theyd tell me to do a certain story to get ratings, and Id say Im not doing it" 
The media has been unfair to you, says a questioner. Kasich gleefully waves his hand at the cameras in the back of the room. Ya see?" 
Kasich gets a Planned Parenthood funding Q: I thought this was gonna be a love-fest. I was getting nervous." 
kerpen The question is, who produces the June poll that has Biden up 15 on Cruz if DNC nominates him? 
kerpen Yeah, its a choice between two nominees that would lose if the other party nominated a generic opponent! 
Kasich sends the pander-phaser to stun: How can you not love New York? Its like comin alive!" 
u mad bro 
Buried in Marquette poll of WI: Cruzs favorables are underwater, by 18.5 points, with general electorate. 
Kasich now citing Charles Murrays Coming Apart in NY.   
Kasich, in NY, bemoans how he leads in WI's general election polls but is losing the primary. "38 of voters don't know who I am." 
Kasich in NY on Trump: Im gonna get a heck of a lot of his voters. I understand exactly what his voters are worried about." 
MollyBeck what up 
Good point 
Delete the accounts. All of the accounts. Just to be sure. 
Do we think Trump would book Madison Square Garden for a rally? With all the protests it would ensure? 
Reminder: No poll has found Trump *losing* ground in WI. He just bumped against a mid-30s ceiling. 
Actually more like 37.1 of caucus+primary combined vote. 
Well, probably until the FBI contacts her. 
CRUZ: I am methodically winning delegates at state conventions! BELTWAY: new phone who dis 
Whoa if coup 
Sad! 
Okay now I'm obsessed with the idea of covering the NY primary with all the media patronization reserved for Iowa 
Primary travel takes me to New York today; not familiar with elections here, but it's sort of the Des Moines of the east coast. 
He'll be handling the sprechensang on "Kowalski" during Primal Scream's set. 
Quick explainer on what happened in North Dakota: 
Oy, if true 
The one virtue of "Batman v Superman" is that the crap dialogue and constant slow-mo leave many openings for a MST3K treatment. 
DC  NYC 
Yeah, let's not define "chaos" down. We're gonna need that word in Cleveland. 
InternetHippo seems legit 
At a wedding. Current mood: 
brianbeutler reading a  about matrimony 
If true 
jkirchick Ha, was he responding to me? Little anti-Semite is obsessed. 
Gotta hear both sides 
Lots of fun details about the insane GOP delegate fight right here 
Did Gay Talese endorse Trump 
Follow robport jacobsoboroff tomlobianco janestreet for all the latest on  
Sad! 
Box office punditry achievement UNLOCKED 
Neal_Dewing jacobperry wbdnewton charlescwcooke jkirchick I wish hed just straighten out and seek forgiveness. Hes a sad guy. 
North Dakota GOP convention begins, naturally, with an informational video about Fargo that goes about 3x as long as necessary. 
jacobperry wbdnewton Neal_Dewing charlescwcooke jkirchick He once used that excuse WHILE calling me mentally ill bc I have depression 
charlescwcooke jkirchick Look here, Im not an anti-Semite, but these vile Jews control everything." 
His transformation into a low-IQ Bobby Fischer is proceeding nicely 
jkirchick You gotta love how he steals photos and stamps GOTNEWS on them, like he journalismed real hard to get them. 
Delete your account, then create a new account, then delete that one, too. 
ShaneGoldmacher going hard af after the east coast goes to bed 
Wrong. 1.) 21st Century Schizoid Man 2.) Tarkus 3.) Supper's Ready 4.) Louie Louie 5.) Tarkus (live) 
Sad! 
Carly draws a crowd as surprise convention guest at Cruz booth 
Whoa, if true 
Democracy in action in Fargo: Trump delegate hunter answers questions from skeptical delegate 
Carly Fiorina is already in Fargo, lobbying for delegates on behalf of Cruz. 
I'm in Fargo, explainer-ing the North Dakota GOP convention: 
February, 2017: After Senate Republicans filibustered his tuition bill, progressives have given up hope on President Sanders." 
Huh, for some reason you don't read as many anonymously sourced "Hayes on chopping block?" stories these days 
Wii bowling in Bourbon County sounds like an analogy 
Congrats Andrew Sullivan on your new job at Fusion 
Broke right hand in car accident and it hurts to put on a blazer. Thanks for asking! 
Behold, the room that controls more GOP delegates than the entire New Hampshire primary. 
"Ted Cruz is using a confidential mixture of chemicals to break through the rocky electorate here" 
In which insiders tell you what reidepstein and I said last week. 
Sorry, incorrect. Its just the anniversary of my marriage to swin24. 
Setting up for the North Dakota GOP convention. 
I think of this PatrickRuffini tweet whenever a GOP lege passes a religious liberty bill 
I suppose mtaibbi is too busy now, but we could really use a 2016 edition of Wimblehack 
MSNBC is cutting from pundit chatter to random segments of a John Kasich town-hall, and its like the most boring Burroughs cut-up ever. 
Ban democracy 
No Rick Veitch? List invalid. 
WHAT DID I JUST SAY 
This explainer from pbump about Hillarys oil and gas money is very good and you should click it. 
That said, I wonder if WI-Eau Claire students will have anything to say about his rally in town 
New Trump sked has him finally heading to his strongest parts of  west and north 
DMoneyYall Im thinking of the week before when Heilemann said stick a fork in this election then interviewed Sanders! 
DMoneyYall While simultaneously dropping into Sanders events for exclusive interviews! 
I only look smart bc I retweet Redistrict and maggieNYT 
jonfavs Way to ruin my cred man 
This is my mission, and I accept it. 
declang7 TheFix No I was referring to an MSNBC segment that made me vomit in terror 
Meanwhile me, ForecasterEnten, and Nate_Cohn are in a soundproof booth, explaining that the WI polls were predictable b/f any Trump gaffe. 
All storms are perfect in Gods eyes 
Remember: If you use the terrible, horrible, no good formulation in a lede or hed, you are banned from journalism. 
Does anyone else watch The Circus? The whiplash from that narrative (Trump has it locked) to the rest of Hamp;H commentary is something 
I actually defended Clinton on the substance. Sue me for making a meme joke. 
Never forget 
Considering the evidence... 
So johntabin won Twitter and we can all go home 
Slide into your DMs like 
This is bad news for swin24 
If the blue allinwithchris background confused you: I am in Fargo, ND tonight. It's great so far. 
I get this but it does a disservice to the MSM reporters who have produced everything now being used against Trump. 
SonnyBunch BenjySarlin At this point I need to see the movie just to keep up with the hot  
Congrats Mobute! 
freddoso TimAlberta Not really. A lot of it can be Cruz crushing it in Milwaukee burbs. 
Serves her right for trying to correct false information 
csymrl I had to keep scrapping interviews that had taken a day to set up. 
Congrats Mobute! 
Yes, it's a list of the home states of Dem Senate leaders since LBJ. Note how long it's been since a big state. 
Hey political nerds, what is this a list of? Nevada, South Dakota, Maine, West Virginia, Montana, Texas 
He didn't shuck it! That was inexcusable. 
NSFW 
About people in NY and DC totally understanding what voters care about. 
Tonight we will discuss this poll with special guest Donald J Trump 
Not her point. Her point was that Sanders rejected the Q and pivoted to minimum wage. 
And after only 5 hours in O'Hare, I'm off. EPILOGUE: Dave was never seen again 
Also, given that all three Republicans have now hemmed and hawed about the pledge... 
The loyalty pledge is only tricky for the people losing to Trump! It basically didn't affect Trump anymore but he had to whine and bitch. 
IMHO the dumbest part of Trump's whiny loyalty pledge answer was that HE IS WINNING. Just say of course you will be loyal BC YOU WON. 
Isn't there a penumbra bt the paper he signed with Reince and the separate legal doc he signed in SC? 
Also, this is what I don't get about Trump. I sent insane tweets because I get stuck in airports. He has a plane! There's no excuse. 
I bring a power strip when I travel because villains like those guys in back use outlet seats and don't even charge 
A fun thing to do is repeatedly call to reschedule interviews because your plane won't take off. 
Hell yes they delayed the connecting flight just long enough for another storm to blow in 
JRubinBlogger It's not just the delays, it's the lack of outlets. United is the literal worst though. 
Maybe we need a second Twitter to house all complaints about O'Hare. I don't want regular Twitter to see me like this. 
AmericanAir Well, it's not your fault that O'Hare has no outlets! 
AmericanAir Thanks for the extra delay on the connecting flight that replaced the one I missed because of delays. 
Actually, the two boring guys spent 3 minutes discussing how the computer with the official flight time was likely to be wrong. 
Current status 
Trumpmentum 
josie_peterson Hi, I'm a WashPost reporter working out of Fargo, with a delegate Q. I'm at 302-507-6806. 
bettegrande Hi, I'm a reporter for the Washington Post, trying to get in touch. I'm at 302-507-6806. 
This month was the one-year anniversary of the Hillary email scandal. I wish my deadlines were as loose as the FBI's 
briantjack Hi, I'm a reporter for the Washington Post trying to get in touch about North Dakota. I'm at 302-507-6806. 
albobcobb Hi, I'm a reporter for the Washington Post trying to get in touch about North Dakota. I'm at 302-507-6806. 
Live video feed: 
Cruz fights to keep steep delegate threshold for nomination -- one that was introduced to stop Ron Paul. 
Cruz's gaslighting campaign -- having just 6 "rule 40" states and pretending he's locked up the race -- is a thing to behold. 
Throws them at... what? 
Mr. Trump, should we use nuclear weapons on people who eat pizza wrong? Well, some people say that, and you have to do some big things." 
Always fun when the world's greatest city impersonates a small town after someone insulted the pie-eating contest 
ForecasterEnten Pundits fallacy. 1) Bad news cycle for Trump 2) Good poll for Cruz (conducted before news) 3) News cycle hurt Trump! 
Trump is not having a gaffe-led Wisconsin collapse. He has a ceiling here and Cruz is in a post-Rubio surge. 
The cruelest delay: When you arrive 5 minutes after the connection left and discover it would have been two gates away. 
Proud to stand with jbarro 
"Welcome to the Windy City!" "Hey, it's actually sort of windy today. And there's some rain." "HOLY SHIT CANCEL THE FLIGHTS CODE RED" 
americanair Youve delayed my flight, but since the system doesnt realize it I cant book a new connection. 
kaysteiger In solidarity, from my storm-canceled flight status in the Midwest. 
There's trolling, and then there's just looking stupid. 
Tried to save the company $200 by choosing this flight instead of Minneapolis connection. Alas. 
Ah, a reporting trip ruined by an O'Hare connection. It's been too long. 
MSN  FAR 
 
Wait what 
The elevation of random Trump supporters into news-making cable pundits is the Jerry Springer-iest part of this election. 
Looks like the Anonymous Republican Sources are finally figuring out what Wisconsin reporters like WisVoter were saying for weeks. 
I live in an endless loop. I have always been in this airport. I have always been watching CNN. Ana Navarro has always been discussing Trump 
I have a 4.55 Uber rating so I expect to be named in a civil suit any day now. 
Got a weird app alert that my flight had been pushed one hour earlier. Called AA, they said this was untrue. The machines are rising. 
against I against I against 
Same 
TV used to be good 
Huge Trump  here. 
Hm. Me last week; Politico today.  
Not every paper can be a tabloid. 
 
Listening to Fox News pundits explain how Wisconsin changes convention math. None explaining how delegates work here. 
Most of DCs Democratic electorate is black people, not cable news pundits. 
By my count, Wisconsins primary will be the third Last Chance to Stop Trump. 
Why do I bother writing anything 
The Bernie not on DC ballot thing is like free advertising for him. Fits the narrative; no chance city council doesnt fix anyway. 
I dunno; 15x more money was spent against Trump in FL and he won. I think it says more about WI/winnowing. 
Excellent idea for the State Department to hand its Twitter account over to swin24 
New Cruz ad follows the working class hero theme hes been working in Wisconsin. Special callus shout-out 
MrDanZak At least we'll spend these last living years arguing about whether the media caused Trump. 
He always mocks the Rs who promised full Obamacare repeal. Is this just news bc people recycle Buzzfeed? 
igorbobic Sad! 
igorbobic There were bikers yesterday 
That said, the what are you gonna do, arrest women thing is often what deep-sixes the more dramatic pro-life bills. 
BTW the punishment for abortion issue is much less theoretical than a lot of what we discuss 
2016: the year of Responding to Trumps Comments 
wow RINO 
Atrios Jon Stewarts obsession with this shit was my least favorite thing about his show. 
This is of course the proper way to eat real pizza: Chicago deep dish pizza. 
As allahpundit once said, you could probably get Trump to endorse The Purge. We have to do things, and theyre big things, believe me" 
Area reporter cues up wow, RINO tweet for when Cruz distances himself from Trump on abortion 
This reads like typical Trump word casserole, not like the definitive Nicaragua-style position tweeted before 
Cruz 
The ruling class can never truly fail, part one million 
ForecasterEnten If the primary was today I'd give Trump the 3rd and 7th, Kasich the 2nd, Cruz the rest. 
NathanWurtzel crucial 
DomenicoMonea Yeah, Im just saying, one could write off UT as bad Trump turf  Mormon, caucus. Not so WI. 
Bigbigjohn fin_prog thitchner chrislhayes Im not saying ignore it, just questioning that this scuffle deserves 10,000 news cycles. 
That was a strong hint, but more of the country looks like WI than UT. 
The new WI poll, with Cruz up 10 on Trump, is the first real evidence weve seen of a post-Rubio pro-Cruz winnowing. 
chrislhayes Yeah, but enough already. Im in the media and I struggle to give a shit about this. 
Yes. GOP voters generally say they hate litigiousness. 
One trouble with the Lewandowski story: Its actually hard to find voters wholl react to it. Not everyone is clued to cable news. 
natemcdermott Thanks, editors 
Not as wow if youve been reading washingtonpost! 
Heidi Cruz says her husband has urged her to for every promotion shes ever gotten: Its always been Teds idea." 
Meanwhile, Trump is attacking Walker over the Cruz endorsement, and making a total hash of it. 
I will always refer to Minnesota, Puerto Rico, and D.C. as the Rubio Archipelago. 
cc timheidecker 
bc he is transmogrifying it into the latest example of the media being unfair to him 
Women for Cruz leader Rebecca Hagelin informs Cruz supporters in Madison that our military observes Muslim no-go zones around the world 
Crucial gt; 
Last week: Car crash. This week: lost car keys. Making progress! 
I wonder what kind of awesome ditch Trump will drive the news cycle into today. 
Jesus, even my Waukesha County jokes are fresher than this burn 
Like what does Gregory add to the proceedings, versus what could be added by a reporter whos been closely covering the race 
Bad reporter for failing Buzzfeed  sick! 
Good to say David Gregory filling that niche of White Dude With Generic Commentary. 
That thing that Trump said is the beginning of the end of his campaign. I am available to discuss this on TV. 
DOGS DON'T GET FIRED WHY DO YOU ALWAYS SAY THIS 
reidepstein He said the pledge shit too! 
GOP frontrunner mused about letting Japan go nuclear but apparently the real news tonight was candidates not pledging to support each other 
Same 
Is it me or do we go through the same "whoa Trump is threatening to go third party" cycle every few weeks 
kerpen Ive just seen that governments gonna pay for health care quote in like a million ads with no damage. 
Recall that in a prior town hall Trump said I like the mandate and lost no votes. (2/2) 
The health care/education answer seems like a dare for anti-Trump PACs to use them and waste money. (1/2) 
Same, whoa if true, and sad! are the only tweets anyone needs. 
Trump: I love the question because its such lies." 
Same 
Meanwhile 
I cant believe Trump is getting away with these obvious lies say people who apparently just discovered politics 20 minutes ago 
Though he didnt light it he is trying to fight it 
Trump: The only global warming Im worried about is nuclear global warming. 
That is actually sort of funny. 
Huge, if true. 
These town halls are deja vu-inducing if you've covered these candidates in person. 
ForecasterEnten It's a tremendous gif, let me tell you 
Huge cheers in Trump overflow crowd when this happens 
Most of the "thing happened on cable" stories I see are serious journalists shaming Trump flacks/supporters 
Trump Janesville rally sort of a logistical disaster. At least 4000 people in line for venue that holds closer to 1000 
jessieopie Hildy is missing such a fun day 
Todays music 
Gotta hear both sides 
EsotericCD Sad! 
Sad! 
When you've lost Piers Morgan, you've lost middle America. 
brb projectile vomiting 
Welcome to Costco, I love you 
If it's a legitimate shove, the female body has ways to shut that down 
100 
Florida gonna Florida 
Meanwhile, queue forming for Trump's first WI rally. He speaks in 5 hours. 
I don't think the video will change the preferred take of Trump supporters, that Fields should have shrugged it off but wanted attention. 
Pretty convincing Lewendowski take on the charges 
DonaldJTrumpJr Totally fair! 
DonaldJTrumpJr Your dad is the phenomenon of 2016. I just wonder if the resolute Hillary voters are overlooked. 
Tommy Thompson (a Kasich endorser) said Walker would back Cruz to pay off campaign debt 
Letting voters elect judges/sheriffs = lots and lots of ads about sexual predators. 
Walker, with bigger praise than most governors would give: Wed be living with amnesty right now if not for Ted Cruz." 
As he hinted last week, Scott Walker is backing tedcruz, will campaign with him by weekend. 
FWIW that was the only real punch at Trump from Walker. Telling: He does not want to alienate the maybe 30 of Rs who like Trump. 
Walker on Trumps attacks on record: Those are the talking points, unfortunately, of the left. They havent penetrated in three elections." 
Spraining my hand in a car accident makes me even happier about typo scolds 
Yep, Scott Walker endorses tedcruz with SykesCharlie. Though he says hes in Wasau, not at Cruz rally. 
I was aware! One reason the media comparison between Jeb and Hillary dynasties was so glib. 
Kasich is effectively playing for delegates, not a big win, in WI 
Obviously Trump is a phenomenon, but the majority of Dems who like and vote for Hillary may be 2016s least examined voters! 
Clinton has won around 9 m votes. Trump has won around 7.8 m. The stories: How Hillarys blowing it, how Trump changed everything. 
Popehat Im on the team that thinks we should have had top 4 or 5 debates and a big undercard 
tfw you scale down campaign ads to target certain congressional districts 
Theory: Impact of Cruzs debate me, Donald challenge diluted by 1) surplus of debates so far, 2) media fatigue in covering these things 
Sort of, but its also on track to plunge in week two; shades of Ang Lees Hulk. 
He said "could." Could! 
Now this is happening 
We can dance if we want to We can leave substance behind 
Protesters asking the Janesville Conference Center to cancel Trump's rally tomorrow, to no avail 
Training op for the coup that expels President-elect Trump and installs Obama as dictator 
swin24 welcome to Wisconsin! 
Explains why Yale is building that huge campus in Ciudad Juarez 
Cameras set up at Clinton's event, so that reporters could... be bumped by Capitol shooting 
A useful guide to Wisconsins famous WOW counties. 
Walker got frontrunner coverage for months before Trump jumped in. 
jwigderson Yet hes in Waukesha tomorrow! 
Possible if Trump romps in the 3rd, 7th, and 8th, and if Cruz/Kasich beat him but are divided in the rest. 
 Super delegate system, representing activists/electeds and not randomly scheduled states, is the fairest part of the primary. 
Big gt; 
I mean Bernie team saying it didnt contest the places where Hillary won landslides is some New 52-level retconning. 
Hm 
What  hero SykesCharlie told me last week, and why WI will be rough turf for Trump 
Imagine what the primaries would look like if Ohio and the NE were on March 1, and the South was a month later. 
Kasich spox: "We are increasing our buys in some Congressional Districts in Wisconsin and reallocating in some others." 
FWIW Kasich is in WI today and tomorrow. 
Phrases organizers like to say but reporters do not like to hear: Oh yeah, weve had reporters for the NYT and Guardian here for days!" 
Wow, really bad Trump interview by SykesCharlie  total leightweight at failing WTMJ. Sad! 
How about I answer for my reporting, not the entire medias. 
In which someone cites a fake Trump account to respond to a fake anti-Trump account.  
Greetings from Wisconsin, where Ted Cruz is fine-tuning his version of fair trade populism 
Listening to Charlie Sykes interview with Trump Im surprised he doesnt mention how much he donated to Scott Walker 
Trump is the media's fault! 
In Wisconsin, Cruz is stumping at factories with a Trump-esque wages and jobs message. 
Congrats! 
This is disgusting. 
That's one more than Bunheads got. 
Uncritical media coverage? 
dougstafford NoahShachtman thedailybeast realDonaldTrump dailybeast Why was that clip taped on one of the TVs from Videodrome" 
Not every story is about media's love affair with itself. 
Passive voice FTW 
Remember when Kristof just hypothesized a Trump voter instead of, you know, talking to one? 
SimonMaloy And on the third day, you deleted your account 
codyave dhmontgomery Bencjacobs Car crash. 
Huge --gt; 
suddenly Trump surges in polls 
Scoop if true 
And if you want to join the Avignon schism, slide into. swin24's DMs 
Well, any support for Stein is support for Trump, so... 
Sad! 
swin24 you couldn't just have texted? 
Timodc JWGOP 
He's "freefallen" from 30 to 35. It's tight now bc of Rubio votes going to Cruz, not bc of Trump losses. 
Donald Trump rn 
TFW you stop at a random Culver's to stop and file and then see this out the window 
The Cruz beat reporters were not intending to ask about it 
Full report here on Cruz's furious response to the National Enquirer, Donald Trump, and Gawker 
Roger Stone tells me, re Cruz/National Enquirer: "Most of what I know about this matter I learned from reporters at YOUR newspaper." 
Cruz also navigates around the term ratf**ker: "Donald may be a rodent but I have no desire to copulate with him." 
Cruz says National Enquirer story is "garbage," blames "Donald Trump and his henchmen." 
Today, unlike yesterday, Cruz kicks off presser w Trump attack. "How low will Donald go? Is there any low to which he will not stoop?" 
Cruz, asked why Trump is able to cancel debates, goes off. "Donald has a real problem: He doesn't know what he's talking about." 
Cruzmentum in Oshkosh 
OH at Cruz event: A reporter trying to explain the tweet battle to female voters who were unaware of it. 
God so loved the world that he gave his only son -- wow, what a bad deal! I could have negotiated a better one. Sad! 
lol wut 
One of my favorite Tambor/Shandling moments 
Nate_Cohn PatrickRuffini I call this genre Bernieporn. HA Goodman is its poet laureate. 
Spraaaaaang breaaaaak 
kerpen I said so in the article. 
Good recap of todays Trump/Cruz debate 
Why round it up? It'll be six days without events, not 10. 
Cruz, stating the often-obscured point of this election: What yall did in Wisconsin is what we need to do in Washington." 
Cruz now heaping praise on Scott Walker and Paul Ryan. 
Real revenue per capita grew about half as much under Reagan as it did under Clinton, who raised taxes. 
You can you know end the fight. He denounced the ad days ago. 
Cruz says that Reagans tax cuts funded the 1980s military expansion. I thought deficit spending did but what do I know 
Expect a Trump tweet in response at 11:42 or so 
Olivianuzzi jbarro Bro, you even lift. 
Always a weird moment in Cruz speeches: Were gonna roll back the EPA! APPLAUSE And the CFPB! much much less applause 
pbump The thing he follows it with repeal obamacare etc. 
Cruz ramping up the blue collar talk: I want to talk to all the truck drivers, all the men and women with callouses on your hands." 
Walk of Life blasting on PA at Cruz event and all I can think of is this 
Huge --gt; 
IMHO it's idiotic for Trump to discuss the wife stuff at all. If he shut up, conversation would be about Brussels, issue that breaks his way 
Yes. I've seen Cruz twice since then; he only mentions Utah. (I would, too!) 
Cruz is using the Trump tweets to insist that the frontrunner is flailing and panicking bc he lost UT, erasing AZ from the story. 
Yes. Trump is entirely at fault. Just saying, Cruz's daughters are like the last two humans he hasn't insulted. 
rickyalopez It's in the article. Learn to read. guypbenson 
FWIW Trump criticized the cartoon about Cruz's kids that Cruz obliquely referred to today 
Damn it, 2016, I am going to find you in an alley and run you down with my car. 
Indeed, and I say so in the article. But in the soundbite it sounds like he's adding to Trump's list of calumnies 
Btw are we defending the stupidity of the LizMair ad on the grounds that hey, at least it rattled Trump? 
He didn't bring it up. Was asked four Qs about it by reporters until local reporters asked about Muslim patrols. 
He's probably saving that for 11:45 some night next week. 
I also talked to workers at the Cruz event about their cost of living, but you know, Trump tweet. 
Notice how Cruz ups the ante. "You mess with my wife, you mess with my kids" -- Trump hasn't said anything about the kids. 
Cruz to Trump: "You're a sniveling coward. Leave Heidi the hell alone." 
More Cruz: "Donald, youre a sniveling coward, leave Heidi the hell alone." 
Cruz: "Im not looking forward to telling the girls why Donald Trump is launching insults and attacks at their mother." (Yes, still this) 
Scott Walker says the open Republican convention could nominate someone not currently running 
Terrifying: Artificial intelligence has created a swin24 clone. 
I hate to say this, but JGreenDC is right 
Sad! 
Donald Trump, the GOP frontrunner for president, has not held a public event since Tuesday evening. 
A recap of Cruzs first WI stop, where he evaded some tough Qs about carpet bombing and why he went easy on Trump 
ForecasterEnten You wonder why Romney and Bush dont get this. Then you remember: Neither of them became president. 
varadmehta ForecasterEnten Remember that Kasich lost the Appalachian parts of OH which resemble WEPA 
Why does Tweetdeck insist on correcting Kasich to Katich, which is not a word. 
varadmehta ForecasterEnten Also makes Katichs point about staying in. Those suburbs aint going for Cruz. 
MadaGasp jamesspivey LizMair Cruz and Heidi both did already. 
New  poll: Trump 33 Kasich 30 Cruz 20 
MZHemingway Both-sides-ism run amok 
I know for a fact Cruz had nothing to do with the ad LizMair produced, yes. 
It's Newt. 
Cruz never attacked Melania. But maybe this (easily rectified) confusion is what Trump wants. 
Im just tweeting about it, dreading the actual content that others will create. 
hahaha 
PatrickSvitek Its depressing. I want to cover an election. If I wanted to write about crappy reality TV Id be doing that instead. 
Only four as I explain in this YouTube segment lines in this HA Goodman column. Hes slipping. 
I imagine the cable bookers getting ready for another round of What Trump Tweeted and I feel like Im in the back of the Snowpiercer 
Like, you won 21 primaries/caucuses so far. Maybe just dont tweet about Megyn Kelly or Cruzs wife! Spare us this jackassery! 
I realize hes the frontrunner, but can Trump just not do something dumb for an hour so we can talk about this stuff 
Oh god are we doing this again 
Even better: Suppression that increased left-wing activist anger at Hillary, who had nothing to do with it! 
Cruz: The polling consistently shows that I beat Hillary Clinton. Well 
Less than two hours until the greatest event in television history trumpvsbernie 
Some of Trump's big Hill detractors are 2010 Tea Party members who think he's a self-promoter with no strategy. (Some are not!) 
Cruz: "Among the career politicians in Washington I am not the most popular person." WI's own Ron Johnson, not a career pol, dislikes him. 
In 90 seconds Cruz has turned the Q about why senators don't like him over to his riff on Trump donating to Democrats. 
Sykes asks Cruz why Senate colleagues aren't endorsing him: "People across the country are frustrated," says Cruz, pivoting immediately. 
Next level yglz tweet right here 
This SykesCharlie interview with Cruz is admirably tough. Lots of yes-but-how follow-up. 
Cruz demurs on Q about Romney's Trump critique: "What I agree with is that the policies Donald is supporting will not fix the problems." 
Cruz insists he will keep Trump attacks to policy: "I have zero interest whatsoever in any parts of Donald Trumps anatomy."  
Cruz on why he had a detente with Trump: "If you look at a number of the candidates who took on Donald early on, they ended up as roadkill." 
Sykes asks Cruz about the Trump Heidi tweet, then reminds him of his tweet saying he wouldn't get in a "cage match" with Trump. 
TheFix You on point, Fix? 
So far Cruz has turned every Q at this forum into a pointed attack on a Trump policy. 
Cruz, pushed on whether he wants to carpet-bomb or precision-bomb ISIS: "I mean using overwhelming airpower to saturation-bomb them." 
Cruz is building escape hatches left and right on this "patrolling Muslim neighborhoods" Q: "My focus is on stopping Islamists." 
No softballs from SykesCharlie to Cruz: First Q at WI forum is what he meant by "patrolling Muslim neighborhoods." 
Sad! 
Ban everything. 
HeerJeet Should I see "Batman v Superman" 
Sen. Ron Johnson, not a Cruz fan, says he voted absentee. Won't say who for. "Secret ballot." 
Is there even a case of a scary trans person committing some crime in a restroom, to "justify" this panic? 
Troll rating:  
Everything you need to know about why Wisconsin is looking so good for the Cruz/stop-Trump campaigns 
Sort of sad that todays kids have the boring, violent Henry Cavill Superman. I got to grow up with the awesome Christopher Reeve one. 
Bruce Wayne got a small $1 million loan from his father, and he built a great company, let me tell you. 
Big surprise, he prefers the illegal alien to the job-creating capitalist. 
SethAMandel DouthatNYT The gist: Suburban MKE is not like suburban Chicago or Detroit. Very very anti-Trump. 
SethAMandel DouthatNYT I just finished 1200 words on why WI may go for Cruz so now I have an excuse to tweet it at you. 
Just filed some of my most crucial content ever from a certain county in Wisconsin which I wont name but it rhymes with WAUKESHA." 
Looking tight. It could come down to crucial Waukesha County. 
ForecasterEnten What does anything mean 
Kasich in WI: If I drop out, Trump wins. 
Kasich on Trump's Heidi Cruz/spill beans tweet: "I did not hear that, and I dont know what that means, but I certainly wouldnt go there." 
Kasichs problem: He could do as well in WI as he did in MI, but lose every delegate, as theyre assigned to state and district winners. 
Kasich on Wisconsin: "We're gonna do fine here. I'm not gonna predict we're gonna win here." 
Kasich asks for Wisconsins help in the next 10 days or whatever it is. (Its 13 days) 
Kasich dodges Q about Trump/Cruz by saying RNC delegates will decide that only he can beat Hillary. 
VOTER: If you dont get this nomination, will you support this bozo Trump or this Cruz? KASICH: Boy, I wish I hadnt called on you." 
Kasich says he's got less press bc he's polite: Just ask your governor, who labored in obscurity because he wouldnt call anybody names." 
EsotericCD I also think it makes a big dif if Kasich enters Cleveland with just Ohio or if he has won a couple April 26 states. 
April 19 increasingly looks like a defining day of the primary; if Trump romps, Cruz joins Kasich in the no path to 1237 club, 
Kasich says Trump clearly beats Cruz without him in the race: "I'm the only one who can compete in the east." 
A Q to Kasich begins I consider myself pretty liberal" 
JakeSherman sdjacksondc First you get the Macomb County public works commission, then you get the money, then you get the power 
Kasich knocks Cruz/Trump: "When Brussels happened, I knew how to talk about it in a way a leader should talk about it." 
A woman in the audience cheers when Kasich mentions McKees Rocks. He seems surprised. Youre from McKees Rocks? Why are you here?" 
Yes, the Very Serious people understand that ISIS can literally cause America to stop existing 
Thompson says that before he reformed the state, some people moved to Illinois and "people on welfare were comin to Wisconsin." 
A slim-looking Tommy Thompson is on deck to introduce Kasich.  
Now on PA at Kasich event: We Built This City. Absolutely disqualifying.  
Strong gif game 
Scott Walker manages to hint at a Cruz endorsement while making Kasichs argument for an open convention 
Heidi Cruzs yeoman effort to move past but what about Trumps tweet tho Qs 
That joke is on its 10th month 
All 6 of the Qs to Heidi Cruz at that press conference were about the Trump tweet. 
Heidi Cruz: "We will be in Wisconsin through the election... when informed voters vote, they vote for Ted." 
Heidi Cruz revving up Waukesha campaign office: "Republicans are the party of the working class." 
Heidi Cruz on Trump tweet: "Many of the things others say are not based in reality." 
I was interested in "Batman v Superman" but the reviews have turned me off. 
Chewie ... we're home 
The big donor bet on an un-nominatable Jeb Bush remains the fatal mistake of the R primary 
NSFW 
 
Score Walker hints at Cruz endorsement, points out that Lincoln was nominated at open convention 
Scott Walker to SykesCharlie: "I don't think an open convention is a bad thing." 
Scott Walker tells SykesCharlie that he'll probably decide on a presidential endorsement after Easter "for maximum impact." 
East coast elitist jbarro had by far the best (early!) take on the Arizona primary 
If Im a Cruz ally, I start to say Kasich must win WI or get out  knowing Kasichs weaker there than in the April 26 states. 
Im old enough to remember when Cruz warned that The Establishment was getting behind Trump bc Bob Dole said he preferred Trump to Cruz. 
My favorite weekly press release is the RNCs cough cough HEY LOOK OVER THERE statement after big Trump/Cruz wins 
Pundits get zapped by Men in Black device after every primary. Hillarys basically won already. ZAP Could Utah change everything?" 
Why did it take so long for Jeb Bush to endorse an attorney who worked on the Florida recount for his brother? 
That was during Iran hostage crisis surge of support for Carter, before the public turned on him 
Gonna come down to crucial Ozaukee County. 
2012 Utah turnout in R primary: 242,272. 2016 caucus turnout: 170,697. Drop-off bc of voting system or because no Romney on ballot? 
FWIW Im in Wisconsin which I think Cruz has a great chance of winning. 
Amazing to watch Cruz plan A (beat establishment on March 1) be replaced by plan B (become establishment lifeboat vs Trump). 
Not that it matters, but Trump's  percentage isn't shrinking as Election Day votes are counted. Solid 47. 
Accidentally profound gif 
Wow RINO --gt; 
Hmmm 
So far the Maricopa County election day vote is delivering as big for Trump as early vote; only difference is Rubio fall-off. 
One thing you can say for winner-take-all primaries: They save you from watching late Arizona returns. 
The idea that Cruz would struggle to break 50 in a caucus state full of Mormons was crazy 
Everything I'm hearing about "Batman v. Superman" suggests that it may be so bad it's kicked back to the court of appeals. 
The media didn't make the Utah GOP end voting after east coast print deadlines! 
chrislhayes There were some dumb  
What was the theory that Cruz could upset in AZ? That he would win election day votes by like 20 points? 
Arpaiomentum 
Except for the 58 delegates he'll get, yeah, definitely 
Surely this will be the thing that brings down Trump 
Pretty rude of state election offices to just up and ignore the CNN countdown clock like this 
Max_Fisher I'm so goddamn tired of the derp overwhelming everything in this election 
Can someone retweet the Trump thing because I'm worried it's not getting enough exposure thx 
Liz, I love ya, but you can't exactly take credit for Utah rejecting Trump. 
That's what I love about Waukesha County, man. I get older. The jokes stay the same age. 
PatrickSvitek VaughnHillyard Bad reporter for the failing MSNBC! Sad! 
MattBors deep_beige Pro tip: Embed the tweet in your  to get valuable traffic 
Looking tight in  Could come down to crucial Waukeshacopa County. 
It says nothing good about my life choices that my entire Twitter feed is now talking about a Trump tweet 
cc neilyourself 
Hrm 
Interesting map of the Muslim neighborhoods that President Cruz will police  lots in Texas 
No exit polls in AZ or UT tonight, so I intend to just tweet "WOAH" and a link to a Rick Astley video from time to time. 
We're approaching the fourth decade of Andy Partridge's feud with Todd Rundgren. (I am on team TR). 
Huge --gt; 
I mean this woman asked if the orange chicken would be too spicy for her. And you wonder why Trump's winning 
Person asking if every item at airport Chinese counter is "spicy": You are making America great again. 
CAIR not really feeling the Cruz "patrol Muslim neighborhoods" idea 
CAIR spokesman on Cruz "patrol Muslim neighborhoods" line: "Shows you what happens when you appoint policy advisors like Frank Gaffney." 
 
Cruz mentioned radical Islam 4 times in his short Brussels response. Kasich took another tack 
My election bet today: Cruz cracks 50 in Utah, Trump wins Arizona pretty easily, Trump +18 over Cruz for the day (in delegates). 
To be fair Trump has been on this "Brussels ruined by immigrants" kick for a while 
CNN during a foreign policy crisis is jarring. "We've replaced the random people talking about Trump with these experts who know things." 
The only AIPAC recap you need 
In cab listening to local news. AIPAC conference summarized as "Trump gave a speech to thousands of Jewish voters" 
You are literally the worst 
Rep. Brad Sherman, still in the press area, applauds when Cruz says he will not be neutral bt Israeli and the Palestinians 
Obviously that Palestine gaffe will end Trump's campaign 
Dem Rep. Brad Sherman, in press box, yells "bingo!" when Cruz dings Trump for saying "Palestine." 
Applause for Cruz, as he enters, notably quieter than applause for Trump. He's more right-wing than this crowd usually supports 
Cruz will surely not use a script but I can predict his opening: "God bless AIPAC." 
"My daughter Ivanka is about to have a beautiful Jewish baby" was not in the script. 
It's a verbal tic, let me tell you 
Trump ad-libs that Obama "may be the worst thing to happen to Israel." 
Trump adds an unscripted "yay!" to the line "with President Obama in his final year." Biggest applause so far. 
This is the first Trump speech I can remember being prepared and loaded and advance 
Some laughter when Trump says he's studied the Iran deal more than anybody else. "Believe me!" 
Trump is speaking in front of a teleprompter -- a vanishingly rare sight 
If anyone is walking out on Trump they're hard to notice rn 
No, Israel Ben-Gurion Kushner 
Follow at  maggieNYT MichaelCBender kailanikm betsy_klein philipaklein jacobkornbluh and British reporter Bencjacobs 
Bencjacobs willrahn Its like the Lend-Lease program, but for jokes  a great British-American deal. 
Area Journalist Periscopes Event That Has Free Livestream Available for Some Reason 
Trump at AIPAC: The shanda heard 'round the world. 
PatrickGillam Sick! 
Anti-Trump groups keep running an ad that pollsters warn them isnt working 
MattNegrin The new terrible, horrible, no good hed 
Didnt realize swin24 was so passionate about Americas relationship with Israel 
I hope this Cuba gaffe doesnt distract from todays historic news: Trump has a really classy hotel opening up soon. 
Not enough news channels using this to intro segments today imo 
katiepack rickklein Still one of the creepiest lines of the year 
I'm disrespectful to dirt. Can you see that I am serious? 
RIP Science Club 
Sad! 
Trump reveals classy, luxurious foreign policy team. Let me tell you 
swin24 At least it's a break from your usual film criticism! 
Didn't they read the  about how he'll go away if the media ignores him 
Same 
No-talent reporter for the failing Washington Free Beacon. Sick! 
dougstafford Yes but the supply never runs out 
Its cold out today, so take some Actually Obama created Trump by being divisive hot  with you for the commute. 
It's not just Trump: Expect to see more rich people entering politics as uncorruptible and "unbought" 
He's a tremendous bowler with really powerful hands, let me tell you 
Also, err, does FiveThirtyEight really want to relive the 2015 UK election? 
Why is total US population compared to a UK electorate that included 2/3 of eligible UK voters? 
robport I was joking about the search for a GOP savior 
Last names German, not Jewish, but thanks for the thought! 
doritmi Popehat Slublog Yes. 
SteveDeaceShow I was surprised to learn that AZ is only 4 Mormon. Not enough material for an anti-Trump unity vote there 
RonMann19 Thanks! 
Popehat Thanks. 
1) We cannot have a vote on SCOTUS until the voters weigh in. 2) If the GOPs voters weigh in and nominate Trump they must be stopped. 
I guess we can write off Jack Dalrymple as the 2016 non-Trump GOP savior 
Jeb Bush loaned or gave his campaign $407,000. Please clap somehow even sadder now. 
In your eyes, I see the doorways of a thousand churches -- really tremendous churches, the best 
Yessir, talked to PFM and others 
Anyway, Johnson is a mess, but it's a little unsettling that he claims to have Cruz's ear. 
I mean have you seen this election 
The concept of "projection" is useful here 
Honestly that's why I engage. Nobody should feel like mental health is an attackable character flaw. 
This seems like a "living well is the best revenge" situation tbqh 
Johnson has "exposed" my history of depression because I've... written about it. Not ashamed for a second. 
Also, why does Johnson think I'm ashamed of dealing with mental health issues en route to a successful career? 
Nothing sad at all about a guy getting trolls to send his Facebook posts around bc he's banned from Twitter 
The "go ahead and protest Trump, his voters have guns" meme is not creepy at all 
Let's see how many news cycles we can burn talking about people shoving each other at rallies. 
He's won 2.6 million votes. 
But success in political journalism means you don't have to talk to anyone between the Acela line and Aspen 
The Church of Ronald Reagan of Latter Day Republicans 
You know who else self-destructed? 
MatthewKeysLive Got a second source on that? 
NickRiccardi NateSilver538 DouthatNYT The result: a two-term Democratic governor 
Crucial 
Sad! 
Huge --gt; 
Didnt Serial used to be a thing? 
PatrickRuffini This is why, if Trump is the nominee and Hillary wins, I'd bet the house on President Cruz 2021. 
Hillary can win w/o winning white voters, just like Obama. But two years ago Dems thought she could win them back. 
jbarro Im just saying that Cruzs I fought the Gang of Eight pitch suffers a bit when 1/4 of it backs him! 
Would Rubio/Graham endorsements help or hurt Cruz before the Arizona primary? Perhaps I am overthinking this. 
allahpundit Sorry, former gov endorsed! 
allahpundit If he drives Cruz below 50 he gets delegates. Gov has endorsed him. We really don't know how post-Mitt Utah votes. 
FWIW he announced the trip on March 13 
irin Nothing until the American people weigh in 
irin It was 
irin Oh god is it going to be Janice Rogers Brown, who will expose Democrats as The Real Racists? 
Same 
4-part series on American voter anger by davidmaraniss and newsbysamuels. Click already. 
First poll I've seen of  Trump with 52-point lead over Cruz, 72 favorability 
No, the Chocolate Watch Band 
Gillian Jacobs in 2008: Already so funny that her minor character gets the opening and kicker of this trailer 
jbarro We're talking about the Lindsey Graham whose endorsement rocketed Jeb to 4th place in SC, right 
Why Lindsey Graham doesn't like Kasich 
Arizona primary is in 5 days.  to when Sen. Jeff Flake told me Trump would quit after Iowa 
Listening to a concept album about the rise of Trump 
DanteAtkins Holy shit, the both sides-ism is amazing. Sure, Trump wants to ban Muslims, but Hillary once gaffed about juvenile delinquents! 
Why won't Dan Nainan leave you alone? 
Not only do people publish him; Mike Bloomberg gave him a pile of money and a match. 
garonsen davidcolburn You gotta love the writing style of constantly referring to his TV appearances. 
Bad reporter for the failing Daily Beast! 
Can I blame Millennials for this somehow? 
I literally am rn 
Why MikeGrunwald is journalism's savior 
It's going to be weird when Katrina Pierson takes over for PressSec 
A good day for Kasich: Crowded PA rally followed by Rubio flunky dropping his ballot challenge 
I mean just 30 days ago Politico was writing this 
The whiplash from last months everythings coming up Rubio takes to todays Rubio ran the worst campaign takes is something 
Was wondering how HA Goodman would spin March 15. "Clinton could get FBI and Justice Department indictments." 
jbarro Yeah we both adjusted quickly 
Been eight months since my sadly accurate trolling of jbarro 
Nonsense, those are clearly Economic Uncertainty tattoos 
The primary as seen from Youngstown, Ohio 
BKcolin AaronBlake Right, I didn't want to say that about WaPo tho 
Big loser AaronBlake is a bad reporter, no class. Sad! 
McConnell's bet against Garland reminds me of his bet against Obamacare: Deny bipartisan support, win next prez election. Didn't work. 
How is this headline not "He's the captain now" 
Cruz needs that 80 with NY, PA, MD, AZ yet to vote, all of which look bad for him 
Of the remaining GOP candidates for president, only one (Cruz) has not hosted a TV show. 
charles_gaba The woodworking guy! It's dangerous, what he's doing! 
Flashback to the Rubio ad in which Average Americans stopped what they were doing to listen to his amazing speech 
At the same time, nobody's writing about how data won x or y in the wake of Trump wins 
No, because I'd have to steal it from swin24 
Where did all these camera come from 
Kasich, asked about Cruz saying he's just handing the race to Trump: "Neither of those guys can win a general election." 
Mediamentum 
Kasich on Garland: "I think a president can send somebody up in their last year," but not Obama, because he's been too polarizing. 
You know who else made decisions that led to less political speech by his rivals 
Big Kasich crowd at Villanova, with a few hundred people stuck outside 
It begins 
Kasich press corps seems larger today for some reason 
Let's be honest: Vitter's a disgraced future lobbyist who was rejected by Louisiana voters four months ago. 
Of all the senators insisting that Obama can't make appointment, the scandal-plagued lame duck is the chutzpah-iest 
So Rubio's strongest voter support came from: 1) Puerto Rico, 2) Miami, 3) DC and beltway, 4) Des Moines, 5) the Twin Cities 
Rubio implosion makes Obama's 2008 achievement even more impressive. Not easy for first-term senator to pull off 
The GOP is the 2007 Patriots 
To build narrative that he alone could challenge Trump anywhere. Didn't work. 
Two Trump delegates with Arabic-sounding names lost in Illinois. 
No, it's Super Wednesday. 
John Boehner, who just endorsed Kasich for president, says he wants Paul Ryan to be the nominee 
Why did Rubio drop out when HuffPost still has an uncorrected story up about Romney endorsing him? 
Key point here: Cruz needs to win 79 of all remaining delegates. Why even his dream of a two man race is tricky. 
What was the bigger own goal: Rand paying for a KY caucus that Trump won, or the FL GOP making FL winner-take-all to help Jeb? 
Congrats Mobute! 
They project that they want to go home tonight 
There's an old saying about a beam and a note that applies here I think 
On the BBC World Service shortly, taking work away from British reporter Bencjacobs 
No, they're refitting the tracks to make way for the Snowpiercer 
Nine months ago 
TheFix Let's dispel with this notion that it's bad. 
Rubio lost 66 of 67 Florida counties, carrying only Miami-Dade. 
Cruz on track to win Cape Giradeau, MO, birthplace of El Rushbo. 
Area reporter only one in press row without hacking cough 
The trolling campaign stops Cruz did in FL and OH seem slightly less clever now. 
Reminder: the Stop Trump forces spent around $15 million in Florida, $5 million in Illinois. 
After tonight, Cruz is being a little slippery when he claims he has a path to 1237. Would take a series of miracles. 
Kasich taking around 21 of the vote in the Charlotte, NC area. Why his people are so bullish on coming suburban votes. 
Redistrict So far no, right? 
Kasich: "Were going to go all the way to Cleveland and secure the Republican nomination." 
Cheers at Kasich party when the screen finally turns on to play the Fox News call 
Mistakes were made. 
 
They're going to come down to crucial Waukesha Counties. 
Ohio GOP chairman Matt Borges tells Kasich crowd he's already gotten a text from Reince, congratulating Kasich 
As Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine tells Kasich crowd that the race is down to "four, maybe three" candidates, Rubio suspends his campaign 
Trump lost late deciders in  by just 8 points -- better than usual. Suggests little damage from Chicago. 
In May 2015, imagine telling people that neither Jeb nor Rubio would come within 15 points of Trump as he won Florida. 
74 of Pinellas County (Clearwater, St. Pete) is in and Trump is winning over Rubio by 23 points. It's over.  
Lots of confetti going off at Democratic parties tonight. Rubio seemed like a 2016 threat from the second he beat Crist. Now he's history. 
Hey, remember how the voters of Florida -- Florida! -- were going to save the GOP from a crazy result? 
Let's dispel with this notion that Donald Trump doesn't know what he's etc. 
Early vote in Palm Beach and Broward has Trump stomping Rubio by 29 and 20 points respectively. The Rubio campaign ends at 8 pm. 
Early exit polls in  look strong for evale72 
The greatest lie the devil ever told was "key race alert." 
Rubio campaign rn (10 points to anyone who gets the reference) 
My predictions for tonight: Trump wins FL/IL/NC; Cruz wins MO; Kasich wins OH. Unless Cruz takes another state, narrative is 3-man race. 
mmurraypolitics Why I think Cruz needs at least a MO win tonight. If Kasich wins OH and becomes a Trump alternative, lots Dem crossover. 
mmurraypolitics tvkatesnow Whod she vote for? 
Meanwhile, in Phoenix 
JoyAnnReid I think it benefits Trump and Kasich. 
For comparison, 47 of  GOP voters had college degrees. 
They debuted this in NH 
DCs Wednesday commute (artists impression) 
What did DC do to anger Chris Christie? Was it the Trump jokes? We can stop making those! 
Huge if true 
Early (br)Exit polls -- 
Primaries work fine in some party decides scenario. If an insurgent blows in, you realize that the delegate rules are insane. 
Not to get all Nassim Taleb over here, but you need a Black Swan like Trump to show you how garbage the primary system really is. 
 
Trump netted more delegates over Cruz in the Marinas Islands (9) than Cruz netted over Trump in Alaska, Oklahoma, and Maine combined (6). 
So uh what ever happened to this story 
jason_howerton Remember, some of the Florida panhandle closes at 8 p.m. ET, so no one can call before that. 
The Dems'  map will be amazing tonight. Watch all the SE Ohio counties where she crushed Obama in 2008. 
"My Struggle: A life in the news business" 
Talking  on KPCC 89.3 in a bit 
VOTER IN MANSFIELD OH: Kasich's been a good governor. ME: How's he been for Mansfield? VOTER: Oh, this town is dead. 
cc dick_nixon 
Key counties to watch on  Florida: Waukesha Illinois: Waukesha Missouri: Waukesha Ohio: Waukesha North Carolina: Waukesha 
Meanwhile, in Congress 
Breakthrough: A "Buzzfeed does journalism" story that doesn't mention cat videos! 
Kasich votes in Ohio and hints that he'll start going after realDonaldTrump's rhetoric about women 
Adding to my "why are we writing off IL as a Trump win" rant: $5.3 million in anti-Trump spots have run there. 
As you go about your life today, please: Hug a pundit. 
What fresh hell is this 
At the same time, I naively thought Jeb! donors would go to Rubio. Most of them sat on their wallets. 
Kasich says this is not the day to attack Trump, but he'll have "something to say" about Trump's rhetoric about women. 
Gonna try to interview this Ohio swing voter. White, male, over 60 -- probably for Trump. 
NathanWurtzel I really felt that at CPAC this year. "Huh, nobody here actually has influence." 
If you're paying attention, MO and IL are close! But like the whole press corps is in Florida for... some reason. 
Like 55 of conservative media right now is pundits writing pols out of the movement if they back Trump 
I feel like the focus on OH/FL is setting up Cruz to claim a Historic Upset if he takes MO and/or IL. 
The Conservative Party! Its not taken here. 
Trump has overcome plenty of scandals but this is going to hurt 
Pretty apt analogy, TBH. Rubio loses, but the establishment rallies and fights 
reidepstein JFKucinich EVERYBODY GETS TO DANCE 
2 Super 2 Tuesday 
Yuge 
In which Trump makes fun of Christie to mock Kasich 
I fully believe Cruz could upset in IL, but this graph does not do much to prove that... 
If you're surprised that voters in a blue collar town are leaving a rally to get dinner or go to work... 
Rubio campaign pushing video of voters leaving Trump's Ohio rally before he finished; in my experience, a lousy test of campaign momentum. 
Trump, describing his tour guide in Dubai: "Akbar. Good guy. Nice guy. I get along with everybody!" 
Chris Christie and Donald Trump take the stage to the sound of the Alan Parson Project's "Sirius." 
Obviously unaware of Lincoln's historic "Jefferson Davis has a tiny ween" speech upon the ruins of Atlanta. 
The Trump plane arrival took too long so the PA has moved from the "Air Force One" theme to "Tiny Dancer" as the plane kind of sits there 
Beginning of the end? 
You know who did implement his agenda? 
ClareMalone In tandem I think. 
The prayer ends and the PA starts blasting "Let's Spend the Night Together" 
Pastor saying the prayer before Trump rally asks God for an end to heroin and for prayer in schools 
Current status 
Wow RINO 
And they may find themselves/ living in a shotgun shack 
GrahamDavidA Too soon. 
Mittmentum for Kasich 
You know who else... etc 
"Senator Rubio, did people think this day would ever come?" 
Romney on Kasich: "Unlike the other people running, he has a real track record. He has the kind of record that you want in Washington." 
Kasich praises Romney by comparing what the 2002 Olympics did for America's image abroad w/ what Trump rally fighting has done. 
Currently ruining Romney/Kasich event: Dude with "Romney pay up" sign 
Kasich, rallying with Romney in Ohio today, says he might lead in delegates by the convention 
Todays lesson: Dont make fun of a surprise speech cancellation. 
  
I bet the cancelation of the Palin rally gets more coverage than the actual Cruz rallies that happen today. 
Kasich: "You will see me pick up steam and have momentum. I may go to the convention with more delegates than any of em." 
Is this the real life Is this just fantasy 
Bernie on NAFTA et al in Youngstown: "Not only did I vote against these disastrous trade agreements, I led the opposition." 
Rahm's anchor effect on Hillary in Chicago reminds me of Jane Byrne dragging Ted Kennedy down in the 1980  
Sanders, complete with "whoosh!" sound effect, mimes like he's tossing his non-existent Wall Street transcripts to the audience 
Voting doesn't end in Florida until tomorrow, but Rubio has already lost crucial Leibovich County 
Election night reporting isn't really built for close primaries. Reporting state wins obscures the Calvinball of delegate selection. 
Using the same logic, I hereby refuse to go on a date with Jennifer Lawrence. 
Wow RINO 
Bernie in a nutshell: A grizzled IBEW rep leaves the stage, is replaced by a woman with tie-dyed shirt and tambourine. 
Boos for Bill Clinton's name at the Bernie Youngstown rally, when a speaker says "NAFTA screwed us pure and simple." 
One hole in Cruz's econ pitch: He imagines America where "young people are coming out of school with 3,4,5 job offers." What if you're 50? 
Kasich rally and Bernie rally in Youngstown, five minutes apart 
At this point a Rubio win in Florida would be the biggest upset of all time 
Refrain I hear from Ohio voters who support Trump; the Trump fans they know are peaceful, so they think the media is trumping up violence 
Republican restaurant 
Maybe they were saying Ruuuuuuuuubio 
Does swin24 have better things to do? 
Kasich worries that Trump rally fracases will become propaganda for America's enemies 
Congrats SonnyBunch! 
Kasich says "our enemies are watching" the videos of violence at Trump rallies. 
Kasich, asked if he would make Rubio his VP, and thus acquire his delegates: "That's sort of measuring the drapes." 
Kasich crowd in Ohio cheers when he said he did every Sunday show this morning 
ForecasterEnten PatrickRuffini I dunno. If Kasich wins Ohio and Cruz doesn't make up the delegate gap in MO/IL/NC, pretty good for Trump 
Opinionatedcath Could you take two hours off work to wait Ij a line? 
Tomorrow: Puppet show and Spinal Tap 
Well, he had a good run. 
Rubio got 101,633 votes in Arkansas, and 9 delegates. He got 1059 votes in DC, and 10 delegates. What a way to pick a president. 
ellencarmichael Not after this. But since 2007, yeah. 
ellencarmichael I didn't vote. I don't do long lines. 
Well, ktumulty has written a very classy article, I will tell you. 
Whoa, if true 
Bear2theRight I'm switching my registration bc of this. 
Perhaps he was talking to the members of beloved yacht rock group Toto? 
Remember: The official hashtag for tonight's Trump rally in Kansas City is  
The latest on Trump's rivals finally condemning him, with katiezez jimtankersley 
DailyGrumbles PaulBlu I filed four stories today. Did not have 2 hours to spare. 
You know what else backfired? Operation Barbarossa. 
FWIW that announcement started in December; I heard it at the Biloxi rally. 
If you'd told me that 2016 would see 5 unemployment and $2 gas, I probably wouldn't have predicted populist disruptions of both parties. 
This  is so hot it could power a solar system 
Remember that time a presidential candidate yelled out the names of states kind of loud and he was crazy and it ended his campaign 
Jeb announced NV events before SC primary result; Christie announced SC events before NH primary result. 
TRUMP: Hey, Bernie, apologize for your supporters who shut me down! BERNIE: New phone who dis 
I get the temptation to say "lol Trump looked scared," but I don't like that precedent 
deep_beige He didn't just shout. He was running onto the podium. 
Good video angle of the man hopping the barrier and trying to rush Trump 
The Trump Secret Service incident reminds me a little of this 
That he is surging in OH, I mean. Ideal situation for Cruz: Trump wins FL/OH, Cruz gets 1-on-1 race. 
MalShelbourne Yes. On hard deadlines today. Dont have the time. Would have if it was my typical 15-minute voting experience. 
Ted Cruz puts an Ohio event on the schedule for Sunday night. The goal: Build buzz that he is surging, even if polls dont show it. 
Bernie Sanders responds to Trump blaming him for protests. He... begs to differ. 
MalShelbourne I walked away, chose not to vote. 
cc RepRubenGallego 
Sad! 
Craziest sidebar of the day: the Bernie supporter in Ohio accused of being the Nazi saluter in Illinois 
Meanwhile, EWErickson is stocking up on ammo 
Ben Ginsberg waits to vote in the DC GOP primary 
Not voting for the first time ever. Can't work today and wait through a 90-minute line. Changing my registration after this, DCGOP. 
Ted Cruz in Missouri, via my colleague katiezez 
Yeah, not ideal for people who have to work all Saturday. Great job, DC GOP. 
Strangely, people also chant TRUMP when I take off my coat. 
Via stuartpstevens, this 1968 George Wallace speech is a... fun read today. 
"We can't allow our First Amendment rights be taken away from us," says Trump, who wants to change those rights to sue journalists. 
Trump on the protesters in Chicago: "Some represented Bernie, our communist friend... he should get up and say to his people, 'stop.'" 
This is also a good line to use on a date when it's not going well. 
Because typo scolds cant say you made a typo. They have to vent about how they cant read you anymore. 
Thank you, reader, furious that a word was spelled wrong in a story about the Trump riot. That's really the important part of all this. 
New Trump schedule has Trump hitting Cincy on Sunday after all, in Bloomington IL right before 
Political revolution! 
Oh cool a marathon that shuts off every street on the way to work I love those 
ampersandcastle Are you actually getting tweets from people who say she was a plant? 
Rubio/Cruz/Kasich criticize Trump (and protesters) for tonights Chicago garbage fire 
Get in their faces was about civil argument, not rioting, FFS 
In fairness, Germany was pretty tough on British reporters. That's what he's talking about, right? 
Gotta hear both sides 
I dont want to break up the good news party, but apparently Keith Emerson actually killed himself. 
Never trust British reporters! 
When has David Gergen talked to a Trump voter? 
Meanwhile, somewhere in Canada, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is probably riding a unicorn and handing out teddy bears. 
Don't worry, folks. I'm sure the nomination of Donald Trump in Cleveland will go without incident. 
Also, if you're surprised that Chicago was the site of an uglier Trump scene than anyplace else so far, well... 
So Trump just won the Illinois primary, right? 
And his shirt is brown. What are the odds? 
Marcy Kaptur for Sanders 
This is the network that ran a million segments about New Black Panthers who stood near a polling place 
Best modern interview with Keith Emerson was this from Innerviews 
My 2012 piece about Keith Emerson and the start o f progressive rock. Grateful to have talked to him. 
This was from yesterday. Crowd was booing because it was a ridiculous credential. 
ajohnston12 PatrickSvitek That is the correct amount of tacos. 
Music for the rest of the day. 
RIP Keith Emerson. 
Schlaflymentum 
The lack of any polling in  is going to let Cruz claim an upset when he wins it. 
Oh man 
Rubio fan fiction is the best 
1) Win OH. 2) Own moderate anti-Trump vote, win WI, PA, etc. 3) Come to Cleveland w enough delegates to buy in 
susan220 mattlurrie LizMair Whose attorney is the brother of the Rubio state chairman. 
Im surprised this Kasich attack from Trump doesnt hit the soft target: He voted for NAFTA and GATT! 
Schlafly for Trump 
Troll rating:  
Really excited for tonight's presidential debate! 
Thats only, what, $1700 per vote? 
Same 
BREAKING: Rubio ties with Trump in crucial caucus 
That amazing moment when Trump's three rivals decided not to criticize the violence at his rallies 
Ive got your answer: 
Perfect close from Trump: Who you gonna believe, the pollsters or the arenas I'm filling with voters? 
Said white guy got charged for assault. And you can't condemn that? What spinelessness. What weakness. 
I mean, a white guy punched a black guy, on camera. The black guy got arrested. The response here: Cops are awesome! 
It's like everyone over-learned the Kasich surge/Rubio plunge and decided not to swing at Trump. 
Blink and you missed it, but Cruz basically said the reason for political violence at Trump rallies was legitimate anger at Washington. 
You know who else was a strong leader 
Not a new position. 
timheidecker I've been meeting voters who might bail on him bc of the bombast. I think he's doing himself favors tonight. 
 
You really have to miss the presence of a veteran (McCain) laying the hammer down on torture/rules of engagement. 
I agree, just noting. 
Is Rubio aware of the exit polling that has supermajorities of GOP voters in favor of Trumps Islam stance? 
Actually I think the guy who won Michigan got the better of that one, vis-a-vis what voters want to hear. 
This seems like a weird night for Trumps rivals to let him have his best debate. 
Smoot-Hawley! Drink! 
This story went up just as Cruz was announcing another rally in Florida 
Donald Trump: Surely the only man to be endorsed by both David Duke and Ben Carson. 
The dude made fun of his life story and compared him to a pedophile! 
In any other election, Sanders becoming an icon and winning primaries would be THE story. This year, we have punch-ups at Trump rallies. 
Ted Cruz just put a Friday morning Orlando rally on the schedule. Rubio trolling achievement: Unlocked. 
Maybe this will be like the time he lied about Muslims cheering on 9/11 and his campaign imploded 
Yeah,  Q people ask me when they find out what I do for a living 
What IChotiner said 
Danny McBridge and Walton Goggins getting in dumb fights and arguing with kids? Im in. 
Fav election sideshow today: Kasich may stay on the  ballot bc a Rubio fan turned in his challenge late 
Make assault charges great again 
Buried lede: People still employ Patrick Howley. 
Trump Poutine only uses the very best gravy. You're gonna like it a lot, let me tell you. 
Cruzmentum 
Obviously it was white and gold 
Trudeau/Obama/Pea Nieto surely constitute the handsomest troika of NAFTA country leaders ever. 
DouthatNYT jonathanchait Well... 
Marco Rubio has not led in a Florida primary poll. Ever. 
Perfect jonathanchait look at how Rubio actually followed the "mock Trump" strategy conservatives were asking for 
This TimAlberta article, all true at the time, reads surreal right now. 
You know who else had his image displayed in public places? 
Lol 
What was swin24 doing there? 
THAT'S ELIZABETH WARREN'S MUSIC 
Doesn't this just reinforce how Kasich is becoming the third choice as Rubio evanesces? 
ktumulty crushing it 
Same 
Let PhilipRucker costareports and mateagold take you inside the Rubiopocalypse. 
Kasichmentum 
baseballcrank I think destroying Trump's immigration credibility, if possible, is the path. 
Kasich on  "We woulda had another day, God knows what woulda happened." 
Kasich, to a question about the Quinnipiac poll: "You think I'm stalled out? Come to Ohio." 
Offbrand Bernie Sanders impersonator crashes Kasich rally 
"I just talked to Paul Ryan a few minutes ago," says Kasich in Illinois, not elaborating. 
Kasichmentum in the NW suburbs of Chicago 
Yeah, bc he ain't on track to get a clean delegate win either. 
Strong pbump 
OH at Kasich rally: "Why did the Trib endorse Rubio? Why even bother?" 
The plan: Fly an experimental spaceplane, get bombarded by cosmic rays. 
One reason that the voter backlash shocked Dems, I'd bet 
Live shot of AlexConant debunking the "maybe Rubio will quit" stories 
hashia93 Nice to meet you too! 
A woman at Kasich's crowded town hall asks how to pronounce his name. "It's Case-ick. We'll get it before I'm president." 
Someone faints at Kasich's morning town hall in Illinois, which means it'll make the news 
Crowd building for JohnKasich in DuPage County, IL 
Ongoing problem for Kasich: Even as Rubio melts down, pollsters test him against Hillary. But not Kasich. 
"Preliminary talks to hold a conference call." Yeah, no hurry, guys. 
If anyone can adapt "Alo Presidente!" for an American audience, it's him 
 
My report on the night Kasich became the third man, and wrote off Rubio 
Way to go, pollsters 
Cruz, who often claims to be capturing Reagan Democrats, is not cracking 18 in the counties that made them: Macomb, Wayne, Oakland. 
Kasich refers to the three of us competing in the remaining GOP primaries. i.e., writing off Marco. 
Kasich, likely looking at Wayne County: "In all likelihood, we're going to finish in second place." 
Kasich taking the stage now 
The John Kasich party in Columbus is like a moderate GOP reunion -- just ran into Chris Shays 
One  county where Trump is running third: Washtenaw, home of the University of Michigan and a buncha liberals. Kasich winning it. 
Kasich solidly beating Rubio into 4th in  building lead on Gulf coast and in metro Jackson. 
Nothing from Flint, Saginaw, Pontiac, etc... 
TimAlberta jonathanchait Grosse Pointe! 
Both Michigan and Mississippi look like delegate wipeouts for Rubio. 
Also, I think that Sanders number tumbles pretty fast when Wayne comes in for Hillary.  
Whether Kasich comes second in Michigan is really a question of whether Wayne County's vote looks like Oakland County. 
Hey remember that Trump is Collapsing narrative? That was cool and fun 
With his win in Mississippi, Donald Trump has carried every state that George Wallace carried in his 1968 presidential bid. 
And Gov. Phil Bryant (R-MS) joins the unhappy club of governors who couldn't deliver anti-Trump votes in their states. 
Kasich strong in Oakland County, Reagan Dem/crossover voter country. Watch for Cruz to improve when western MI comes in  
Remove the cartridge labeled "CRUZ SURGE NARRATIVE" Insert the cartridge labeled "KASICHMENTUM NARRATIVE" 
Exits have Trump winning evangelicals, again, in Mississippi -- 45-39 over Cruz. 
The subtext is rapidly becoming text. 
Same 
They got a second source on that? 
So it's more like the Golden Age Superman who could only jump high. 
As in rest of South I credit that to white conservatives fleeing the Obama-era Dems 
Ohioans: Why is Upper Sandusky way south of Sandusky? 
Clinton's gonna win by like 50 points. 
This  just melted my screen 
Since last poll, Trump +4, Cruz -1, Kasich +11 
Hitting the road with the perfect driving music 
If he'd watched "The Simpsons" he'd know the solution: Gain a bunch of weight, block the pipe. 
Ringing the "perennial story" alarm for jackshafer 
Sounds you like need a tax cut brah 
Here's Kasich being thankful for the Romney robocall but not in for that negative stuff 
Kasich on Romney robocall: "It's his words, I don't write his scripts." 
More Kasichmentum: Loud British reporter at his press conference, asking dumb questions. (When foreign press is there you're surging.) 
Some final 'mentum for Kasich in Michigan 
I just keep meeting Dems in MI who say Hillary has the primary locked, so they cast anti-Trump votes for Kasich. 
Free spin for team Cruz if Kasich scores 2nd in  He only did it with Democratic votes! 
Kasich speech bingo: A reference to the 1990s balanced budgets minus a reference to what marginal tax rates were at the time. 
  
Hence, Cruz insisting that he is the beat-Trump candidate literally everywhere. 
Exit poll Q I would love to see: "How do you pronounce John Kasich's name?" I still meet people who are excited to vote for "Kass-itch." 
Huge if whoa 
Really into the Hulk Hogan tweets interrupting election day Twitter. Keep 'em coming, Gleep Glop. 
Kasich holding one more MI rally, in Lansing. It's amazing to hear so many voters root on a brokered convention... 
Interesting stuff from ed_kilgore on how hard it is to wage a multi-state "stop candidate X" campaign 
My report from Cruz's 11th hour (literally) Michigan rally 
Yeah, without the delegate pile he was counting on from the South he has a hard road. 
My TV screen indicates that AlexConant is talking, but I need one anonymous source to confirm that. 
sarahkendzior jrosenbaum Also, the only context we have is the weird 2012 no-delegate primary where half the candidates didnt run. 
blakehounshell Thats what Im subtweeting! 
Missouri votes in 7 days and hasnt been polled since before Labor Day but SURE lets do more national polls instead 
It's a huge watch, really tremendous, let me tell you 
I wonder how much of Rubiofreude is pundit over-correction for over-rating his chance for (checks watch) five years 
Boy, we moved fast from "Rubio has had some disappointing results" to "RUBIO MUST DROP OUT NOW." 
What's cool about cable news is how every poll is reported with no context on how reliable it is, really cool 
Cool, just ignore the reporting I've done. 
Why MI is so important: If Kasich beats Cruz for 2nd (and is close behind Trump) it's a signal to GOP voters elsewhere that he's in it. 
Polling that shows GOP voters open to brokered convention is bad for Cruz. No reason for moderate GOPer to vote him if convention is option. 
Hey, the coverage of Rubio is pretty harsh! 
A reminder of how campaigns change things: a May 2015 story about how Sanders mostly appealed to old folks 
In Grand Rapids, Cruz repeats his "a vote for Kasich/Rubio is a vote for Trump" mantra -- less clear here than in MS 
More importantly, "Take Me or Leave Me" kicks it right in the ass 
A first on the Ted Cruz rally soundsystem: "Seasons of Love" from Rent 
Really unfair treatment of swin24 
Late night 'mentum for Cruz 
And at 11:03, Cruz arrives at his 8:30 rally. 
Another questioner asks Amash if we should give lashings to drug criminals. I have always been in this room. I will never leave. 
Justin Amash is stalling for Cruz by taking Qs. One voter asks if Cruz is a natural born citizen 
It was mostly just his theories about "The Shining" 
Two hours and nine minutes after Cruz rally start time, Rep. Justin Amash is still stalling for Cruz. 
Four, zero -- what's the difference, really 
Grand Rapids: TedCruz is now 90 minutes late but the crowd is not budging 
I'm fond of the Republican candidate who calls Jefferson "the founder of our party." 
This is a very cuckservative line of tweeting tbqh 
Haha Bloomberg winning Tennessee, that hive of gun control and soda portion fans 
You guys you guys he's gonna find the birth certificate 
Really tremendous victory, I will tell you 
A Rubio GOTV call in Michigan is functionally a Trump call 
In Grand Rapids, where a 8:30 Cruz rally has been pushed back to 10. Crowd getting free pasta in meantime.  
Meet Bernie/Kasich swing voters, Kasich/Trump voters, and more in my Michigan snapshot 
But will they 
Alex__Katz nice Lauder callback 
Bloomberg just couldn't compete with the youthful, heartland appeal of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump. 
Bluffer's March 8 guide: - Trump wins MS/MI, Kasich is 2nd in MI? New Stop Trump foe. - Cruz wins MS, 2nd in MI? He's Mr. Stop Trump. 
Met three voters at the Kasich rally who were deciding between him or Bernie. 
Anecdotal evidence of conservative Dems bolting the party in Ohio to vote Trump 
If he loses, the going theory will be that he lacked the gravitas to out-Trump Trump and survive 
One reason to keep chips on Donald Trump for a win (but perhaps not rout) in Michigan: 13 of voters tell Monmouth they've voted already. 
Grosse Pointe MI event has Kasich's biggest media retinue in days. He's doing a director's cut version of the "God made you special" riff. 
You can trace a lot of the Establishment's problems this year with rich donors thinking "obviously this country is hungry for Bush 3.0." 
NathanWurtzel Early votes + what happens when Rubio runs 4th in Michigan tomorrow... 
Kind of a race for 2nd: Cruz converting Carson voters and national rise, Kasich surging after debate 
To be clear, Kasich is saying that if someone goes to Cleveland with a plurality of delegates but not a majority, he's beatable. 
Here's Kasich on how the convention doesn't need to back the delegate leader. TRIGGER WARNING for Cruz/Trump fans 
Asked Kasich if he would need to have a plurality of delegates heading into a brokered convention to win. He didn't think so. 
I think my favorite voters are the Puerto Ricans who backed Trump, and I must head to San Juan for a week to find them. 
True! 
Final Puerto Rico vote: Rubio 71. Compare to Romney 85 (2012), McCain 90 (2008), Bush 94 (2000). 
Kasich: "I think we should abolish voicemail in the federal government."  
Not enough characters to describe the bonkers PA delegate system 
WaldoWilbur No, Michigan is tomorrow, Ohio next week. 
Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania 
Not impossible to imagine "Best Man" scenario: Kasich wins OH, Rubio loses FL, establishment swings behind Kasich for big midwest primaries. 
Kasich in Michigan: "You'll think I'm in suck-up mode here, but I've never met such nice people." cc jonathanchait 
File under "ominous": Voters at Kasich rally asked me when the final primary was. They thought April. Were dismayed to hear June. 
New with costareports: Kasich (and Rubio) try to stop Cruz from a breakout March 8 that makes him the anti-Trump 
Primaries: Hillary 8, Bernie 3 Caucuses: Bernie 5, Hillary 2 Primaries: Trump 10, Cruz 2, Rubio 1 Caucuses: Cruz 4, Trump 2, Rubio 1 
WarrenGOP Thanks for having me! 
I did not hit her. I did NOT! Oh, hi, Mark. 
Whoa, slow down, Mr. Socialist 
Really tough to look at. 
New from me and costareports: Can Cruz use the March 8 primaries to become the official anti-Trump? 
In that context I use "death matches" 
CONTEST (n) -- The word you use when you're too lazy to check if it's a caucus or primary 
Good news for Rubio: Since 1988, every winner of the Puerto Rico caucuses has won the GOP nomination.  
Arnold Schwarzenegger endorsing Kasich: "When he went to Washington, he kicked some serious butt." 
Because if we've learned anything in 2016, it's that piles of money will elect a candidate. 
Line building for JohnKasich in Columbus, an hour before he campaigns with Schwarzenegger 
He was Austrian. 
SteveKornacki yeselson Dude, you fixed it quickly and you are by FAR the most insightful election watched on TV. 
SteveKornacki yeselson I only jumped bc you said "Rand Paul's home town." 
Bad news for Kasich: Guy next to me on Columbus flight pays Ohio taxes and hates him. Good news: He mostly lives in FL and voted for Trump. 
SteveKornacki yeselson And there's a Bowling Green, Ohio! 
Making source calls during the Atlanta layover on Sunday morning and I need you to know about it. 
I'm telling you, Dems are being sincere when they say they fear Kasich or Rubio most. 
That's a six grade difference between "yuge" and "yuuuuge." 
Yeah, "Veep" accurately portrays DC as a derp asylum. And it's good! 
reedgalen RichardGrenell Cruz feels like a bet that anyone can beat Hillary, so why not shoot the moon. Evidence thin so far. 
Also Trump's the one with the Santorum-esq economic message, not Cruz. 
No, DC makes DC look bad. "House of Cards" makes viewers look enraptured by awful writing and plotting. 
Keithplunkett Hi, I'm a reporter from the Washington Post, writing about Tuesday primary. I'm at 302-507-6806, avid.weigelwashpost.com. 
Which leaves us with a debate between the most and least disciplined speakers in politics. 
British HOC gets ropey in S3 but American is like a tsunami of dumb cliches. 
Of all DC's sins, the worst is the presence of people who enjoy this garbage show. 
An ACTUALLY for all time. 
Auburnfan2155 SteveKornacki I actually reported from Bowling Green on Saturday. 
Kansas was a rarity last night: A state where Democratic turnout was up from 2008. From 36,634 votes to 39,043. 
Heading to Ohio today. Cue the music. 
This may be dystopia, but at least it has good bourbon. 
sunnyright jimantle He was referring just to tonight 
Those TV ads mostly quote Trump investigations by reporters. 
Cruz wins two states, cable plays a little of it in the side of the screen. Trump wins two states, it all goes live. Come on. 
He's said this for months! 
allahpundit McCormackJohn Why why why do they put on lame pundits instead of people who can explain the electorate 
That shot at Rand Paul is uncalled for, given that Paul has studiously avoided the  movement. 
The biggest counties in northern KY are in; Cruz wanted to win them, and did. It's all about JeffCo, STILL. 
The weird thing is that Cruz is hitting all the marks he wanted -- except in the South, where Trump absconded with his voters. 
Don't stop thinking about tomorrow 
After tonight, 19 states will have held GOP contests. The GOP's "establishment" candidates will have won one of them. Amazing. 
There was some late wishcasting that Trump would collapse in Louisiana, but he'll win it easy. 
And then SteveKornacki points to northern Kentucky and says "this is Bowling Green." No. No, it is not. 
Cruz wins Boone County, KY, but just 35-30 over Trump. We're still on track for a Trump win unless JeffCo surprises everybody. 
It shouldn't just be up to SteveKornacki to map where votes are coming from. Just pointing at raw totals is dumb TV. 
No, independents can register as Republicans on caucus day. But Ds can't become Rs. 
Closed primaries are suboptimal for Trump. But he is likely to go 2-1 (KY, LA v KS) in closed contests tonight. 
Cruz has won Kim Davis's Rowan County by a single vote -- 318 over Trump's 317. 
JayCostTWS allahpundit Cruz people in KY argue that Louisville will go Trump and Lexington is jump ball. Maybe it's spin! 
Cruz campaign in Kentucky tells me they expect JeffCo to go Trump, but they have always been low balling expectations here. 
We don't know much about  until JeffCo (Louisville) reports. Trump rallied there, but not the sort of place he typically does well. 
Who is saying that? It's just true that Cruz's Plan A was dominating the South on March 1 and he didn't. 
Alaska should have done that already. 
At the same time, Kasich has cracked 10 percent in Maine and Rubio has fallen below. 
Bob Dole also endorsed Rubio. 
Rubio running third in KS-3, the Kansas City suburbs. Ankeny strategy, we hardly knew ye. 
Who are these PredictIt people who bet money based on a bad understanding of polling, and where can I find a poker game with them? 
Everything is good news for Rubio. 
One story in  This is the first place where old Ron Paul voters have apparently broken for Cruz. Were lukewarm on him in NH. 
ARG poll sliding into yr narratives: Kasich up 33-31 over Trump in  
I am not diminishing Cruz landslide in KS, just shocked that people can cover politics and be surprised by it! 
Hello, pundits shocked by Cruz win in Kansas. My advice is that you  
I have deleted that tweet, which was based on a misreading of a map. Never tweet. 
The last poll I can find of  is from 2013. Christie was winning. 
Kentucky caucus voting has ended. Expect results at 7 pm ET -- KY GOP using these hours to count votes. 
How to follow any election. 1) Check DecisionDeskHQ 2) Uh, that's it. 
Greg Abbott for Cruz, but you gotta think Cruz was on track anyway in TX. 
Kentucky caucus also kept polls open for 6 hours; no one speaking for any candidate. Cruz state chairman told me it would be tight w Trump 
If I went to Kentucky and get this wrong, oy. But: KY caucuses very unlike IA/ME/KS. More like Nevada -- just show up and fill out ballot. 
SMDH Olivia you're supposed to tweet them, not say which area they're from, and add WHOA. 
My report from the Kentucky caucuses 
In counties that have reported so far he's running ahead 
If Cruz wins KS and ME, obviously he must drop out and endorse Rubio.  
Oh I fully expect that to be a story! Esp bc not many picked up on Trump's problem w closed caucuses 
If Cruz doesn't start saying he's won "from Alaska to Maine" I'd be very surprised. Good (yet not delegate-rich) bragging point! 
Would be the fifth state where Rubio got the GOP governor's endorsement then lost. 
It's from one caucus site that had voted Ron Paul in 2012. Still... 
Rand Paul didn't say who he voted for in today's Kentucky caucuses. Signs around caucus site reminded voters that he had dropped out. 
Wow RINO 
Yes 
Atrios klejdys Liberal conferences tend to be more interactive, less sit-around-and-listen-to-speeches. Harder to cover! 
If we must have caucuses, Kentucky's version is miles ahead of Iowa. Six hours to vote on a Saturday. Show up any time. 
Rand Paul visits his caucus site 
Have met a good number of Cruz voters, but also met voters who chose Trump over Cruz bc of the Carson/Iowa situation 
Caucusin' 
Big crowd in Bowling Green for caucus day 
Only campaigns with presence at Bowling Green site, which could get 3000 voters: Kasich, Rubio. 
Americans for Prosperity has a swanky snack booth at this caucus site 
Arrived at Rand Paul's caucus site in Kentucky. First two voters I met were for Trump. 
I might have to admit defeat in my Ban Millennials campaign. 
I've got a theory/it could be bunnies 
It's a tremendous soul, and I got a really good deal for it, let me tell you. 
charlescwcooke I'm in Kentucky now and everyone here expects Trump to win. 
swin24 did you really need to ask? 
A look at tomorrow's Kentucky caucuses; paid for by Rand Paul, expected to go for Trump 
jaketapper I mean, you should TBro_6and12 JimWebbUSA 
I'm in Kentucky for tomorrow's caucuses; Rand Paul tells reporters here he won't endorse, will back eventual nominee. 
Elizabeth_Calo dick_nixon Brownback would become the fifth governor to back Rubio and watch him lose the state. 
McCormackJohn seanmdav We'll know a lot in like 29 hours. If Cruz isn't making converts in LA, ME, KY... 
How do people still believe the "Iran released the hostages because they were scared of Reagan" canard? 
Cruz's rhetorical sleight of hand on Trump "funding the gang of eight" is interesting. He only donated to one member, Graham, since 2010. 
Obama's America. 
Honestly Trump can take a Kansas loss if he wins KY, ME, LA tomorrow. Gets ropey without them. 
I've met a bunch! They're just outnumbered. 
Congrats Mobute! 
Gentlemen: To evil. 
Trump does best w voters who lack college degrees; College Republicans mystified by his appeal 
IMHO "but he skipped CPAC!" is the negative storyline Trump would prefer today. Who cares outside DC and conservative Twitter? 
Skipping CPAC just clarifies the unofficial Trump message: I'm not locked in here with you, you're locked in here with me. 
Had Trump come to CPAC, he'd have met boos and empty seats. I'm surprised he didn't cut and run sooner 
Where is the national media attention on an NBC interview that led to a Washington Post story 
Trump averts, yet still courts disaster by skipping CPAC at the last minute. 
Also, remember, EWErickson disinvited Trump from RedState Gathering. Didn't stop Trump from winning Georgia. 
I met quite a few Trump fans at CPAC. But I think the image of him being booed in a half empty room would have been worse than this story. 
lyndseyfifield I still expect the room to be largely empty. 
Trump CPAC speech tomorrow will not go well. Secret service checkpoint = brutal lines; to get to Trump you may need to arrive before 7 am. 
More Jenny Beth: "When I hear a candidate say he wants to mess with our free speech, I fear for our country and our constitution." 
The first actual stemwinder against Trump at CPAC comes from Tea Party Patriots' Jenny Beth Martin (who has endorsed Cruz) 
DanFosterType douthatNYT Total loser, really nasty guy! 
But that "fake campaign" profile of him was one of the best political stories of the decade. 
As Trump wins Appalachia, Jim Webb says he could vote for him (but not Hillary) 
I mean I'd buy one for $10, but Apple has forced me in the past to buy a whole new device. 
It is 2016 and Mark Levin is winding up his (presumably pro-Cruz speech) by discussing the 1984 Reagan landslide. 
10 years after not actually winning a GOP primary to challenge Hillary Clinton, KT McFarland is still all over CPAC. 
Left the house for the day and realized that part of the charger was stuck in the wall. Do any stores sell the part? 
Trump/Webb 2016 
Looking back, the only favors Trump did himself were 1) quickly disavowing racist supporters and 2) being quite civil to Megyn Kelly. 
jonathanalter 
What is taking so long? Did you forget to preheat the take oven? 
Lol nothing matters 
There are no jokes. There's just a calming ocean sound in my head. And then, bells ringing. 
ANALYSIS: Trump was very bad. Cruz was very good. This has happened before and Trump has won anyway. All is madness. 
That debate really makes you realize how much Trump depended on dunking over Jeb Bush. 
Cruz trolling both Rubio and Trump by talking about his Texas margin -- tremendous, really huge. 
Something something regulators 
The media... hasn't told the story of Detroit's decline? 
ISIS sure, but with Flint he pivoted rather quickly to let's-not-politicize 
Hang on, what is the fifth time Cruz has beaten Trump? Is he counting this debate? 
That Megyn Kelly interrogation was like a karmic correction for the CNBC moment when the moderator could't back up her question. 
This is fascinating, using Trump's endless free media against him. 
I was there in 1968. I was there at the first Can show in Cologne. I was there. 
Rubio surrogate Rick Santorum takes stage at CPAC during debate break. "We're gonna win Kansas, we're gonna get things going again." 
That was the best version of the "but for chrissake you donated to Democrats" attack, by far. 
Be honest. Are you still thinking about the penis thing? 
I feel like people have tried to bait Trump on this exact "you donated to Democrats" thing 1000 times and he always pounds that answer. 
Is it me or are the moderators being incredibly kind to Trump? 
Literally this debate rn 
Wait there's going to be another 110 minutes of this 
A Surprised Nation Suddenly Asked to Imagine 69-Year Old Man's Penis 
Wow RINO 
More Hannity on Romney: "I wish he would have been as strong against Barack Hussein Obama as he was today." 
Hannity to CPAC crowd: "I am worried about what I heard from Mitt Romney today." 
Sean Hannity warming up the CPAC debate party by talking about Frank Marshall Davis and "Barack Hussein Obama." 
Very low energy crowd, I will tell you 
Oh god I'm the sort of person who has opinions about airports now 
Yeah, I'd put Minneapolis or Detroit up against any of those fancy foreign sky harbors. 
Phil Bump is a bad reporter -- big loser. Sad! 
Lulz 
You're.... you're talking about Donald Trump, right? 
Whoa samknight1 nailed it 
Do we have a call on whether this is a "begging" reference or a "blowjob" reference? 
swin24 and timkmak are there? 
Has anyone else noted the irony of George Romney's son beginning his cri de cur by invoking Reagan's pro-Goldwater speech 
(sees exodus of people from CPAC ballroom) "Who just finished?" "Wayne LaPierre." "What's happening now?" "Criminal justice reform panel." 
Wayne LaPierre tells CPAC that the lesson of 2016 so far is "telling it like it is brings success. Straight talk brings rewards. 
Glow, if true 
This CPAC is basically daring the media to ignore substance and write about Trump. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED. 
Trump's response to that Romney speech is pretty compelling 
Wow RINO 
kronayne Whoa this whole time you didn't exist? 
BrentScher Bro, do you even America? 
Now this is happening 
If life is a highway, rather than riding it all night long, I would prefer to visit some rest stops and take in scenery. 
I'd estimate that William Temple does 200 interviews at CPAC every year 
It is CPAC 2016 and Dennis Prager is still bemoaning the "life of Julia" Obama 2012 site. 
How long are we going to do this "oh man Christie's about to talk oh wait it's about New Jersey" thing 
CPAC so far: Many oblique mentions of Trump, no one attacking him by name. 
alexwunrow I had that in a draft, realized it was wrong, and punned instead of deleting! Deleted now. 
Sen. Ben Sasse, who has taken the fight to Trump harder than anyone, does not mention his name in CPAC speech. 
INTERNET: I demand a photoshop of Christie at the Trump presser, only wearing the Mad Max: Fury road hood ornament mask. 
That's the show that takes place in a boring alternate reality where Donald Trump isn't the GOP frontrunner 
REPORTING FACT: The goofier a voter's costume, the deeper his insights. 
Just hold your hands to your temple like Professor X and memorize everything. 
This CPAC is totally different. In the past, activists put up a resistance, in vain, to McCain and Romney. Now it's Trump. 
Starting to check off the CPAC bingo card, with the guy who loudly shushes then returns to writing literally nothing on his laptop. 
"The establishment is against me!" "Oh YEAH? Hey, buddy, we're the establishment and we're against you!" 
Proud of you, swin24 
TonyFabrizioGOP Yep. Just warning journalists who show up and say "wow these people don't like Trump, he's cooked." 
Unless this list is wrong, neither Trump nor Cruz has won a single newspaper endorsement. 
One caveat about using CPAC to see what GOP voters think of Trump: In 2015 straw poll, Trump got 3.5 support. Rand Paul won with 25.7. 
Anyway my current thinking is that Trump is still beatable -- never been a frontrunner like this -- but opponents have underperformed. 
This is a good point. OK and AK polls overestimated Trump vote. 
We get our first real test of how Cruz plays in the rust belt megastates next week, with Michigan. So far he is barely competing. 
By my math, Cruz has won 180 of the 662 delegates available in Southern states so far. Recall that his master plan was to dominate there. 
Businessweek cover game on  
DTW  DCA 
Trump's Louisville rally may have been it. 
Cruz just needs a few more Texases to vote and he's all set. 
Game respect game 
davidsirota jesseberney Dems did not frontload on purpose. Republican Secretaries of State moved up their primaries. 
Tremendous. 
The jokey tone is gone in Rubio's speech -- his anti-Trump section is now very serious. 
Rubio up now, crowd still pretty sparse 
Still some room at Rubio's Macomb County, MI rally, right before he takes the stage. 
No offense to BuzzFeedAndrew, but how much are GOP consultants being paid to be lazier than him? 
Awwwwww shucky ducky 
Talking to Chrysler workers at shift change. Struck by the number of Clinton blow job jokes. 
Look, boss, I NEED this assignment  its all gonna come down to crucial San Juan 
RNC rule 41B: A candidate must release his delegates if he has been EVISCERATED by John Oliver. 
Robert Morrow, well known to reporters whom he cold-calls with conspiracy theories, took over the Travis County GOP 
Favorite election night data point: Hillary winning Lowell, MA. You say white working class! I note that Lowell is only 53 white now. 
brithume Thank you. 
The primary has moved from Dunkin Donuts America to Tim Hortons America  at last. 
Every serious GOP candidate got some fresh reasons for pessimism from last night 
