text 
williams1977  
Early to bed I think. The delegate numbers will be clear in the morning. 
And, as expected, Trump has swept all five of tonight's primaries. So much for stopping Trump. 
Mark_Kawada WKYT LOL 
politicalmath The govt shouldn't be giving subsidies to any private business 
JazzShaw And probably all the Democratic races too 
Kentucky's GOP Governor gives Noah's Ark theme park $18 million tax subsidy 
If you look closely you can see a crowd beating up a guy in a Santa Claus suit. 
Data from early exit polls isn't always reliable, but what we're seeing suggests a very good night for Donald Trump. 
lifeofgrace224 Basically 
Polls close in all five states at 8pE. I expect early calls in all five for Trump amp; Clinton. The only question will be delegate allocation. 
Transgender Rights And The Sudden Conservative Obsession With Bathrooms 
 Months after his second Inaugural, President Trump has admitted to a long term affair with a younger, hotter country. 
Very cool GovChristie, but a tie at a Springsteen concert? Come on man! 
Patriots Sign Unknown QB Named Dom Trady To 4-Game Contract 
Voters Dont Seem To Care About The Political Fight Over Vacant Supreme Court Seat 
lizbuddie Like Clinton and Cruz would have been any smarter? 
Happy Birthday to VodkaPundit, who I assume has already begun the birthday-related imbibing of adult beverages! 
Since most Americans live in places where there is only one cable provider anyway, this hardly matters 
After a Legal Maneuver, Donald Trumps Jet Is Cleared to Fly 
Cruz-Kasich Alliance Already Falling Apart 
mchastain81 You have a problem :) 
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Likely To Do Very Well In Mid-Atlantic Primaries 
smittie61984 JazzShaw You have a point there. 
smittie61984 JazzShaw I hear she's a vegan 
JazzShaw .... 
I'm willing to throw in Justin Bieber, Congress, and the Boston Red Sox. :) 
georgialewis76 Such is Tuesday, which is really just Monday in different clothes 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
Initially thought this said "to be held at Hooters" 
Tired. Also chilly. Probably need to get to sleep early. 
Appeals Court Reinstates Tom Bradys Deflategate Suspension 
J_Mu_G Ah ok. Makes sense 
So when Trump finally starts dressing his supporters in uniforms, will the Brown Shirts be replaced by gold lame? 
TBCJay Based on one article? 
TBCJay Thanks Ted Cruz 
The crowd at this Trump rally sounds like a Bund meeting in Munich in 1936. 
She'll do for America what she did for Hewlett-Packard! 
Transgender Rights And The Sudden Conservative Obsession With Bathrooms 
TBCJay I believe we are in violent agreement regarding those particular facts ryepolisciguy 
TBCJay Based on the polls, I'd say from the POV of the public at large ryepolisciguy 
So apparently Donald Trump is obsessed with the way John Kasich eats. 
ryepolisciguy Cruz is no better than Trump TBCJay 
Trump Headed Towards Landslide In Rhode Island 
Trump Way Ahead In Connecticut 
Trump Holds Big Lead In Pennsylvania 
Cruz, Kasich Team Up In Latest Effort To Stop Donald Trump 
This isn't Lex Luthor and Batman. It's Aquaman and Zan from The Wonder Twins 
The week in which "student" athletes get a chance to become commodities traded by billionaires. 
OTB Caption Contest 
Awake. That is all. 
This should end well 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
lessdismalsci No, but then I don't consider libertarianism to be a creature of the right or the left 
mchastain81 LOL :D 
mchastain81 :D 
If the answer is yes, then the political right faces a useless, intellectually dead, future that I want no part of. 
Law Of Baseball No. 1: The  suck :D 
Clarendon Hetrick dies, 1 of last 7 USS Arizona survivors of attack on Pearl Harbor 
CBS News polls: Clinton holds single-digit leads in Pennsylvania, Indiana 
Trump Way Ahead In Pennsylvania 
Trump Ahead In Indiana 
Republican financier Koch says Clinton might make better president 
steven_metz Fair point but on the whole the macroeconomic case for free trade seems clear 
Ditto 
No 
Trumps System Is Rigged Argument Is Working 
Awake or something 
nmndad TammaraMaiden1 nypost Three won. Dog Day Afternoon and The Conversation were nominated but did not win 
DamonLinker I hadn't until several years ago. 
DamonLinker And The Conversation, another Coppola film that was released the same year as Godfather Part II 
Cazale only appeared in five motion pictures. All five were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture. Three won the award. 
The story of Meryl Streep and John Cazale, who played Fredo in The Godfather and died far too young in 1978..... 
William Shakespeare, Playwright and Poet, Is Dead at 52 
"Computer: End program and delete.", 
ArtrexisLives I thought he was a Democrat now 
NathanWurtzel Toxicology reports still take weeks, but yea 
This is awesome! 
lordsutch Exactly 
I tend to think  would be bad for the U.K., but Americans, especially American pols should stay out of this. 
Too bad he wasn't better in school, he could've amounted to something 
Virginia Governor Restores Voting Rights To 200,000 Ex-Felons 
 
JimB_85 Wikipedia says he was born 4/26/1564. Died 4/23/1616 
The Never Trump movement had the Worst Week in Washington 
Trump Leads In Indiana 
Trump Crushing Field In California 
Trump Ahead in Indiana 
Oops. I meant 400th anniversary of his death. I guess there really isn't a card for that. 
Stupid auto-correct 
U.S. Opens Another iPhone, This Time With the Keycode 
It's Shakespeare's 400th birthday and I forgot to buy a card. 
Awake for some reason. 
The easiest is to just smash it. 
Adam Silver Says NBA Will Move All-Star Game If North Carolina Doesn't Change Anti-LGBT Laws 
Sober is the new drunk: why millennials are ditching bar crawls for juice crawl 
The one between seanhannity and realDonaldTrump 
U.S. military doubles the number of civilians it admits killing in anti-ISIS fight 
He should not have said anything. Bad move by Cameron to use him in anti  campaign 
Hal_RTFLC God forbid he acting wins the General Election 
Looking a lot like the GOP is gonna be stuck with Trump after all. 
Fox News: Obama Rudely Disrupts Parenting Schedule 
I scored 565 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
Too soon? 
The Dodgers have invited the Reds to their Jake Arrieta No-Hitter Support Group 
madlaw1071 " who have completed all phases of their sentences and supervised release" 
madlaw1071 I can't see any rational argument against this. Only partisan ones. 
madlaw1071 Only to the paranoid 
madlaw1071 What's wrong with this? These are non violent ex felons who paid their debt to society 
Game Of Thrones Fan Rewatching Past Episodes To Remind Self Of What Characters Breasts Look Like 
Awake or something 
More tragic news for America's music industry. 
Tired. 
Trump and Cruz both losing in New Hampshire v. Clinton. Only Kasich leads in polls v. Clinton 
Hillary Clinton Enjoys Commanding Lead in Maryland, Poll Shows 
Poll: Trump winning big in California 
It's not a "major issue" to anyone I know except conservatives obsessed with bathrooms and genitals. 
JosephRemiB I saw part of that too 
WidowedOrphan Well, most people in my TL were unaware he wrote 'Manic Monday' at the very least 
Oops: Wolf Blitzer Recalls Princes Iconic Song Purple Haze 
Couldn't CNN get someone a little more hip than Wolf Blitzer to anchor their coverage of Prince? 
Prince Dead At 57 
Clinton Campaign Looking Beyond Sanders, Looking At Potential Running Mates 
Little known fact: Sinead O'Connor's "Nothing Compares 2 U" and The Bangles "Manic Monday" were both written by Prince. 
Time to shut down the country and hang a sign "Closed: Owner Gone Nuts" 
Raspberry Beret, Little Red Corvette, Purple Rain, When Doves Cry, Let's Go Crazy. Damn, I grew up with this music. This sucks. 
And there's the confirmation. 
Prince Found Dead at 57 (Report) 
Hugh G. Rection, I.P. Freely, and Heywood JaBlowme could not be reached for comment. 
smittie61984 Her mother made it to 101. Which doesn't bode well for Chuckie Boy becoming King any time soon 
Apparently some lady in London is turning 90 today. I'm supposed to be impressed by this for some reason.   
Awake for some stupid reason. 
Curt Schilling acts like jerk, pays the price 
JazzShaw Of course, I also pay my credit card in full every month. So I'm just not normal. 
JazzShaw I barely do at this point to be honest 
People will still be using cash in 2030? How quaint. 
Cruz loses to Ben Carson in New York district 
Connecticut: Trump leads, Kasich tops Cruz in Connecticut GOP race; women, blacks give Clinton lead among Democrats 
Poll: Clinton leads Sanders in Pennsylvania 
No, we won't. Stop making promises you know you can't keep. 
Harriet Tubman To Replace Andrew Jackson On $20 Bill 
The Dunkin' Donuts Primary? 
 
RT SethAMandel: Disproportionate force! Disproportionate 
Paradocent Yes 
You asked for it, North Carolina 
 
Ron Beasley, Long Time Blogger And OTB Commenter, Dies At 69 
Clinton Wins Big In New York As Sanders Campaign Becomes Even More Quixotic 
Donald Trump Scores Big Win In New York 
ChrisRBarron dminor85 This is why we drink 
ChrisRBarron And next week will reduce that number even further dminor85 
dminor85 essentially impossible to deny him the nomination. 
dminor85 Actually not true. Trump is now well positioned to end up north of 1237 by June 7th. Or at least close enough that it will be 
After New York, it now appears that Ted Cruz would not be able to win enough delegates to win on the first ballot 
Dear Ted Cruz: Guess what New York doesn't value? You. 
Dear BernieBots: It's over. Love, New York 
TotalNiners normative It has been my experience that it is the political left that clearly doesn't understand Citizens United 
The last time we had a race for POTUS where both major party nominees were from New York was 1944's FDR v. Dewey race. 
JDKolassa Yea, he also used to comment over on FB a lot. Sad news. 
 
America: Kissing The Ass Of The Corrupt Saud Family Since FDR Was President 
Ron Beasley, Veteran, Engineer, Photographer and Moderate Voice Assistant Editor, dies at 69 
Awake or something. 
kimpriestap Good night! 
gideonstrumpet The results tonight seem foreordained anyway 
kimpriestap That would be the plan 
gideonstrumpet Oh I'm not staying up for that 
Tired. 
Kind of surprised to see POTUS and RFK in an open car so soon after Dallas. 
Makes it easier for Trump to tell seanhannity what to say 
Rick Perry: We Are Not in a War With Muslims 
North Carolina's bathroom bill looks to be hurting Pat McCrory's political future 
FirstTeamTommy ISWYDT 
Donald Trumps Jet, a Regular on the Campaign Trail, Is Not Registered to Fly 
Trump, Clinton Look Well-Positioned For Big New York Wins 
Popehat Well, that too but he loves to point out that he has no paid speeches to reveal. That's because he can't accept $$ for speeches 
Bernie's paid speeches argument is a complete phony. As a sitting Senator he isn't allowed to give paid speeches at all. 
Remember how everyone was predicting the end of Trump after Wisconsin? 
1. First Amendment 2. This is none of the government's business. 
Awake. That is all. 
Ecuador quake death toll hits 413 
HollyASwanson Yes :( 
Doris Roberts, Marie Barone on 'Everybody Loves Raymond' Dead At 90 
GOP Consultant Files Lawsuit Against Trump, Lewandowski for Defamation 
Sharply Divided Supreme Court Hears Argument In Challenge To Obamas Deportation Relief Plan 
Hillary Clinton is totally beatable in a general election. Just not by Donald Trump or Ted Cruz. 
Appeals Court Affirms Landmark N.F.L. Concussion Settlement 
Brazils President Impeached 
The Steady Decline of News 
Neoavatara No 
BiasedGirl Genocidal racist slaveholders don't make good subjects for entertainment 
Treasury Department Likely To Spare Alexander Hamilton, Bad News For Andrew Jackson 
\_()_/ 
Awake, allegedly. 
OTB Caption Contest 
Whether it's Trump or Cruz, the GOP is going to find itself stuck with a candidate that guarantees that Hillary will be the 45th POTUS.B 
TaylorMVLR Of course, if North Carolina were actually going to enforce it's silly little law it would need something like your idea 
TaylorMVLR Certainly more government resources. Moreover, it's totally unnecessary. 
TaylorMVLR I get that, I just don't think the alternative is more government. 
TaylorMVLR And the state legislature moved far too quickly. Didn't even hold hearings. 
steven_metz Well look who they elected Attorney General 
TaylorMVLR In the end, laws like the North Carolina one are nothing but pandering to the paranoid 
TaylorMVLR Yes, the entire debate is stupid. The fact that it would take an idea like yours to (cont) 
Big Brother in the bathroom?,Are you sure about that TaylorMVLR ? 
So he's going to die halfway through this movie? 
peter5150 But never actually doing it. He's all talk, no action 
peter5150 Only if some idiot brings s meritless lawsuit in another state 
Popehat 
JazzShaw Well they're not perfect, but picking Kasich over Cruz for 2nd place is a hopeful sign 
New Yorkers have good taste 
Sarahgoat Yes but the State of New Jersey would not be the one making that appeal, and the outcome will not be any different 
College Student Is Removed From Flight After Speaking Arabic on Plane 
New Study Destroys the Conservative Argument Against Same-Sex Parenting 
Sarahgoat New Jersey was not a party to this lawsuit and therefore has no basis for appeal 
New Jersey Judge Rules Ted Cruz Is A Natural Born Citizen 
Mr. Pibb 
So if I understand John Kasich on CNNSotu, he is the RC Cola of the Republican race for President 
Neoavatara Yes instapundit 
The day after Clooney hosted a $365,000 per couple fundraiser for HRC and the DNC 
Neoavatara instapundit Yea, I find it hard to believe she'd actually beat Hollande (or whoever) in a second round 
instapundit The fact that she's an authoritarian, xenophobic fascist is a big minus, though 
Let's see him try to justify this nonsense law. 
Marianne Le Pen --- a/k/a "Donald Trump, But With Boobs" --- doing very well in pre-election French polling 
Awake for some reason. 
FirstTeamTommy cmdeb No 
There must not be any real problems in America if states like North Carolina can expend resources policing who's using which bathroom. 
djquiche Grant won the Civil War for the good guys 
Bhamalpha I speak the truth 
Andrew Jackson was a slave owner who, as POTUS, stole vast land holdings from the Cherokee and sent them on a genocidal march to Oklahoma. 
JazzShaw Nah, then I'd miss then whining from the remaining Jacksonians when he's finally removed from the $20 bill. 
Good. There is nothing about Andrew Jackson that deserves to be honored 
kevinboyd1984 is the Tea Party movement. That's where this all started. 
kevinboyd1984 Perhaps, but in that case we have to go back to the GOPs decision to ally itself with the populist nonsense that..... 
kevinboyd1984 The time for that was months ago, probably during the summer and early fall. 
kevinboyd1984 They have no legitimate basis for doing that, and even less of one the closer he gets to 1237 
A cause we can all support. 
JazzShaw if the birds are willing to pay rent, leave it. Otherwise, down it goes! mchastain81 
Connecticut Judge Allows Sandy Hook Gun Lawsuit To Proceed, For Now 
Awake, my first mistake of many today no doubt. 
GaltsGirl mchastain81 Since Lent is over, she can reserve the cursing for Twitter 
JDKolassa I'd just order delivery 
Drunk, Pantsless Boris Yeltsin Tried Hailing Cab From White House to Get Pizza 
What kind of wine goes with Neanderthal? 
alwaysonoffense My work here is done 
Breaking: Ted Cruz soft on dildos 
Yea, it was an ummmm accident 
Poll: Over 6 in 10 see Trump taking GOP nomination  TheHill 
I scored 540 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
Google's new Chrome extension lets you save web pages and images for later 
Trump; Here boy, have a treat! Lewandowki: Woof! 
Obviously not the D.C. Metro 
Poll: 67 would rather pay $50 for foreign goods than $85 for the same goods made in America 
ilovaussiesheps True, also it appears that the epicenter was not out at sea so that helps too 
T-Shirts that said "Chicago Cubs World Champions?" 
They just need someone to hug them and say "There, their, they're" 
ilovaussiesheps Hopefully this doesn't result in a tsunami like the quake that hit the northern part of the country CBSNews 
Clinton And Sanders Clash In Advance Of High Stakes New York Primary 
Awake or something 
TBCJay True 
TBCJay To be fair I can't imagine there is a large population of Talmudic scholars in Ohio. 
Bernie Sanders Suspends Jewish Outreach Coordinator After Reports of Her Criticisms of Israel 
dminor85 Get off my lawn! 
TBCJay Yea I don't get that at all 
Tired. 
TBCJay Kasich was raised Catholic so I get why he'd characterize things this way. Nonetheless, oy  
As goes Pataki, so goes?????? 
Man accidentally 'deletes his entire company' with one line of bad code 
Good 
Mysterious giant sphere unearthed in forest divides opinion 
Neal_Dewing TaylorMVLR Isn't CR Mark Levin's new thing? Or at least I know he's tied to it somehow 
Trump Way Up In Pennsylvania 
Donald Trump Holding a Strong Lead in Pennsylvania 
Bernie Sanders Itinerary in Rome Will Not Include Pope Francis Visit 
MrToaste Paterno didn't get screwed. He got off easy for a guy who covered up for a serial child molester 
Trumpwatcher In that case, he was defending a man who covered up for a serial child molester  benshapiro ForTheWin 
Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Both Viewed Very Badly Outside The GOP 
Gareth Thomas, Blake's 7 actor, dies aged 71 
Pennsylvania Poised to Become the 24th Medical Marijuana State 
Awake. This never ends well. 
Preach it, Bogie! 
I'd argue that Trump is actually James Taggart 
cynicusprime JazzShaw More likely a guilty conscience 
JazzShaw He died just a few weeks after the Sandusky story broke 
joeltropolis LOL! 
Donald Trump apparently forgets Joe Paterno died, asks Pittsburgh crowd how hes doing 
It's like Trump has no coherent ideas and just spouts populist nonsense to keep the crowds happy. 
"Corey has been neutered." 
No, just...... no 
Cruz v. Clinton, on the other hand, would merely be a Dukakis level bloodbath 
The Most Boring Band In The Land 
Solonthethinker Fair point 
Solonthethinker Then the GOP is screwed 
Radioactive wild boars overrun northern Japan 5 years after nuclear disaster 
NateRethorn ppppolls Anyone who eats pizza with a fork is an unsophisticated Philistine 
I don't want to live on this planet anymore. 
These men are fools  
Solonthethinker Since we don't directly vote for President that's not likely 
Solonthethinker It's basically too late for Trump to go third party and will most certainly be by the time if the convention 
Mark_Kawada The Kasich scenario is incredibly unlikely 
USC picks Lynn Swann as new athletic director 
50 State Snapshot: Trump, Cruz Lose to Clinton, While Kasich Wins - 
Cruz Likeliest Winner in Contested GOP Convention 
Trump Whines About A Rigged System, But The Blame Lies With Him 
Poll: Most want hearings for Supreme Court nominee 
Trump Way Ahead In Maryland 
Bloomberg Poll: A Whopping 70 Percent Of Married Women Dislike Trump 
Poll: Most Voters Thoroughly Unexcited About 2016 Presidential Field 
Nebraska Legislature Rejects Winner-Take-All Electoral Vote System 
Poll: Trump 35 Points Ahead Of Rivals In New York 
Octopus slips out of aquarium tank, crawls across floor, escapes down pipe to ocean 
Voice of Lucky Charms Cereals Leprechaun Dies 
Awake or something 
Yea I know it's early, but I'm tired. 
Paul Ryan Rules Out The Idea Of Being Drafted As GOP Nominee 
Nebraska To Abandon Congressional District Method For Electoral Votes? 
Poll: Trump up to 60 percent in New York 
JazzShaw How sure are we that this isn't Mirror Universe EdMorrissey GoingRedBook 
Up now on Morning_Joe it's EdMorrissey! 
Awake for some reason I am surely going to regret. 
I see the  are Metsing all over Citi Field tonight. 
williams1977 mattklewis Yes, yrs I sm 
Moreover, political parties are private organizations free to set their own rules. 
RalstonReports LOL! 
RalstonReports Careful. The tinfoil hat crowd will think you're being serious. 
For all the early headlines in politics and sport! 
Six years of nacho tweets 
Avenue? Dude deserves a whole freaking Interstate 
Not so secret now 
No matter how you measure it Bernie Sanders isnt winning the Democratic primary 
superbus No 
High School Soccer Fans Chant Trump, Build That Wall At Minority Opponents 
Over 80 Percent of Water Is Polluted in Tested China Wells 
Yes, We Would Benefit From A More Diverse Supreme Court 
Trump, Clinton Hold Solid Leads In New York 
netillaman Indeed 
Awake or something 
OTB Caption Contest 
Scalia said much the same thing, especially when it came to picking graduates of non Ivy League schools. 
Happy  ! 
Two of Donald Trump's kids can't vote for him in the NY primary because they aren't registered Republicans 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
Yes, The Delegate Allocation Process Is Undemocratic. So What? 
Money Never Sleeps? 
Partisanship and Race 
Trump leads, Kasich rises, Cruz sinks in New York and Pennsylvania 
That's what they want you to believe 
Awake or something 
TBCJay No, no he is not 
steven_metz USATODAY Yep 
steven_metz usatoday Autoplay videos are worse than Hitler 
I don't believe you for a second Ted 
Bartolo Colon batting is a perfect argument in favor of the Designated Hitter. 
JazzShaw Every state seems to do it differently 
JazzShaw Yes but most delegates are only bound fit the first ballot 
What a stupid, immature move by a politician. 
milojbloom they've been covering it rather extensively 
John Kasich: I Wouldn't Have Signed The Anti-LGBT Bill That Passed In N Carolina 
OH, FL, and VA yes, but CO is no necessary. Could also be Nevada, New Hampshire, or Iowa. 
Space X Successfully Launches Cargo To ISS, Returns First Stage To Drone Ship At Sea 
There will be so many knives in Cruz's back even Julius Caesar will feel sorry for him. 
Breaking: Senate candidate endorses abolition of slavery 151 years after end of Civil War 
US brings B-52 bombers back to the Mideast to target IS 
Republican Delegate Battles Could Make For A Contentious Convention 
Agreed. Cruz and Trump would both do worse than Romney 2012. 
JazzShaw They seem ambitious 
Thanks Obama 
Awake for some reason 
This is most illogical, Lt. Saavik 
A "Man of the people" who apparently can get tickets nobody else can 
JohnInFirestone SharknadoSyfy JazzShaw Sorry! 
mchastain81 GaltsGirl rachelveronica I'll alert the authorities 
allanbourdius Wisconsin law has no authority over Federal employees at all RealBenLund 
CoryStinebrink No to Opening Day as a holiday too 
JohnInFirestone No, it sucked, and the sequels sucked even more SharknadoSyfy JazzShaw 
allanbourdius RealBenLund state law are generally not even attempted for review 
allanbourdius RealBenLund Only when Federal Law or the Federal Constitution is implicated in the case. Matters based solely on..... 
allanbourdius If the ruling is based on state law there will be no basis for jurisdiction at SCOTUS RealBenLund 
JazzShaw That movie ruined America 
CitizenEgg Why can't people be responsible, get up on time and go to work 
cynicusprime It's absolutely the stupidest reason for a national holiday. Move the game to Saturday night instead. SNFonNBC JohnKasich 
No. 
debitking Because it makes it possible to launch from multiple locations when a landing spot on land isn't available 
Awesome! 
I scored 565 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
So what's this about watermelon? 
If the GOP is looking for a viable alternative to Trump, it's not Cruz. 
Trump supporters are basically horrible human beings 
Wouldn't it be easier, and cheaper, to just wear name tags? 
Less than 1/2 of what Clinton raised and 1/4 of what Sanders raised 
Bernie Sanders Is Even Less Competitive Than He Appears 
Everybody Hates Donald 
Shelly__Marie Indeed 
Shopaholic_918 Stupid Twitter 
Corey Lewandowski Called Coworker F**cking B**tch, Yelled at Subordinate for Visiting Dying Grandmother 
JazzShaw He's learning his lesson 
My election projection: 
JazzShaw At least he isn't eating pizza with a knife and fork. 
Bon Voyage!  
JazzShaw My goal for today is to get a haircut 
Awake or something. 
Tired. 
SC Gov. Haley: Transgender bathroom bill not needed 
BrianSchoeneman As lacking in self-awareness as the rest of the campaign 
Talking Heads, Troy University Style (Elections Edition) 
Trumps New Magic Number Is 40 Percent Of The Vote 
 
Growing Acrimony In The Race For The Democratic Nomination 
Ted Cruz: As Fun To Endorse As Lukewarm Cream Of Wheat 
Merle Haggard Dead at 79 
The first teaser trailer for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story! This is awesome!  
Poll: Hefty slice of Virginias GOP will bolt if Trump is nominee 
Poll: Majority Of Republicans Oppose The Idea Of A Contested Convention 
Poll: Clinton, Trump lead in Maryland 
Awake or something. 
PrimordialGoo I'd say they're both equally bad in that area 
(1) Those gentlemen are from New Jersey, you putz. (2) Are you really suggesting mob violence?  
Bernie Sanders is the developing worlds worst nightmare. 
JazzShaw They're claiming he used state government resources to cover it up. That would be the illegal act Holden114 allanbourdius 
Sanders is becoming some what of a nasty old man as it becomes more obvious that he cannot win 
Holden114 True but it's generally limited to "high crimes and misdemeanors" JazzShaw allanbourdius 
JazzShaw It's a civil action, not generally a crime allanbourdius 
ThusBloggedA Sanders is becoming some what of a nasty old man as it becomes more obvious that he cannot win 
allanbourdius Because they aren't. 
Yikes 
Poll: Donald Trump leads big in New York primary 
New England Patriots Fans File Frivolous Lawsuit Against N.F.L. Over Deflategate Sanctions 
Trump Over 50 In New York 
So long  
Merle Haggard Dies On 79th Birthday 
Video: Donald Trump on his 1-year-old daughter's breasts. 
Sanders Wins In Wisconsin, But Clinton Remains In Control In The Race For Delegates 
madlaw1071 PA and NY have far more delegates at stake than Delaware 
Ted Cruz Wins Big In Wisconsin 
Bernie Sanders Exposed? 
JazzShaw Up early to shovel more snow? 
Awake far too early. 
The Paul Ryan Scenario: Unlikely To Succeed, And A Sign Of Total Desperation 
At Least Some Republicans Are Still Fighting Against Marriage Equality 
scottienhughes realDonaldTrump If you support the idea of govt punishing businesses for moving overseas, you don't support freedom. 
Supreme Court Rejects Effort To Narrow Meaning Of One Person, One Vote 
steven_metz Indeed 
Confirmed: Trump and his supporters do not support individual liberty, small government, or the free market economy 
WhatsApp Just Made It Impossible To Hand Your Messages Over To Police 
debitking Indeed 
Panama Papers Claim Prime Minister Of Iceland As First Victim 
ryepolisciguy In any case, thank you for the earlier compliment. 
"5 Days In Flushing" sounds like a reality show about plumbers. 
Twitter To Live Stream All Ten Thursday Night N.F.L. Games 
ryepolisciguy A few weeks in a tropical paradise would be okay too, though. 
chrisgeidner Not for nothing, but I'd guess that Sessions is at the top of the list of potential Trump running mates.  
I'll be 48 and I still haven't done most of these things. Sad. :/ 
independentgrly steven_metz Copy/paste error on my part. Fixed. 
Trump Makes Up The Name Of A Federal Agency He Would Axe As Prez (VIDEO) 
Sarah Palins Latest Speech For Donald Trump Must Be Heard To Be Believed 
Hillary Clinton Raises $29. 5 Million In March 
Further proof that SeanHannity is an idiot 
Of Course the Libyan War Was a Failure 
The Paul Ryan Scenario: Unlikely To Succeed, And A Sign Of Total Desperation 
JazzShaw All the excitement of the NFL! In 140 character updates! 
Props to the first news organization to use Van Halen as the bumper music for a report on the "Panama Papers" 
This reads like a guy who didn't study faking his way through a High School History exam. 
Polls now open in Wisconsin and don't close until 9pm ET. Because Wisconsin voters can't vote between 6am and 7pm like real Americans. 
At Least Some Republicans Are Still Fighting Against Marriage Equality 
Frustrated UNC Student Too Busy Studying For Players Tests To Watch Title Game 
Sanders accepts April 14 debate with Clinton 
Awake for some reason. 
Two Republicans Backtrack On Support For Hearings For SCOTUS Nominee 
Keep your eye on the sparrow 
Erik Bauersfeld, voice of 'Star Wars' Admiral Ackbar, dies 
At Least Some Republicans Are Still Fighting Against Marriage Equality 
The game isn't until tonight, so it'll be a few hours before they're mathematically eliminated from the playoffs 
Don't forget, tomorrow we really will have to wait for results from crucial Waukesha County.  
Supreme Court Rejects Effort To Narrow Meaning Of One Person, One Vote 
Exclusive video of the airport singer EdMorrissey is currently being subjected to 
Idiots of a feather flock together? 
Leaked Documents Reveal International Web Of Hidden Assets, Secret Bank Accounts 
Clinton, Sanders Neck And Neck In Wisconsin 
Unfortunate 
This is the one-person, one-vote case. District lines to be drawn based on total population, not number of voters 
Trump, Cruz Battle Down To The Wire In Wisconsin 
Two Republicans Backtrack On Support For Hearings For SCOTUS Nominee 
Up now on Morning_Joe it's Dr. Ben Carso........zzzzzzzzz  
Good lord Palin is an idiot Morning_Joe 
OTB Caption Contest 
Awake. It's Monday. 
TBCJay Matthew 6:5 would seem to indicate this is not how Christians are supposed to act 
TBCJay If you want to deny the reality of people who feel it necessary to tell the rest of us how religious they are that's your choice 
TBCJay That certainly isn't my experience 
TBCJay Yea I get that. The need of some people to appear holier than thou is long standing though 
TBCJay Wrestlemania Twitter confuses me 
chrisberez yep 
anthonyLfisher Yes 
Tomorrow, Vin Scully begins his 67th and final season as the voice of the Dodgers. 
Happy Birthday to EdMorrissey! 
As a matter of law, this is completely uncontroversial and true. Don't get your panties in a wad, Internet 
Donald Trump Would Lead The GOP To Electoral College Disaster 
Anybody But Trump. Except Cruz. 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
Reince Priebus doing the Full Ginsburg this morning. 
Awake. What a wonderful December we're having this April morning. 
This is the potato chip flavor I've been waiting for! 
Delayed  OTB Caption Contest Winners 
To go out and grab dinner or stay home.  
There was another White House fence jumper last night 
Bored :/ 
FirstTeamTommy Life is full of risks 
FirstTeamTommy In the olive oil business with the Corleone Family? 
Bernie Sanders Raises $44 Million In March 
Awake for some reason I am sure to regret. 
LizMair Some people just don't care about it, to be honest. 
The story behind this sign has got to be pretty awesome (h/t DanielLarison) 
Good lord is she stupid. 
Mine already were  
And here's aAbortion Position  from Trump 
laurmkor clearly 
Nice! 
This is the third position on abortion rights that Trump has taken in the past 72 hours 
mchastain81 Yea that's true. Honestly I don't think that Virginia is in much doubt this year either 
No you won't. Also, you're not going to be President. 
mchastain81 People are crazy 
mchastain81 The entire campaign has been maddening 
mchastain81 Not even smod2016 ? 
Love this jimgeraghty eyeroll 
That seems like an insult. To Kim Kardashian. 
JazzShaw It helps if you take the quiz before the third martini Slate 
I scored 566 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
 
April Fool's Day: The only day it makes sense to post this. 
VernMcKinley Endorse him, vote for him. I assume. 
Rand Paul: I'll support Trump if he's the nominee 
Modestly Good News From The March Jobs Report 
The End Of Paul Ryans Honeymoon? 
March Jobs: 215,000 new jobs, Unemployment Rate 5.0 
TBCJay It probably should be 
Awake for some reason. 
Because everyone knows that rich Muslims would never become terrorist kingpins or anything like that 
madlaw1071 I knew one of them had endorsed Trump. 
Bullet lodges in Florida Mans testicle after wife shoots him for having an affair: deputies 
Apparently neither Governor Kasich nor Donald Trump are invited for dinner. 
Fox "News" hires one of the Duck Dynasty idiots as a contributor 
George Mason University to Rename Law School After Justice Antonin Scalia 
George Mason University to Rename Law School After Justice Antonin Scalia - 
 Dems: Sanders 49 Clinton 43 GOP: Cruz 38 Trump 37 Kasich 17 
Supreme Court Rules Against Seizure of Property Needed To Pay For Defense Counsel 
Signs That The Stop Trump Movement Is Working In Wisconsin? 
Tomorrow would be a great day for Donald Trump to admit that this has all been a massive prank. 
Awake, allegedly. 
Wompitup Not in such prominent lettering 
Basically this 
Semishark Incest is still a crime even if both parties are adults and the relationship is consensual 
MlicariEsq And he also says he favors making most abortions illegal. 
Mark_Kawada LOL :D 
Why did Wisconsin feel it was necessary to put the state's name on the state flag? Are they afraid of forgetting where they live? 
MlicariEsq Yes, it is. I've watched the relevant video clip 
MlicariEsq KatyTurNBC It is a fact that he said that women who have abortions should be punished. Its on tape. Now, he's walking it back 
Donald Trump: Women Who Get Abortions Should Be Punished 
 
Good lord, Trump makes Mike Huckabee sound like a moderate 
WaPo Corrects Report That Clinton Email Probe Involves Nearly 150 FBI Agents 
Come on smod2016! 
Supreme Court Looking For Way To Work Around 4-4 Tie In Obamacare Birth Control Cases 
35 years ago today. 
Republican Candidates No Longer Willing To Say Theyll Support GOP Nominee In The Fall 
JazzShaw debitking Two day old donuts. Story of my life. 
Awake for some reason. 
No, I'm not watching the GOP Town Hall. 
hfearny No 
If you have criminal charges pending against you, you should probably not be going on national television. 
Donald Trumps Campaign Manager Charged With Battery Against Reporter 
Public Employee Unions Dodge A Bullet Thanks To 4-4 Supreme Court Tie 
instapundit Trump is laughable, as are his pathetic supporters. And Timmy Boy needs a it more experience under his belt KarlBelanger 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! lt;breathesgt; HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! 
Mark_Kawada Yea I saw the Patty Duke news 
ren_lessard It still shows up in syndication from time to time. 
James Noble, Absent-Minded Governor on Benson, Dies at 94 // RIP, Governor Gatling :( 
Patty Duke, Child Star and Oscar Winner, Dies at 69 
Conservatives Keep Up Pressure On Senate GOP To Hold The Line On SCOTUS Nominee 
Conservatives Keep Up Pressure On Senate GOP To Hold The Line On SCOTUS Nominee 
steven_metz Not entirely surprising given Barleta's long standing positions on immigration 
Awake or something 
OTB Caption Contest 
CIA-Backed Syrian Rebels Fighting Pentagon-Backed Syrian Rebels 
JazzShaw Appears to be true 
Mark_Kawada In my 20s o could station until midnight easily :/ 
rpm002 MileHighBrendan But he can still win delegates by concentrating on specific Congressional districts 
Mark_Kawada Yea I did stay up later than usual this weekend so I'm sort of paying the price for that today. 
Shelly__Marie Get off my lawn! 
Kind of tired today. Getting older sucks. 
Oh this could be really bad news for  fans 
MileHighBrendan Actual news is that he is pulling them from certain Congressional Districts and buying ads in other districts 
Nothing. Absolutely nothing. 
seanhackbarth It's kind of an abusive relationship when you think of it. So much love from the fans for so much pain mchastain81 
Drudge Headline: Obama Exchanges Secret Handshake With Imperial Troops 
Yes, he did. 
Capitol on Lockdown. Congress is not in session. 
lordsutch Not when he says it was a buffer state created to contain post-war Germany 
steven_metz True. Also, apparently the terror attack in Brussels was due to left wing multiculturalism 
steven_metz He seems to believe it was created as a buffer state after WW1 or 2 to contain Germany 
Rush Limbaugh just said that Belgium, a nation that has existed since at least 1830,.has never been a "real country"  
The GOP Is Staring at Another Presidential Election Defeat 
Server issues at OTB. We'll hopefully be back to normal soon. 
The good news? It happens before the election! 
Awake. That is all. 
I'm just going to leave this here 
Mother Angelica, foundress of EWTN, dies on Easter 
Baseball is back in one week! 
lt;Raises handgt; 
Final Five presidential candidates actually Cylons 
ktheintz travton therightswrong Yes the Superdelegates could change their mind, but unless they do they count toward the total 
travton Not counting the Superdelegates is silly therightswrong 
Donald Trump likes his steak "Well Done." That alone should disqualify him from being President of the United States. 
Quit it with this "implying" bullshit. Come out and say it. Stand up for what's right and stand up against Trump. 
In other words, Pakistan is a real shit storm. 
The attack in Pakistan could be ISIS, it could be al Qaeda, it could be the Pakistani Taliban, or it could be related to Kashmir. 
Michigan fumbled the eggs and Ohio State took them into the end zone for another Touchdown 
Hoppy Easter! 
JazzShaw Early martini? 
Awake for some reason I am surely going to regret. 
Tired. 
JazzShaw He's aiming high 
JazzShaw And the rabbit looks like dinner 
Brewers pitcher suffers serious injury taking off his shoe 
Darth Vader Chocolate Bunnies Are Perfect for Imperial Easter 
MEEchelleO I'm not a liberal, you moron 
And the idiot reveals herself. 
What is Obama supposed to do go out and track them down personally? This isn't Harrison Ford in Air Force One 
Whose idea was it to hold caucuses on the Saturday before Easter? 
robprather Closer to Bush/Dukakis 
robprather Also, don't discount Clinton in Arkansas no matter who the GOP nominee is 
robprather Of the states Romney won in 2012, North Carolina, Georgia, Missouri, and Indiana would be in play. 
dwilli539 bpolitics I would not believe that poll. In the end, Utah would stay red 
Trump winning Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin in November seems highly implausible. 
FirstTeamTommy Or Virginia 
Awake for some inconceivable reason. 
cynicusprime The GOP has only itself to blame for this. Maybe if they suffer a bit they'll learn a lesson from all this. 
MileHighBrendan What if I told you there won't be a second ballot? brucemills911 justinbensmith 
MileHighBrendan Come on man, Ryan is not going to be the nominee. brucemills911 justinbensmith 
What kind of wine goes with Easter Bunny? Asking for a friend. 
lt;snide, sarcastic retortgt; RT JazzShaw: [clever, insulting quip] 
FALSE: Emory Students Traumatized over Trump Chalk 
Sad! 
mchastain81 You can start cursing online again! Just in time for baseball season. :) 
NYPD Spied on Muslim Communities for 11 Years, Never Found a Single Lead 
Good 
I scored 566 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
RGIII Tears ACL Walking Into Browns Facility For First Time 
The most unbelievable part of the  is the idea that Ted Cruz is some kind of Hugh Hefner of D.C. Ted Cruz, people.  
Isn't it glorious? 
And now there's this from Ted Cruz's campaign manager 
Earl Hamner Jr. Dies; Creator of The Waltons Was 92 
Comedian Garry Shandling Dead At 66 
madlaw1071 I've already made clear that I'm on  
KLNorvell I loved Bruno 
Adding fuel to the fire of the Great Easter Candy Debate....... 
KLNorvell In the car 
"I love it when the women get involved." --- Bruno Gianelli, The West Wing Season 4 Episode 1, "20 Hours In America Part 1" 
Shopaholic_918 In those cases they had photographs, and reporters from other news organizations. Here they just have "sources" 
Shopaholic_918 I'd wait for a more credible source than the Enquirer before jumping all over this story.  
Another Senator Defects On No Hearings, No Votes As Public Opposition Rises 
SandieBellz Actually, a live nationwide address from AF One is not as easy as you seem to think it is. NoahCRothman 
NoahCRothman POTUS is on AF One and won't land in D.C. until Noon, I believe. 
Awake for some reason. 
Atlanta Braves Stadium to Offer Burger With Pepperoni Pizzas as the Buns 
PNC Park unveils horrifying macaroni, caramel sauce and jalapeno hot dog 
KyleHuckins213 I do what I can 
Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs gt; All Other Easter Candy  
Joe Garagiola, Former Baseball Player And Broadcaster, Dead At 90 
Garry Shandling, RIP :( 
Justices Sharply Divided In Latest Obamacare Birth Control Mandate Case 
TaylorMVLR mkibbe People *say* they want smaller government. They seldom vote that way. 
TaylorMVLR mkibbe Successful political parties in the United States have always been about broad coalitions, not narrow ideologies. 
mchastain81 Ha! :) 
mchastain81 Roger who? :D 
RG3 to Cleveland? Isn't that where football careers go to die? 
Why Cruz Isnt Likely to Win 
Clinton would beat Trump, Cruz but would lose to Kasich 
John Kasich Resisting Calls To Drop Out of Republican Race For President 
I don't care whether it's from Trump, or from a SuperPAC. Bringing the wives into the election like this is out of bounds. Period. 
New Zealand votes to keep flag with Union Jack 
Awake, or some readable facsimile thereof. 
Goodnight 
Republican Delegate Math Continues To Heavily Favor Donald Trump 
Most Americans Oppose GOPs No Hearings, No Votes Position On Garland Nomination 
Joe Garagiola, Baseball Player Who Became a Broadcasting Star, Dies at 90 
Stupid state legislature is stupid. If localities want to pass a law, they should be allowed to. 
David Letterman now looks like the late Pernell Roberts 
Democratic Delegate Math Makes Clear Bernie Sanders Has No Realistic Chance Of Winning 
Republican Delegate Math Continues To Heavily Favor Donald Trump 
Trump, Clinton Win Arizona, While Sanders And Cruz Capture Caucus Wins 
Groveling at the feet of Ted Cruz. How pathetic.  Absolutely, but also  
Awake. 
Mark_Kawada This is probably true 
Most Americans Oppose GOPs No Hearings, No Votes Position On Garland Nomination 
Andrew Grove, Intel Chairman Who Helped Develop The Semiconductor Revolution, Dead At 79 
In other words, the War On Drugs has been a complete and utter failure 
Trump Still Leading The GOP Race After Rubio Withdrawal 
J_Mu_G JazzShaw $600 per bottle is a bit outside my budget 
dukiekb If you believe that then you don't deserve the liberty Americans have shed blood for for the past 200 years kevinboyd1984 
Happy 85th Birthday to Captain Kirk himself, WilliamShatner ! 
Terrorist Attacks Strike Brussels 
And I suppose we can expect Ted Cruz to talk about killing innocent people via carpet bombing again. 
I suppose we can expect Donald Trump to start talking about his bigoted and misguided idea to ban Muslims from America again. 
And yes this place actually exists! 
If you're looking for me, I'll be here 
lt;Checks news headlinesgt; Perhaps I should go back to sleep. 
Awake for some reason. 
The fat lady is warming up and  is still looking for a plan. 
Supreme Court Rejects Lawsuit Against Legal Pot In Colorado 
The amazing story of Donald Trumps old spokesman, John Barron  who was actually Donald Trump himself 
DraftKings, FanDuel agree to stop accepting bets in New York 
As Obama Arrives In Havana, Poll Finds Most Americans Support His Opening To Cuba 
Would Nominating Trump Put The House At Risk For Republicans? 
charlescwcooke Congratulations! 
Clinton raises $30 million in February 
Kasich raises $3.4 million in February 
Cruz raised $12 million in February 
Awake or something. 
OTB Caption Contest 
Yo_Squirrely I don't see the problem, really 
Yo_Squirrely opportunity for American business. The embargo and lack of diplomatic relations for 50 years were stupid policies. 
Yo_Squirrely It's an independent nation 90 miles off our shore with a long history of a relationship with the US and a great business 
dmataconis The fact that there was any legitimate basis for complaining that Obama wasn't at Nancy Reagan's funeral 
milojbloom MangyLover As a general rule sitting Presidents have not attended the funerals of former First Ladies. 
And the award for Ridiculously Stupid Tweet Of The Day goes to....... 
Republican Insiders Still Dont Know How To Stop Trump 
As always, Mary has a way with words that is unique. 
Ted Cruz supports fifty years of failed Cuba policy 
GOP Leaders Assure Sobbing Rubio It Not His Fault Party Splitting Up 
mchastain81 That must have been the wine typing :) 
mchastain81 Barely? :) 
The Iraq War began on this day thirteen years ago. We are still paying the price for this unwise, unjustified, unnecessary war. 
winstoncoolidge I apologize. You must have the mistaken impression that I care what you think. 
winstoncoolidge You have no idea what you're talking about. But if you want to continue to defend 50 years of a failed policy, so be it. 
winstoncoolidge We have diplomatic and trade relations with many repressive regimes. The embargo is a failed policy and Cold War relic. 
Twitter keeping 140-character limit on tweets after all 
BiasedGirl Time for American companies to make some money down there. Everyone else is. 
JazzShaw This is what happens when there is a realignment. People choose sides. And Trump is making people choose sides. 
Some team beat another team in some basketball tournament.  
JazzShaw I'm not going to bother debating this. It's pointless NathanWurtzel 
NathanWurtzel The embargo is a Cold War relic, it's time to try something new. Jeff Flake is one Republican who understands that. 
NathanWurtzel The only fapping I see are from people who think the only Cubans that matter are the ones in Miami. 
NathanWurtzel Or perhaps Nixon should not have gone to China? 
NathanWurtzel We have diplomatic relations with many nations that have political prisoners, as you well know 
More like SeanHannity on his knees genuflecting 
And with that, Barack Obama is the first U.S. President since Calvin Coolidge to visit Cuba. Long overdue. 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
The beginning of an alliance that poisoned the GOP 
Republican Insiders Still Dont Know How To Stop Trump 
kimpriestap I'm not at all sure I'd want Cruz on SCOTUS. In many respects held be to the right of Scalia cynicusprime JazzShaw 
cynicusprime We're getting too far into the weeds. The easiest thing to do is just hold a hearing and have a vote kimpriestap JazzShaw 
cynicusprime Senators will be back home running fur reelection JazzShaw kimpriestap 
cynicusprime Except the Senate won't be in session, or even in Washington, the morning after the election JazzShaw kimpriestap 
A U.S. hotel company has signed a historic deal with Cuba 
His AIPAC speech should be epic. "The Jews? They love me! In fact some of my best friends........" 
kimpriestap Not to mention the fact that its happened before. Abe Fortas, Douglas Ginsburg, Harriet Miers JazzShaw 
Holden114 JazzShaw All it would take is a letter from the President to the President Pro Temp of the Senate I believe 
JazzShaw there would be nothing for the Senate to act on. Holden114 
JazzShaw It's partly tradition and party, again, that by definition a withdrawn nomination is not a nomination. So.... Holden114 
kimpriestap There's nothing I'm aware of that would prevent POTUS from doing this JazzShaw 
JazzShaw It's inherent in the power to nominate.Until the Senate votes to confirm, POTUS controls whether there is a nomination Holden114 
Holden114 Once the nomination is withdrawn, there's nothing to confirm JazzShaw 
JazzShaw Yea, it does. Johnson withdrew Abe Fortas's name. Nixon withdrew at least one, Reagan withdrew Ginsburg. See also Miers, Harriet 
Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland has tutored these D.C. schoolkids for years 
I want to know who Chuck Cunningham endorses 
JazzShaw What if, on the day after Hillary wins the election, Obama withdraws the Garland nomination? 
Awake or something 
Trump Corey Lewandowski Grabbing Protester 
JazzShaw NoahCRothman But we're never returning to those days 
JazzShaw NoahCRothman One could argue that the days of the "smoke filled room" produced better candidates on average than primaries have 
mchastain81 Yea that's what I meant 
mchastain81 If you're Canadian...... 
Donald Trump 2016: Because thinking is hard, and demagoguery is easy 
Oh well, it was fun while it lasted. 
J_Mu_G JazzShaw Angle is unlikely to win the GOP primary in Nevada this time around 
Hamilton on SCOTUS Nominations 
Strategy and the Garland Nomination 
JazzShaw All we need now is the return of Christine O'Donnell 
Larry Drake, who played Benny on 'L.A. Law', dies at 66 
Sharron Angle Is Running For Senate Again 
Republican Senator Calls For Hearings And A Vote On Merrick Garland Nomination 
Awake or something. 
I leaked mine and they sent it back to me 
JazzShaw I leaked mine and they sent it back to me 
Now come the appeals 
Congrats to RobGeorge ! 
Mark Kirk is first Republican senator to call for vote on Garland 
So we can basically blame Ryan for all of this 
MileHighBrendan Calm down Brendan. 
GOP Lawmaker Tells Constituent He Could Care Less About Her Concerns 
I scored 574 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
LouiseMensch Shopaholic_918 That will not happen. 
Shopaholic_918 LouiseMensch Not really. The contested convention will most likely turn out to be a fantasy 
Lining up behind Ted Cruz to stop Donald Trump is like volunteering to be infected with the Bubonic Plague to stop an Ebola outbreak. 
Shopaholic_918 It would depend on the rules for the convention, which won't be finalized until about 2 weeks before the convention 
Alternate Headline: Self aggrandizing theocrat to appear on television show hosted by idiot. 
Zathras3 ISWYDT ThisWeekABC 
brando_minich Indeed 
Is it just me, or does Eric Trump look like Odo from Star Trek: Deep Space Nine? 
We Wont Have Marco Rubio To Kick Around Anymore 
D.C. police investigating report of rape at Sidwell Friends School 
JazzShaw Not if you blinked!  LisaMarieBoothe 
Hillary Clinton wins Missouri, securing a clean sweep of Tuesdays primaries 
Awake or something. 
steven_metz Good one 
That being said, you cannot claim to support individual liberty and limited government and support Donald Trump. 
The GOP had nine months to "Stop Trump," anything they do now will probably be too little, too late. 
Basketball is a bore. College Basketball doubly so.  
Obama To Democratic Donors: The Sanders Campaign Is Nearing Its End 
jpodhoretz BenjySarlin Taft lost in 1912. 
Lindsey Graham backing Ted Cruz now. 
Donald Trumps Favorite Foreign Policy Adviser Is.. Donald Trump 
Awake or something. 
allanbourdius We all have our fantasies, Allan :) usafsam 
Deputies find crack in suspect's buttocks 
hamilt0n It is 
Oh dear lord 
Holden114 It was a dumb line to draw, IMO 
Holden114 The odds of a Republican winning the White House are exceedingly low at this point 
Merrick Garland is the best GOPers could reasonably expect in a SCOTUS nominee from Obama. I see no reason why there shouldn't be hearings. 
Fox Legal Analyst Calls Himself Constitutional Geek, Proceeds to Misidentify Author of Constitution 
Defiant Mitch McConnell Holds Merrick Garlands Severed Head Aloft In Front Of Capitol Building 
Who Won the Missouri Primaries? We May Not Know for a While 
Pennsylvania turnpike's 65 mph speed limit bumped to 70 mph 
Nikki Haley Backs Ted Cruz After Collapse of Marco Rubios Campaign 
Final Scheduled Republican Debate Canceled 
President Obama Selects Judge Merrick Garland To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy 
dougdeal Fair point 
Tom1247 ChrisRBarron I hear what you're saying. I will say I'm not sure I'm comfortable with the powers that be getting decide who can run 
Tom1247 This would require changing state election law, though, not the actions of State GOP Committees ChrisRBarron 
Tom1247 But the party doesn't determine ballot access. For the most part, that's purely an issue of state election law. ChrisRBarron 
Tom1247 ChrisRBarron The problem with that is that the people who choose to run are the ones the public gets to choose from. 
The cancellation of Monday's debate likely means the end of debate season. This time, there were 12 GOP debates instead of 24. 
Bad: Blown tire thanks to hitting unknown road debris. Good: Happened within 1/2 mile of a Goodyear shop. Tire fixed and back on the road 
Kasich had announced that he wouldn't be there either so it would've been two hours of just Ted Cruz 
With Trump the likely GOP nominee, Republicans need to focus now on holding on to the Senate. 
Sounds like the kind of Justice we'd get from a Republican President, TBH 
Clinton Crushes Sanders Again, Continues Her March Toward Winning Democratic Nomination 
NBC reporting that Obama's SCOTUS pick will be Judge Merrick Garland of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. 
Rubio Quits, Kasich Stays Afloat, And Trump Moves Closer To Being The Inevitable GOP Nominee 
POTUS to announce his Supreme Court pick at 11am today. 
Clinton and Trump Move Closer to Nomination; Brokered Convention Last Hope 
Awake for some reason 
yidwithlid Trump still likely to get to the convention with the most delegates 
Kasich wins Ohio, but does it really matter if he can't win anywhere else? 
Rubio suspends his campaign. 
No, my point is that there are far more honorable, productive things to do in life than run for political office. 
Or maybe Marco will decide on a more productive career than being just another politician. 
CNN projects Trump and Clinton win Florida 
cynicusprime Well you asked a question. So..... 
Just remember, Florida isn't over until we've heard from Waukesha Springs 
cynicusprime So, nobody is going to call Florida until all the polls are closed 
Expect the networks to call the races in Florida soon after the top of the hour. 
Ouch that's gotta hurt, Marco 
cynicusprime Voting doesn't end in the panhandle until the top of the hour. Time zone difference. 
Just remember as results come in, this is what happens when you put the fate of the nation in the hands of Florida Man. 
It's too bad Trump supporters can't just all move to some deserted island, name Der Trumpenfuhrer their King and leave us all alone. 
 
An updated Service Map for D.C. Metro  
One hour until polls Starr closing. Should grab some food before the insanity starts. 
And Cruz and Rubio just barely make it to 50 
Don't forget the reason for the season! 
Why Trump could win Ohio, despite recent good polling news for Kasich 
JDKolassa But it's okay if the die on the way home tonight, apparently 
Frank Underwood would not let this happen  
This is why I tell people who don't live in D.C. or the D.C. area that Metro is a pathetic joke of a "transportation" system. 
Indiana Jones and the ALL CAPS EMAIL 
Assuming Washington D.C. still exists on Thursday.  
The annual football game between Trump University and the Electoral College is quite the event, though. 
Shopaholic_918 I think someone needs to get Ben Carson out of the media because I'm not sure he's making sense anymore 
Rigor in Professional Military Education 
owillis Nice knowing you, dude 
Sources: Metro Will Shut Down All Day Wednesday for Emergency Investigation of Equipment 
Apparently the entire D.C. Metro system will be shut down tomorrow. Why? Because  
Indiana Jones And The Raiders Of The Golden Corral Buffet 
Or, one of the Judges on Dancing With The Stars 
Indiana Jones And The Secrets Of Mayberry 
Indiana Jones And The Missing Matlock Episode 
Indiana Jones And The Early Bird Special 
Happy 83rd Birthday to Notorious RBG, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg! 
Indiana Jones And The Search For More Money 
Previewing The Biggest Night So Far In The 2016 Race For President 
Political War Over Supreme Court Getting Ready To Go Nuclear 
Illinois hasn't mattered this much in a race for the Presidential nomination since Josiah Bartlet defeated John Hoynes back in 1998. 
It's the Ides of March. Beware. 
HollyASwanson JazzShaw Insights? I thought they were just supposed to be drunken rambling :) 
HollyASwanson You can usually find JazzShaw and myself haunting Twitter by 5:30-600am 
Trump Maintains Wide Lead Nationally 
Trump Won't Face Charges Following Violent Rally, Sheriff Says 
Awake or something. 
And a pony, don't forget the pony Marco 
KilroyFSU If he can't win the nomination, and he can't, then hypothetical arguments about the General Election are silly 
KilroyFSU That is irrelevant. Rubio hasn't won anything of consequence and run a bad primary campaign. If he can't win FL, it's all over. 
Putin Announces Start Of Withdrawal Of Russian Forces From Syria 
If Rubio can't win his home state in a primary, the argument that he could have beat Hillary in a General Election is basically irrelevant. 
With numbers like this, one wonders if Rubio could have gotten re-elected to the Senate. 
AmateurPolSc Probably true JoeNBC 
AmateurPolSc in 2016. JoeNBC 
AmateurPolSc Well, in theory they could be. Could be hard to sell the idea of big $ media buys in the future given the results.... JoeNBC 
AmateurPolSc True, but most of it has been by candidates who went on to lose big (i.e. Jeb!) JoeNBC 
"Beware the Ides Of March." This year, it falls on an Election Day. 
Sarah Palin: My Husband is in ICU Right Now Which Made me Realize How Important Electing Trump Is (VIDEO) 
Hamilton finally made it to the White House after 216 years! 
Poor guy, I hope he's not suffering due to this pay cut 
Happy Pi Day! (or is it Pye Day?) 
milojbloom In the context of a GOP primary, the unions are kind of irrelevant 
milojbloom But his approval numbers among Ohio GOPers are quite high 
Hwoodpolitix That's my thought, and why I think it's still possible for Trump to narrowly win Ohio 
All things being equal, shouldn't he be leading by a wider margin? 
Mark_Kawada The math already is against him 
Clinton Likely To Solidify Delegate Lead In Super Tuesday Part Two Contests 
Clinton Likely To Solidify Delegate Lead On In Super Tuesday Part Two Contests 
Super Tuesday Part Two Looking Very Good For Donald Trump 
So does Marco Rubio drop out Tuesday night, or wait till later in the week? 
JohnSchneiderwi Far more credible organizations than TrumpBart 
Leaked Internal Messages Show Ashamed Writers At Breitbart Revolting Against Weak Leadership 
Michelle Fields, Ben Shapiro Resign From Breitbart 
Romney to campaign with Kasich 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
JazzShaw That picture is probably 40 years old at least 
I honestly have zero interest in NCAA brackets this year. 
This "Judge" apparently doesn't understand that the 1st Amendment only applies to the government. 
Primary Turnout does not Predict November Outcomes 
If we get President Trump you may have a lot of Americans coming for a "visit" Mr. Prime Minister 
Maybe the New Jersey Generals could sign him. Oh, that's right, you singlehandedly destroyed the USFL 
The Depressing Reading List 
Explaining the Trump Candidacy? 
Trumps Offensive Defense 
Case Closed. 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
MileHighBrendan Meh 
TheDocSportello Revised my tweet 
Looks like Marco is dead in Florida. The race to watch Tuesday night will be Ohio. Also don't forget Illinois, North Carolina, and Missouri. 
FirstTeamTommy Potentially, there could be a defamation case. 
I. Hate. Years. 
Shopaholic_918 Same here :) 
Thugs gotta thug 
Awake. This is not what I wanted. 
Da fuq? 
Donald Trump Can Never Be Taken Seriously Again: He Orders Steak Well Done 
JazzShaw That must be why bison tastes so good 
JazzShaw The majority of rage vote in Wyoming comes from the state's vast population of Bison 
"We want a nationalist" Weimar Germany circa 1935 
The look on David Gergen's face as he tries to figure out just what that lunatic Jeffrey Lord is saying on CNN was priceless. 
Trump Supporter Who Made Nazi Salute Explains Why She Made the Gesture 
smittie61984 JazzShaw But it apparently does have enough idiot rednecks for a Trump rally 
JazzShaw Possibly but passions are high on both sides now 
So I guess the question is whether Kansas City's Trump rally will see the same thing Chicago did last night 
NathanWurtzel Also not sure how likely it is Ryan would've won anyway. Certainly would've done better than Keyes, though 
Correct. Only the government can violate the 1st Amendment. 
NathanWurtzel Theoretically, although I don't think she was in favor of the L.A. Judge unsealing the damning child custody files. 
I doubt many of them look quite as good in a skin-tight body suit 
TrumpBart shows where its loyalty lies 
Is that Hillary or Dorothy Hamill? 
Ivanka: Dad? Donald: Yea? Ivanka: You can stop acting like a f**king moron now. 
And the Dodgers back in Brooklyn? 
Least Shocking News of the Day: Hispanics dont Like Trump 
With Defenses Like These, Who Needs Accusations? 
Where in Cleveland is this Trump rally? 
Excuse me, Dayton not Cincy 
Hard to tell if this thing in Cincinnati is an American political rally or a Bund meeting. 
Donald Trumps Chickens Come Home To Roost 
mchastain81 And the other cans gathered to mourn the fallen? 
It's increasingly clear that it is impossible to have a rational conversation with a Trump supporter. 
wai1twit But that's the point. Under the law, they *are* old enough to vote. 
wai1twit was whether this applied to Federal as well as state elections 
wai1twit Nope. Most states allow 17 year olds who will be 18 on General Election Day to vote in primaries, as does Ohio. The only question 
Ohio judge allows 17-year-olds to vote in primaries 
HoosierParlance I would argue that the nature of Trump's campaign is highly relevant mattklewis 
milojbloom It doesn't cross the line into the kind of incitement that would be against the law 
Or, he's a demagogue who openly calls on his own supporters to become violent. 
Oh that would end well 
All the times Trump has called for violence at his rallies 
They should have done a Happy Days reunion where the Cunninghams lose their house after Fonzie sells them on a reverse mortgage scam. 
JazzShaw Be advised that this cancellation of Saturday may not have been approved by EdMorrissey 
Apparently, America's most famous Canadian, WilliamShatner, wasn't on the guest list for the State Dinner for Justin Trudeau. Outrageous! 
JazzShaw Saturday has been cancelled. You may go back to sleep. 
hunteramor DouthatNYT I don't care if he wins the nomination, I will never vote for him. I'll vote third party in that case. 
Seems like the StormTrumpers were busy last night if my Mentions column is any indication. 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
jodark2 Trump supporters are the Brown Shirts. Fortunately their Fuhrer will lose his bid for the Presidency prosediva 
Donald Trump in his own words, encouraging violence 
Always good advice 
MScuffy JohnRiversToo Do you honestly think I give as shit what you think? 
marcuswildhorse Please feel free to take your opinion and your 127 followers and shove them both up your ass. 
JohnRiversToo I don't support violence at all. Which is why I don't support Der TrumpenFuhrer 
JohnRiversToo No libertarian worth his salt would support a fascist like Donald Trump 
Because it's easier to call into the Fox News host who will get down on his knees for The Donald. 
marcuswildhorse You, sir, are a moron instapundit mimibra4u 
This should be the campaign slogan for 2016 
Young padawan is saying dumb things 
milojbloom Clearly he doesn't 
RIgoneRogue I do think for myself. That's why I'm not a Trump supporter and would never vote for him under any circumstances 
RIgoneRogue I have watched Der Trumpenfuhrer. For many years. He's a fake, a phony, a fraud, and a fascist demagogue. 
djhoffmanlaw There is no evidence the government did any such thing DonaldJTrumpJr 
StormTrumpers don't want outsiders at their Bund rallies, apparently 
You do know that the First Amendment only applies to the government, right Der Trumpenfuhrer, Jr.? 
Donald Trump has a right to speak. So do the protesters who he tells his supporters to beat up. 
No, Trump is 
robprather Sigh, yes 
Your typical worshiper of DerTrumpenFuhrer 
instapundit Nah, they just beat people up. Like the guy arrested in North Carolina 
You're joking, right? 
And, no, I'm not condoning what's happening in Chicago but to pretend it's happening in a vacuum is naive and foolish. 
Donald Trump has spent nine months encouraging his supporters to beat up protesters and calling the press "scum." Words have consequences. 
bildanielson NathanWurtzel I'm not condoning it. I'm also not surprised by it. 
JazzShaw Trump spent nine months encouraging violence. This isn't happening in a vacuum 
KLNorvell realDonaldTrump What's the old saying? As ye reap, so shall ye sow 
Welcome to the the fruits of your demagogic fascism, realDonaldTrump 
Keith Emerson of Emerson, Lake amp; Palmer dies at 71 
Timinole She was a prominent conservative. Forty years ago. 
TaylorMVLR Dude Trump most likely agrees with her 
Rubio supporters have become the Baghdad Bob of American politics 
Does anyone still care what this hateful old woman thinks? 
It's more important for them to kiss Trump's ass than defend one of their own reporters. 
superbus ForecasterEnten Just to be fair, I didn't say it would be a bad thing 
Mark "Buttfumble" Sanchez acquired by Broncos in trade with Eagles 
williams1977 Indeed 
I scored 569 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
And if the GOP tries to deny Trump the nomination in such a scenario, it will tear itself apart. 
williams1977 I'll DVR. After this week, I need to go out for awhile 
JustEric bethanyshondark Well, obviously 
Oh this should be fun 
Ben Carson Endorses Donald Trump 
AmateurPolSc Interesting dichotomy 
AmateurPolSc And they both apparently care more about appeasing Trump than standing up for an employee. 
Trump Campaign Manager Charged With Assaulting Reporter 
HiHalsey GaltsGirl He also wouldn't steal property from elderly women for a limo parking lot 
HiHalsey GaltsGirl If that were true, he wouldn't bribe public officials with campaign $$ to get his projects approved. 
This is a different Ave Maria than I've heard before. 
No, Trump is James Taggart 
Oh this should be classic 
Only in America. 
Lots of old, familiar faces showing up for Nancy Reagan's funeral. 
Johnny Manziel just got dumped by the Cleveland Browns 
A Reminder about the US Muslim Population 
Placing Trump in Comparative Perspective 
A Photo for Friday 
The New GOP Shuffle? (or, Dancing around Trump and Islam) 
Clear implication --- there are three Donald Trumps 
" I'm smart! Not like everybody says... like dumb... I'm smart and I want respect!" 
Is Carson awake? 
Fewer Insults, At Least Some Substance, At Twelfth Republican Debate 
"I remember when Barack looked at me like that." 
Program for Nancy Reagan's Funeral in California 
JazzShaw I deserve that 
JazzShaw *potatoes 
Three New Polls Give Trump Lead In Florida 
Awake or something. 
Still tired from the other day. Hopefully another good night's sleep ahead. 
ABC News has the Corey Lewandowski story now....... 
Ben Carson was running a phony campaign from the start, so endorsing Trump is just the icing on the cake. 
Carson to endorse Trump 
SteveKornacki Just send them this link 
Donald Trumps campaign just outdid itself with its brazen disregard for the truth 
All of the women on this CNN panel are wearing red. 
williams1977 It's just all so stupid 
Pennsylvania rules Ted Cruz is a 'natural born citizen' 
Valvemonkey1 And the GOP may not control the Senate by then 
Valvemonkey1 So they'll just wait for President Clinton to appoint one. Got it. 
Fun Fact: Sitting Presidents historically have not attended the funerals of former First Ladies. The First Lady does 
Valvemonkey1 Yes? And? What's wrong with at least having hearings? 
Valvemonkey1 It's a dumb position in my opinion 
Senate GOP Remains United On Denying Consideration To Obama SCOTUS Nominee 
At the very least 
TrumpBart more concerned with not offending Trump than defending its own reporter 
Poll: Trump Leads Rubio By Nine Points In Florida 
Trump Maintains Lead in Florida 
Sources: Mike Lee To Endorse Ted Cruz 
Ohio State football coach Urban Meyer endorses John Kasich 
Florida GOP voters to Rubio: Drop out if you lose on Tuesday 
Good news, for once 
Eighth Democratic Debate Raises Question Of Whether We Need This Many Debates 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
So tired 
There's a debate tonight? And another one tomorrow?  
Mark_Kawada Ugh, Hope she's ok 
Tired. I should probably eat something since I didn't really do that yesterday. 
George Martin, the Fifth Beatle, Dead at 90 
GOP Senators Show No Signs Of Rallying Around Ted Cruz For 2016 
madlaw1071 ugh 
Trump Holds Solid Leads In Florida And Ohio Polling 
Clinton Crushes In Mississippi, Sanders In Michigan, Clinton Still Controls The Race 
Carly Fiorina endorsing Ted Cruz 
Donald Trump Wins Michigan, Mississippi, Adds To Delegate Lead 
Clinton Leads Sanders in Florida, Ohio: Quinnipiac Poll 
Awake or something 
Christie announced this trip last week. It's his wedding anniversary. 
Marco Rubio's new strategy of finishing in fourth place is succeeding brilliantly 
soderstrom Yes I am aware that many do not consider Texas part of the "South" GayPatriot 
With the exception of North Carolina and Florida, which vote next week, Donald Trump has won every southern state east of Texas 
ryepolisciguy Thanks, I should be fine 
williams1977 Stitches. I'll live, much to the chagrin of some. 
williams1977 Had a hand injury/laceration. Started out at Urgent Care. They made me go to the ER :/ 
So much for that Trump collapse. :/ 
madlaw1071 My stupid mistake, really. 
madlaw1071 Needed stiches, but such is life 
madlaw1071 Ended up in the ER thanks to a hand injury took forever 
madlaw1071 Long story 
Well I'm back, somewhat the worse for wear 
Out of pocket for most of today. Back later. 
Boris Johnson soars into double digit lead as favourite to be next Conservative leader 
Awake. A good night's sleep is always a good thing. 
AdamKronfeld Sadly yes 
Bernie Sanders Gets More Aggressive, But Its Likely Too Little, Too Late 
Tired. 
One thing less credible than that CNN report is the idea that a candidate can lose 18 of 20 primaries/caucuses amp; still be considered viable. 
Michael Bloomberg Came Really Close To Running For President, But Decided Not To 
Latinos Are Becoming Citizens For The Chance To Vote Against Donald Trump 
JDKolassa No more than 1-2 
And the black bunting is already up in the newsroom at the New York Times 
Tears flowing in the bar car on the Acela as we speak 
AaronHEllis No, he hasn't filed. 
Who the VP nominee is is irrelevant. Especially if Trump is at the top of the ticket. 
Donald Trump, John Kasich Face Big Tests In Michigan 
5.5 million watch CNN Democratic debate 
Naked woman dancing on top of truck halts traffic 
Cereal first. Who the hell pours the milk first? What are you, some kind of communist? 
Redskins release Robert Griffin III 
MrPLC Cows in space? I'm pretty sure StationCDRKelly would tell you it's already pretty crowded aboard Space_Station 
NathanWurtzel Well he did attend the Democratic convention once but as I recall at the tome he was kind of distracted by other matters 
One can only hope  
Bernie Sanders Gets More Aggressive, But Its Likely Too Little, Too Late 
Michigan Democrats: Clinton - 66 Sanders - 29 Detroit Fox 2/Mitchell 
Post-Debate poll of Michigan GOP: Trump - 42 Kasich - 20 Cruz - 19 Rubio - 9 Detroit Fox 2/Mitchell 
Bernie Sanders Wins Maine Caucuses 
OTB Caption Contest 
Awake. That is all. 
No, I am not wasting my time on this debate 
mchastain81 Time for the CDC to declare your house a Hot Zone again :) 
mchastain81 Too much :) 
 
Neoavatara No they don't 
Republicans and Democrats. Trump supporters and Sanders supporters. United against more open international trade. Idiots all of them. 
AmateurPolSc Now he needs to win somewhere where others have actually campaigned :) 
kevinboyd1984 That would require Rubio to win 
Creator of modern email, Ray Tomlinson, dies at 74 
Marco Rubio Wins Puerto Rico Primary 
Now I *really* don't want to live on this planet anymore 
DhirajBakaya Umm, no Cruz would lead before Rubio cachobweeney 
Gloria Vanderbilt a/k/a Anderson Cooper's Mom on CNN talking about Nancy Reagan. Incidentally, Gloria Vanderbilt is 92 years old 
cachobweeney I'm merely pointing out a fact. Rubio's campaign is in s very precarious position unless he starts winning 
janus303 I still believe it is possible that Trump will be able to get to 1,237 
Previous tweet was a quick back of the envelope calculation based on the delegate numbers  RealClearPolitics 
Percentage of outstanding delegates each candidate would need to win to get to 1,237: Trump --- 52.55 Cruz --- 57.60 Rubio --- 69.58 
MileHighBrendan For some reason I am amused by the fact that Ted Cruz was assigned pink as his color :D 
The race won't be the same after this 
So Rubio has won two of 19 contests, stands in third in the delegate count, and is losing in the polls in his home state.  
I think y'all need to chip in and send me there as Special Correspondent to cover the primary 
cachobweeney Trump would get a lot closer to 1,237 than Rubio ever will 
Remember, the results from Puerto Rico will be incomplete until we hear from crucial San Waukeshavillia 
Some Thoughts on Grades 
Despite Winning Two Caucuses, Super Saturday Was Mostly Bad News For Bernie Sanders 
Rubio's path to the nomination is difficult if not impossible, even if he wins Florida. If he doesn't win Florida then he should just quit. 
mchastain81 :( Get better soon, M! 
Larry King sounded like he was going to hack up a lung during his phone interview with Wolf Blitzer. 
Nancy Reagan Dead At 94 
Nancy dancing with Frank Sinatra at the White House while the President tries to cut in. 
Yet More Evidence of our Broken Immigration System 
TMZ reports that Nancy Reagan has died 
Trump And Cruz Split Super Saturday Wins While Rubio And Kasich Struggle To Stay Relevant 
New CBS/YouGov poll has Trump +15 in Michigan. Looks like that ARG poll was an outlier 
Ted Cruzs good night comes with an important asterisk 
Hwoodpolitix Not really. Just because someone releases a poll that doesn't make the poll credible. 
Of the two newest polls of Michigan, I'd argue that Marist is a far more reliable pollster than ARG as a general rule. 
cynicusprime ARG, the poll that had Kasich up, is historically very unreliable. Certainly less reliable than Marist. 
Trump +19 in Michigan per NBC/Marist 
HollyASwanson I'd say they need to look beyond the speeches and realize that the pie in the sky socialism of BernieSanders is nonsense :) 
HollyASwanson The numbers are right there. He cannot win a majority of delegates, Clinton will. BernieSanders 
Sanders is toast. 
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
The results will be there in the morning. I need some rest. Goodnight. 
If Only A Contested Convention Can Stop Trump, Its A Plan Thats Unlikely To Succeed 
JazzShaw And I didn't even fly. That I know of 
Tired 
Ted Cruz Wins Kansas Caucuses, CPAC Straw Poll 
peter5150 That's utter nonsense 
ICYMI: Majority Of Americans Want The Senate To Consider An Obama Nominee To SCOTUS 
independentgrly I'll decline the choice 
MattHeimiller I mean untrustworthy as a general rule. I wouldn't trust him on any matter. He's Nixonian 
 finally get a win against a Big Ten opponent. That makes them 1-17 in the conference. 
Donald Trump is authoritarian and crazy. Ted Cruz is sanctimonious and untrustworthy. Neither one is an acceptable choice. 
And we all know how much good winning the CPAC straw poll did for Ron and Rand Paul 
Delmer Berg, last surviving American volunteer of Spanish Civil War, dies at 100 
Is There Anything or Anyone for Libertarians at CPAC? (New at Reason) 
madlaw1071 And on any case, caucuses are generally not nearly as representative of the electorate as primaries are. 
madlaw1071 Went for Romney, just like every other state in New England went for the guy from New England 
Milo_Gibaldi Nope 
madlaw1071 And the last two Kansas caucuses went to Santorum and Huckabee respectively. 
Breaking:.All straw polls are meaningless, including the  straw poll. 
ChrisBowen25 It could be an interesting spectacle 
ICYMI: Email Issues Continue To Dog Clinton Even As She Sails Toward The Democratic Nomination 
ChrisBowen25 Not an unfair point. 
ChrisBowen25 A contested convention would be an utter disaster for the GOP 
In any case, Cruz is not the viable challenger to Trump. He won't play so well in delegate rich states like NY, IL, NJ, etc. 
FWIW, Rick Santorum won the Kansas Caucus in 2012 and Mike Huckabee won in 2008. 
zhanover Louisiana is the biggest prize of the night, and primaries are a far better measure of voter support than caucuses 
Not if he wins Louisiana 
The  Movement Is Propelling The Republican Party Toward Civil War 
If Only A Contested Convention Can Stop Trump, Its A Plan Thats Unlikely To Succeed 
Rank and File Republicans Tell Party Elites: Were Sticking With Donald Trump 
That's s problem with many conservatives 
 
This is realDonaldTrump's America 
Voters Head To Polls And Caucuses In Five States On Super Saturday 
Donald Trump Pulls Out Of CPAC 
Pat Conroy, Lords of Discipline Author, Dead at 70 
We Wont Have Ben Carson To Kick Around Anymore 
Perfect analogy. 
Latest Fox News GOP Debate Garners 16.8 Million Viewers 
Shopaholic_918 DaleMoss2 :/ 
cocokonskii Uh huh, suuuuuure 
Shopaholic_918 Red sky in the morning, sailors take warning 
Awake or something 
cynicusprime Mine is one that thinks the entire Bill of Rights is important. And that the 14th Amd actually means something 
cynicusprime Yea, that's the problem with the other three 
dmataconis cynicusprime Not that Rubio or Cruz are going to be President, of course 
cynicusprime Neither can Cruz, Rubio, or Hillary 
No, the clown show started in 2011, the first time Trump spoke at CPAC 
 
If Only A Contested Convention Can Stop Trump, Its A Plan Thats Unlikely To Succeed 
Kim Jong Un Orders North Korean Nukes Placed On Standby 
Solid Jobs Growth For February, But Shadows Remain Hovering Over The Economy 
How many Donald Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb? 
Will Americas Olympic Flag Bearer Be Wearing a Hijab? 
SpaceX is about to launch one of its hardest missions yet  here's how to watch live 
Nasa astronaut Scott Kelly on his year in space: 'Maybe you do go bananas' 
Trump, Cruz, and Rubio Continue to Exchange Attacks In Eleventh Republican Debate 
Get in the DeLorean, and be quick about it!! 
cynicusprime What does that have to do with  
Supreme Court Blocks Louisiana Abortion Law 
It was over a long time ago, Ben 
Mark_Kawada Yes 
Mark_Kawada Maybe, maybe not. This is unlikely to be an issue that causes many people to change who they'd vote for 
Majority Of Americans Want The Senate To Consider An Obama Nominee To SCOTUS 
I scored 548 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
ChadLivengood There are caucuses and s primary in Louisiana tomorrow 
Supreme Court puts off five cases until next term 
Tony Dyson, who created R2-D2 for Star Wars, dies at 68 
4th Circuit will reconsider en banc whether Md. ban on magazines and semiautomatics requires strict scrutiny 
If Only A Contested Convention Can Stop Trump, Its A Plan Thats Unlikely To Succeed 
JazzShaw Each state should have one. Then we can meet for summits and charge the bar bill to the Federal Government TheFix 
JazzShaw The question TheFix doesn't answer is how do I get elected Official State Drunkard 
RobGeorge Agreed 
Why is that a relevant question? 
Up until 1937, today was the day that new Presidents were inaugurated. 
Kim Jong Un Orders North Korean Nukes Placed On Standby 
Trump Leads In Kansas 
To be honest, that's really more of an 80s thing 
Trump Way Up In Louisiana 
Also, I'm not sure why finding this knife is news. We know who killed Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman and double jeopardy bars retrying him. 
Tom1247 Nonetheless, committing and then canceling at the last minute is amateur hour 
Tom1247 I hear ya, but I guess I'd say CPAC isn't really the important place to be at this point in the race for any of these candidates. 
A Clinton running for President. A knife found at O.J. Simpson's old house. Did I wake up in the 1990s???? 
Ben Carson Slowly Floats Away From Earth 
Tom1247 Doesn't it make more sense to campaign in a state where there's a caucus Sat rather than make a speech in suburban MD, though? 
To be fair, it was a two-way street. Trump used CPAC, CPAC used Trump. 
I remember when they cheered Romney at CPAC 
Solid Jobs Growth For February, But Shadows Remain Hovering Over The Economy 
Trump, Cruz, and Rubio Continue to Exchange Attacks In Eleventh Republican Debate 
Jobs Report: 242,000 Jobs Created. Unemployment Rate: 4.9 
CitizenEgg They will, in all likelihood, fail 
Semishark I think if you want your own you have to go top class, in which case you're looking at only $29,000 one way. 
Happy Birthday to TaylorMVLR! 
Rubio and Cruz spent the night last night attacking Trump. Then said they'd support him if he's the nominee. 
Mitt doesn't do baseball, that's for the little people. 
Fun fact: Those high-end seats that include showers and a bar on Emirates planes amp; Jennifer Aniston loves? $10,000 per seat and up. One way 
PaulHsieh This is true 
Awake or something. 
Majority Of Americans Want The Senate To Consider An Obama Nominee To SCOTUS 
Enjoy the debate, suckers 
mchastain81 ChrisRBarron Ha! 
He's right 
Email Issues Continue To Dog Clinton Even As She Sails Toward The Democratic Nomination 
Neoavatara exactly 
mipolitico yes 
mipolitico most likely vote Libertarian 
If you're pinning your hopes of stopping Trump on a contested convention then you may as well just give up now. 
The Latest Stop Trump Effort Is Probably Too Little, Too Late 
Hillary Clintons Campaign: Myth Vs. Fact 
No, I won't be watching the debate tonight. 
The End of the Republican Party As We Know It? 
BlixKrogg There is nothing attractive to me about Ann CathyYoung63 AnnCoulter 
So basically they are admitting they cannot stop Trump and they're going for the Hail Mary pass. 
Kids react to Donald Trump: "He speaks his mind, but his mind isn't right" 
Flint Is in the News, but Lead Poisoning Is Even Worse in Cleveland 
If JFK had lost... 
Florida Gov. Rick Scott rules out endorsement before March 15 
Mexico makes first direct response to Trump: We're not paying for border wall 
alwaysonoffense I solved this problem by just staying in one place as much as possible 
alwaysonoffense I don't know how I made it to my age. 
alwaysonoffense  
madlaw1071 On this we agree MittRomney 
Four years ago, he was saying the President was born in Kenya. You accepted his endorsement anyway. 
The crazy is strong in this one 
RT DanielLarison: Sort of funny that Trump is relying on the pro-Romney delusion that he was supposed to win to criticize Romney for losing 
Crude, rude, and his supporters will love it. 
XopherFL seanhackbarth What was disturbing were the number of busybodies who concerned themselves with what others were wearing 
Majority Of Americans Want The Senate To Consider An Obama Nominee To SCOTUS 
This assumes Romney has any real influence in the modern GOP. 
This speech four or six months ago might have accomplished something. Today, it's just milquetoast Mitt. 
4) Trump will take this and run with it, thus grabbing the news cycle back 
So, that's it? 
NoahCRothman If you think a milquetoast speech from a milquetoast ex-candidate is going to bring Trump down, you're hopelessly naive 
Yes, yes it is. 
No, this is as pointless as someone ranting on Twitter about Trump. 
Then this speech is pointless 
Here's Mitt 
Donald Trump dominates in Michigan poll, John Kasich lags 
Email Issues Continue To Dog Clinton Even As She Sails Toward The Democratic Nomination 
Louisiana votes on Saturday 
alwaysonoffense It has nothing to do with the Trump invite 
Remind them to remember to vote for their candidate on Election Day, November 9th! 
alwaysonoffense LaSalvia ties that into his decision to leave the GOP. You should read his book. 
Youve Thanked Us Plenty for Our Service 
Alternate Title: "It's All ChrisRBarron's Fault" (j/k) 
Well, who else are they going to send at this point? Bob Dole? 
Shopaholic_918 Bill's responsible for Sarah Palin. A greater sin in American politics than almost anything short of Watergate 
Shopaholic_918 Bill Kristol's an idiot. But Ed's a nice guy. 
daveweigel To be fair, Alaska is almost impossible to poll. As for OK, for some reason few pollsters bothered to poll there. 
And so the push back begins. Trump is going to eat Mitt Romney for lunch. 
"I love it when a plan comes togethe........Oh, shit" --- Ted Cruz 
"And so I begged for his endorsement and stood obediently by his side in a hotel in Las Vegas as he gave it to me." 
dtipson LOL! 
Mitt Romney is the latest hope to save the GOP from Trump? This is a joke, right,? 
Ben Carson to end presidential campaign 
To be fair, Carson was never "there" to begin with. 
Awake, or some unreasonable facsimile thereof. 
Did we ever decide if that's a good idea? 
JazzShaw You're still using paper coupons? It's 2016 dude, everything is digital now 
moderright NumbersMuncher There will be no independent run 
AmateurPolSc 2032: Donald Trump Jr v Chelsea Clinton 
KLNorvell I'm not necessarily inclined to help the Republican Party 
An attack from Romney only helps Trump 
Wealthy people know you don't get rich and stay rich by wasting your money 
mchastain81 Me neither 
NumbersMuncher Why waste money on a doomed campaign? 
Fox News superboss Rupert Murdoch preaches GOP unity behind Trump 
KyleHuckins213 Given Ted's Canadian roots I assumed it would be a hockey stick 
The Latest Stop Trump Effort Is Probably Too Little, Too Late 
He doesn't 
CorieWStephens He has none. Neither does Cruz, really. 
alexkauff Ummm, no 
Surely this latest Stop Trump effort will succeed where all the others have failed. Also, the unicorn parade starts at Noon tomorrow. 
Hillary Clinton Scores Decisive Super Tuesday Wins, Moves One Step Closer To Nomination 
smittie61984 Heh pretty much 
JmeMiller1974 Meh. I'm just sitting here laughing at the effort to save the GOP from a fate it csn only blame itself for. 
If John Kasich wanted your advice, he'd pay you for it. Obviously, he doesn't want it. 
Gotta love these people telling candidates to get out of the race for President. Presumptuous and arrogant if you ask me. 
The End of the Republican Party As We Know It? 
Donald Trump Dominates Super Tuesday, Cruz And Rubio Say Theyll Continue To Fight On 
Astronaut Scott Kelly Returns To Earth After A Year In Space 
Divided Supreme Court Hears Argument In Texas Abortion Case 
williams1977 One can only hope KeithOlbermann 
J_Mu_G This was back when Olbermann was on MSNBC doing that silly political show of his KeithOlbermann 
I was also blocked by KeithOlbermann early in my Twitter career. So, I guess I'm a bipartisan offender :D 
Apparently Sean Hannity is going on a Twitter rant/blocking spree. I'm proud to say I was blocked by seanhannity before it was cool. 
Plane debris washes ashore in Mozambique! Time for CNN to revive the  coverage! 
Ben Carson Wont Attend Next GOP Debate, Admits He Has No Viable Path Forward 
So he's not going to endorse anyone and will let the chaos continue 
The guy Lizmair is debating is sounding like Darth Vader trying to take from the bottom of a lake 
Hey it's LizMair on CNN!  
Well that's not suspicious at all......... 
On learning that Donald Trump was the frontrunner for the GOP nomination Scott Kelly asked "Can I go back up there?" 
nw1inverness Well, at least its something treatable 
So is he dropping out or just not attending the debate? As always, Ben Carson leaves me  
He's tan. He's rested. He's ready. 
South Dakota's GOP governor makes a compelling conservative case against 'bathroom bills' 
The Latest Stop Trump Effort Is Probably Too Little, Too Late 
Hillary Clinton Scores Decisive Super Tuesday Wins, Moves One Step Closer To Nomination 
The End of the Republican Party As We Know It? 
Donald Trump Dominates Super Tuesday, Cruz And Rubio Say Theyll Continue To Fight On 
Correction: Cruz won Alaska. 
Trump won Alaska, by the way 
Supreme Court to Hear Major Abortion Case Over Texas Law 
Awake or something 
alexkauff viable path for him at this point 
alexkauff Rubio has won exactly one state, is third in the delegate, count, and trailing in polls in his home state. Not seeing a ... 
"Is he done yet? I could really use a drink right now." 
"I swear that thing on his head is alive." 
MaryJette1 I can't support either one of them. Trump is a demagoge and Cruz is just an untrustworthy theocrat JazzShaw tedcruz 
Chris Christie in Florida introducing Trump. 
There you go....... 
JazzShaw peace with Trump 
JazzShaw There's also not a lot of love for Cruz among the establishment. No reason to believe they'd rally to him rather than making 
JazzShaw I saw an earlier tweet that it was delayed. No reason given. 
Meanwhile, Kasich is keeping so close to Trump in Vermont that there's no way he drops out before Ohio 
Kind of tired. Probably go to bed after waiting to see what this Trump Presser is all about. MN and Alaska can take care of themselves 
Just a reminder about how much you should rely on this dude's prognostications. 
Of the top three GOP candidates, Rubio probably has the best chance of winning the General. But he can't win a primary. 
CNN projects Bernie Sanders wins Oklahoma 
Looks like Trump will end up pulling off the win in Vermont. 
"Can't anybody here play this game?" --- Casey Stengel on the 1962 Mets 
Oklahoma was not polled very much so it was unclear where the race stood there. Cruz winning not surprising. 
How does Rubio still maintain the argument that he has a viable campaign? Without a win somewhere tonight (MN?) it's hard to see. 
CNN projects Cruz and Hillary win Texas, both not surprising. 
"My strategy of not winning a single state to lull my opponents into a false sense of security is working perfectly" 
She must've had the emotion chip installed 
JazzShaw Turnout was down in 2012 because the only people who qualified for the ballot in VA that year were Romney and Ron Paul 
CNN calls Virginia for Trump. That's Trump's 5th win tonight. 
AmericanSurreal Yes 
chrisamccoy Unlikely 
AmericanSurreal It's entirely conceivable that Clinton could win Arkansas in November 
Looks like Rubio will come close in Virginia but the win will go to Trump 
CNN projects Clinton wins Arkansas 
Safe travels home to StationCDRKelly ! 
Trump has won six primaries over the past four weeks. And the night isn't over yet. 
RadioAnarchyVLR I've got to be up early tomorrow 
RadioAnarchyVLR Because I'm not drinking tonight 
CNN - Trump wins Alabama, Massachusetts, Tennessee. Clinton wins Alabama, Tennessee 
Another round of poll closings about to hit at the top of the hour -- Alabama, Massachusetts, Oklahoma, Tennessee 
JazzShaw Well I don't know about same city, but same state at least 
JazzShaw Well since Trump is in Florida, he wouldn't need a plane 
JazzShaw My bet is on announcing an endorsement(s) 
Bernie is so goddamn tiresome 
FirstTeamTommy Yes yes we did 
JazzShaw NBC has called GA for Trump not sure about others 
MileHighBrendan Still thinking Trump pulls off the Virginia win, albeit closer than polls had it 
CNN projects Hillary Georgia and Virginia, Bernie Sanders wins Vermont 
Polls closing at the top of the hour in Virginia, Georgia, and Vermont 
Rand Paul wont attend CPAC 
GOPs Delegate Allocation Rules Are Helping Trump 
Super Tuesday Poll Closing Times 
madlaw1071 I doubt Trump is going to commit charitable donation fraud over six million dollars 
Whatever Happened To That $6,000,000 Donald Trump Raised For The Troops? 
It's Hammer Time. mkhammer on TheLeadCNN 
True statement is true 
The entire human race is embarrassed by Donald Trump. 
BrainLemon Wait till you get to the 40s. 
Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos. 
Safe journey home, Commander! 
RadioFreeTom Tattaglia's a punk. It's been Barzini all along. 
nw1inverness Ok. Hope its something simple then. 
"Today, we settle all family business." 
nw1inverness Yikes. Be careful about that and consider medical attention. Better safe than sorry with that sort of thing. 
nw1inverness I actually find CNN's election day/night coverage to be the best of the three cable news networks 
Former Meet The Press host David Gregory now doing commentary duty on CNN. 
Federal Judge Denies Request To Force Apple To Extract Data From iPhones In Drug Case 
5 Reasons Every American Should Oppose Donald Trump 
dougdeal After today, I suspect you'll see a lot of people getting in line with Trump ellencarmichael 
Why? Limbaugh has always been a fake, phony showman with no substance. Trump is the perfect candidate for him. 
People who ride Acela hardest hit 
Ted Cruz Skyrockets In Polls After Head Permanently Sealed Within Iron Mask 
peter5150 The courts would not get involved in a party dispute over convention delegates 
George Kennedy, Versatile Character Actor, Dead At 91 
JazzShaw mkhammer As long as someone doesn't say that it's Hammer Time and make jaketapper wear those ridiculous M.C. Hammer pants 
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Poised To Leave Opponents In The Dust On Super Tuesday 
Hal_RTFLC Unlikely 
Kasich It Is 
debitking Ah yes, in the text it says the number in parentheses is the change from January NumbersMuncher marcorubio 
debitking No the +11 is the change from the last poll this pollster took. Which could have been months ago NumbersMuncher marcorubio 
So? 
Reagan's GOP died the minute they let Pat Buchanan speak at the 1992 Convention. 
Lesson: Never leave Biden alone in the White House again 
Australia has expanded it's territory very far north to somewhere in the Balkans, apparently. 
I'm confused about what Ben Sasse is actually proposing? A third party/independent candidate who can't possibly get 270 EVs? 
Welcome to Trump's America 
JazzShaw Also, Superman is a DC character, not Marvel  
JazzShaw Better than Mediocre Monday 
Look! Up In the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's Super Tuesday! 
Former RNC chairman says he won't vote for Trump, wishes Joe Biden had run 
Awake for some reason 
Republican Race Descends Into Childish Taunts, Name Calling 
Desperate fundraising appeals from feckless politicians. It must be the end of the month. 
CalebHowe until after an election as some have contended. 
CalebHowe for the sake of historical accuracy I think it's important to note that there is no tradition of deferring confirmations.... 
CalebHowe I have no opinion on the Senate GOP's strategy. The voters will ultimately decide if it's correct. However..... 
CalebHowe I tweeted a link to an article. Do you contend it is factually incorrect? 
CalebHowe I'm trying to figure out what you're talking about 
SumErgoMonstro Both. The point is that there is no tradition of deterring filling a vacancy until after an election, as some have claimed 
CalebHowe Excuse me? 
One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year 
Jeff Sessions Endorses Donald Trump, While Other Republicans Begin To Panic 
Peyton Manning To Announce Retirement, Reports Say 
Christie: Supreme Court nominee should get hearing 
George Kennedy Dead: Airport, Cool Hand Luke Star Was 91 
Massachusetts poll: Clinton leads Sanders by 8 
Irony is dead 
Donald Trump Carries Big Leads in Alabama and Oklahoma, Polls Show 
New National Poll Finds No Evidence That Attacks From Rubio amp; Cruz Have Hurt Trump 
Zika is expected to infect 1 in 5 Puerto Ricans, raising threat to rest of U.S. 
Kiser Fair point. Honestly, at this point Kasich seems like the only adult in the room. And he gets no credit for it. 
Republican Race Descends Into Childish Taunts, Name Calling 
I saw Hounds Of Hell open for Judas Priest in 1984 
atownbrown08 Exactly. But it's not just a race thing. I got sick of Sam Kinison after awhile too. 
Chris Rock is funny, I guess, but I've never been a fan of his delivery. It seems like he's shouting every joke. 
Jeff Sessions Endorses Donald Trump, While Other Republicans Begin To Panic 
JazzShaw When it comes to magnets...... 
JazzShaw But since it's Leap Day you can drink all you want 
JazzShaw Looks like it'll just be rain in the D.C. area 
They're probably not going to need all those chairs 
Shopaholic_918 Hey now, JazzShaw is surly. I'm the obstinate one. 
Shopaholic_918 No, if America was drunk it would be more like JazzShaw and myself 
travton daveweigel Yep, it sure slowed down Senator Sessions. 
In the end, this David Duke story will have essentially zero impact on the race for the nomination. 
NYmoderate NorahODonnell We can only hope 
It's almost over, folks 
OTB Caption Contest 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
Do you know who I am? I'm Moe Greene! I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders! 
The best Ocean's 11 will always be the original Ocean's 11.  
mchastain81 We were gonna say something :D 
Trump, Cruz Well Positioned Heading Into Super Tuesday, Rubio Not So Much 
jon92027 indeed 
Freedom of speech means the govt can't censor what you say or punish you for it. It doesn't mean that you're immune from criticism. 
Especially since Titanic sucked. The iceberg was the only redeemable character in that movie 
JohnWilson The Departed is a perfect example of how he only seems decent when on screen with actors much better than he is 
JohnWilson I've seen many of them. Meh. He never comes across as believable to me. 
DiCaprio is like Tom Cruise. He only seems like a good actor when he's on screen with someone much better than he is. 
Still haven't figured out why anyone considers Leonardo DiCaprio a good actor. 
United States Putting Advisers On The Front Lines In Nigerias War Against Boko Haram 
If there's a bigger waste of time than the Academy Awards, I don't know what it is. 
Hillary Clinton Trounces Sanders In South Carolina 
thinkngpolitics And you're Exhibit A for how irrational StormTrumpers are 
Eight months into this and I still don't understand how any rational, decent human being can support Donald Trump. 
China, U.S. Agree On North Korea Sanctions That Are Unlikely To Accomplish Anything 
thbb239 I would suggest you actually read the book before criticizing it. mattklewis 
It's like mattklewis is a time traveler who knew exactly when to time the release of his book. 
See what I mean? Don't bother trying to save them from Trump Mitt, they're not worth it. 
Hal_RTFLC Sessions ran unopposed the last time he was up for re-election. There's almost no downside for him 
Given the way Republicans treated him after 2012, why would Romney be inclined to come riding to their rescue now? 
Doing what I'd do if I were Mitt Romney. Enjoying his money and his family. 
Yep it's Sessions 
Since it's Alabama, the most logical guess is that Trump's "big announcement" is Senator Jeff Sessions endorsing him. 
No, those aren't forest fires. That's just  
Another endorsement? 
lyndseyfifield Well, that's standard operating procedure for Cooch 
Peyton Manning To Announce Retirement, Reports Say 
Internal GOP Politics and the Trump Problem 
Clinton Has Massive Leads In Key Super Tuesday States, Polls Show 
krisella0000 Also, the NBC poll reconnected with their respondents after the debate and found well north of 90 had not changed opinion 
JazzShaw Excellent. No need for Uber 
krisella0000 Not necessarily. There's been little evidence any of these debates have had an impact on the polls 
Trump, Cruz Well Positioned Heading Into Super Tuesday, Rubio Not So Much 
JazzShaw Now they'll compare data from two essentially identical copies and see what, if anything has changed. AHMalcolm 
JazzShaw That's one reason they have Kelly up there. His twin brother Mark has been undergoing the same test he has...... AHMalcolm 
AHMalcolm Yea they have a treadmill and something resembling a bike I think. JazzShaw 
JazzShaw Studying the impact of long term zero gravity is one of the points of the mission so I'm sure NASA is as well StationCDRKelly 
I'm going to miss StationCDRKelly's photos from Space_Station but he does deserve to come home after a  
Huntsman, Trump, and the Limitations of a Two Party System 
Trump and the KKK 
United States Putting Advisers On The Front Lines In Nigerias War Against Boko Haram 
Hillary Clinton Trounces Sanders In South Carolina 
Ex-CIA Chief Says Military Would Have to Disobey President Trump 
Trump appearing on CNNSotu via camera rather than phone. Interesting. 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
sterlace The bruise on my forehead is starting to concern me 
Oh that's right, the stupid Oscars are on tonight.  
"Lamar!" 
The corruption that fueled Ukraines 2014 revolution wont go away 
C.D.C. Urges Pregnant Women to Avoid Travel to Olympics Over Zika Fears 
Police: Virginia Officer Fatally Shot Day After Swearing-In 
Awake, against my better judgement. 
Tired 
HollyASwanson :) 
Someone better tell Perry, he has trouble remembering things that come in lists of three. 
JimB_85 Meh. I'm not sure why anyone would have thought a septuagenarian socialist from Vermont was a viable candidate for POTUS 
inthefade I always thought Reince Priebus was the name of a member of the Jedi Council 
JimB_85 No reasonable person should be surprised by this 
It's over Bernie 
TWSS 
CNN Calls it for Hillary 
How long will the cable networks try to drag out the suspense on calling the So. Carolina Democratic Primary when the winner is obvious? 
Rubio Releases 2010-2014 Tax Returns 
ZoeluvsDogs ArtrexisLives The man is a pathetic little troll. 
ThusBloggedA redhed67 The Constitution does not say what form that "advice" must take 
AppreciatesNick And Bork would be wrong. He got a chance at confirmation and, fairly or unfairly, was rejected instapundit redhed67 
President's don't have a "Constitutional right," they have the power to nominate. Senate can accept or reject. 
Jean-Marie Le Pen Endorses Donald Trump 
Rouhani allies on course for major gains in Iran elections 
There's a super-simple way to find your lost smartphone hidden in Google 
FogBelter And I think he did something in Europe too :) 
More Endorsements For Donald Trump 
Babe Rush and Black Jack Pershing. 
FranklinsRule hunterschwarz Well hopefully he'll actually manage to win a primary at some point. Otherwise he won't last much longer 
FranklinsRule hunterschwarz I'm not nervous at all. I'm also not of the left. But Rubio is a Republican Obama. All style and no substance. 
lyndseyfifield But somehow I doubt that acting like Trump is going to be what brings Trump down. 
lyndseyfifield Well he's the undisputed front runner and a guaranteed ratings grabber,so......... 
This is what American politics is reduced to in 2016. Really quite pathetic and childish. 
Donald Trump is Right, It Would Be Very Stupid to Release His Taxes During an Audit 
Trump Wants to Repeal First Amendment 
HollyASwanson Heh, yea 
With Little Suspense Regarding The Outcome, Democrats Head To The Polls In South Carolina 
PaulRabin1 tuckahoetommy GabrielTompkins No, the Reagan myth is the one created by the hard-right of the GOP 
mattklewis It will start with a wave of top level endorsements. Christie was just the beginning instapundit 
I remember Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was my President. Ted Cruz is no Ronald Reagan. 
Kasich or Rubio? 
The Revolt Against Politics 
Melissa Harris-Perry Doesnt Understand TV 
Suicide Bombing in Eastern Afghanistan Kills at Least 12 
DaliaGRod13 I managed to sleep in past seven. So,  
Awake. This is typically where things start going wrong 
Goodnight. If I am awake before 7 I will consider this upcoming Operation Slumber a failure. 
Richard Nixon, wordsmith 
Hwoodpolitix  
JonnyTorres I'll probably vote Libertarian again 
JonnyTorres Why do I need to support any of the shit candidates the two major parties are shoving down our throats 
JanusTwain GaltsGirl  
And  because, well, I'm not insane. 
Also  because America doesn't need an ethically challenged President of limited accomplishment. 
 because I'm not a xenophobic fascist.  because he's a theocrat.  because we don't need Bush 3.0. 
Woman allegedly tries to smuggle $10,000 worth of cocaine through JFK in vagina 
Fact Check: True 
cocokonskii That's sad  
China, U.S. Agree On North Korea Sanctions That Are Unlikely To Accomplish Anything 
JazzShaw Well since caucuses are inherently unrepresentative it's no big loss 
Report: Getting Out Of Bed In Morning Sharply Increases Risk Of Things Getting Even Worse 
The two Governors who overreacted in the most authoritarian, stupid ways possible to last year's Ebola non-crisis have both endorsed Trump. 
Maine Gov. Paul LePage endorses Donald Trump 
Melissa Harris-Perry Walks Off Her MSNBC Show After Pre-Emptions 
No worries Ann, this libertarian hates you too 
Harvard v Yale basketball on Fox Sports One. Instead of cheerleaders they have math squads doing calculus during game breaks. 
Rubio Campaign Telling Donors Its Preparing For A Brokered Convention 
Is the outcome of tomorrow's Democratic primary in South Carolina at all in doubt? Of course not. Hillary wins by gt; 25 points. 
TaylorMVLR That's not swearing. It's sign language :) mchastain81 
Trump leads Rubio Even Head To Head in Florida 
Trump Way Up in Southern Super Tuesday States 
Trump Keeps National Lead 
Poll: Clinton's Lead Over Sanders Little Changed Nationwide 
JmeMiller1974 Sigh, I know 
After this week in politics I need a drink. You probably do too.  
JazzShaw Yes, yes you dk 
Gloves Come Off Against Trump In Tenth Republican Debate, But Is It Too Little, Too Late? 
Hal_RTFLC That's not an entirely inaccurate point. 
Yea I'm gonna have to say "No." 
cynicusprime Lawyers don't always get to choose their clients. Especially when they are Solicitor General. 
cynicusprime Also, Ted Olsen had been Solicitor General so of course he was "on the government's side" that was his job. 
cynicusprime Why the "ugh"? It's not uncommon for attorneys to have represented many different types of clients 
I scored 571 on the Slate Friday News Quiz! via Slate 
Economic Growth In Final Quarter Of 2015 Pegged At Anemic 1.0 
JmeMiller1974 It won't be. 
The next GOP debate will be Thursday on Fox News. Megyn Kelly will be one of the moderators. Trump has already said he'll be there.  
This is not surprising at all. LePage endorsed Christie if I remember correctly. 
Tenth GOP Debate Garners Estimated 14.5 Million Viewers 
China, U.S. Agree On North Korea Sanctions That Are Unlikely To Accomplish Anything 
Credit where it's due. Called this two days ago. 
AlanWindham EdMorrissey the Whig Party over the issue of the expansion of slavery. 
AlanWindham EdMorrissey Yes, and the Whigs developed out of the Federalists. Later, the Republican Party came to be due to the split in 
EdMorrissey The Anti-Federalists, remember, opposed the Constitution altogether 
EdMorrissey Jefferson's Democratic-Republicans 
DaTechGuyblog They supported a national bank, Federal spending on infrastructure, and played down state power 
The original Federalists were a Big Government Party. 
Chris Christie Endorses Donald Trump, Donald Trump Steals Post-Debate News Cycle 
And the birthplace of Frank Sinatra, Bruce Springsteen, Count Base, and Antonin Scalia. 
Well, if you thought Trump was an injured puppy after last night, this should answer that question. 
I'm just going to leave this here  
I've got to hand it to Trump, though, he knows how to handle the media better than anyone I've seen in politics since Deaver and Atwater. 
NathanWurtzel cmdeb We still have Springsteen and the Jersey Shore (the actual shore, not that TV show of course) 
So much for America. 
So when does Rudy Giuliani endorse Donald Trump? 
Pretty much feeling like this 
My guess? Because his tax attorneys are advising him not to. 
This is likely to be just the beginning of Trump endorsements. 
Sweet Lou! 
If Christie was going to endorse, I figured it would be Kasich, or even Rubio notwithstanding that last debate. 
Yep 
Christie endorsing Trump. I'm stunned. Seriously stunned. 
Making fun of misspelled tweets is s sure fired way to win an election. Said nobody ever. 
Rubio Campaign Telling Donors Its Preparing For A Brokered Convention 
The best African American figure skater in history is now bankrupt and living in a trailer 
Gloves Come Off Against Trump In Tenth Republican Debate, But Is It Too Little, Too Late? 
cocokonskii  
His supporters don't care. And, oh yea, the GOP stopped being "conservative" a long time ago. 
1? Pathetic 
I saw Tokyo Sexwale open for Cheap Trick in 1982 
Another debate thought. Watching these people yell at each other makes me think we may as well have 5 year-olds run for President. 
steven_metz It's no surprise that many people I know don't even pay attention to politics anymore 
steven_metz Based on resume alone, Kasich deserves more respect than he's getting. Sadly, experience doesn't matter this year. 
Based on the morning after coverage of the debate, you wouldn't even know that Kasich and Carson were there last night 
yidwithlid Not the event as a whole. If I can, I may be there Friday to grab drinks with whoever's available. 
Why is Ben Carson still getting taxpayer funded Secret Service protection for his book tour......I mean "campaign"? 
JazzShaw TBH, aggregate polls like this are utterly meaningless. 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
Did sleep apnea contribute to Justice Scalias death? His unplugged breathing machine raises that question 
If this follows the script, Trump will aim the full power of his Twitter account and stump speeches at Rubio. 
williams1977 I gave them up for the new year 
I won the debate because I didn't watch. 
RalstonReports No, but your tax lawyer and CPA would probably advise against it 
rprez2012 I hope you don't have children who will die in whatever foolish wars he launches 
rprez2012 Rubio is a Republican Obama with Bush's failed foreign policy on top 
rprez2012 Cruz and Rubio are no better than Trump 
The pathetic thing is that the supposed best the GOP has to offer is standing on that stage in Houston. 
No 
dailyexception I think the odds are better than 50/50 right now 
The humorous part of this whole process will come in Cleveland in July when the GOP dutifully lines up behind Der TrumpenFuhrer. 
Ted Cruz Provides Detailed Response To Moderators Question About Why His Face So Fucking Infuriating 
And the three men should be Mitch Daniels, Jon Huntsman, and Gary Johnson 
Unless you tell them to Google "Santorum" 
CorieWStephens Every time anyone has tried to take Trump down in a debate, they've failed 
Oh that was a disaster 
MileHighBrendan Maybe this is the episode where Mitt Romney returns EdMorrissey 
Trump Leads Rubio In Florida By Double Digits 
Read this as "laid" at first.. 
Odds there will be a question about criminal justice reform or the failed war on drugs at tonight's debate? Yea, probably zero. 
Latino Voters Really, Really Dislike Donald Trump 
Russian teen wins month in hotel with pornstar in online competition 
Who has two thumbs and won't be watching tonight's debate? This guy. 
peter5150 Hillary is not going to pick a 73 year old socialist from Vermont as her running mate 
Is Bernie Sanders Finally Coming To Realize He Cant Possibly Win The Nomination? 
Rubio is living in Fantasyland now 
Ted Cruz Is Standing In The Way Of Flint Water Deal 
The Archbishop can have my Thin Mints when he pries them out of my cold, dead hands. 
AmeliaHammy Well, okay then....... 
AmeliaHammy Of course I could change the channel to the Food Network but then there's a danger I'll see Guy Fieri 
AmeliaHammy Because smod2016 has yet to arrive 
Seriously, though, a guy who never got above 2 in the polls isn't really an "expert" in how to win an election. 
Why is Bobby Jindal on my television? 
Ted Cruz Faces A Test In Texas 
Gov Abbott, how would Cruz be able to work with Capitol Hill to get anything done given that everyone there seems to hate him? TheLeadCNN 
You've got to be fucking kidding me, Der Trumpenfuhrer 
kevinboyd1984 Depends how you define "win" in Texas. Delegate allocation rules could benefit Trump even if he finished 2nd. 
astromarko It's almost always true of people like that. 
Brian Sandoval Takes Name Out Of Contention For Supreme Court 
bcuban I don't either. I just wanted to play a short game of "Kick The Nazi Troll"  
The fact that you adopt the identity of a Nazi tells me all I need to know about you. 
Twitter name and avatar of a member of the Waffen SS? Check Trump supporter? Check Less than 100 followers? Check 
David Duke Urges His Fellow Racists To Support Donald Trump 
madlaw1071 Trump has been leading in Florida since May. He doesn't need that much more momentum to win there and kill off Rubio 
Trump Leads Rubio In Florida By Double Digits 
madlaw1071 No, Rubio's do or die state is Florida. Which he would have a chance of winning if Cruz were fatally wounded in TX 
DrPizza If Cruz somehow lost his home state that would be fatal to his campaign no matter how long he continued to stay in 
Rubio supporters in Texas would be smarter to play the strategic voting game. Vote for Trump with the idea of taking Cruz out. Discuss. 
Too bad, the political theater would have been interesting 
David Duke endorses Der Trumpenfuhrer 
JazzShaw It depends on how many fingers and toes the pollster has 
Girl Scouts  and their cookies  condemned by St. Louis archbishop 
Former Attorney General Eric Holder Comes Out In Favor Of Marijuana Rescheduling 
Hal_RTFLC Released today.... Quinnipiac Florida GOP poll: Trump 44 Rubio 28 Cruz 12 Kasich 7 Carson 4 
Latino Voters Really, Really Dislike Donald Trump 
I'm sure there's pole dancing every night somewhere in Florida. Oh, you meant political polls. Never minds. 
ArtrexisLives Rubio would be unwise to accept such an offer. Lick your wounds and run for Governor of Florida if you lose the nomination. 
tonybruni To a political party? Yes, it is stupid. 
If you have nothing to hide, release the returns 
ndgc12dx There is no evidence of in-person voter fraud in Nevada, and no evidence that it has ever been a major issue anywhere 
flinderdude They make speak differently. They don't really act differently. And neither one of them stands for liberty 
Supporting someone just because they have an "R" or a "D" after their name means you haven't given your choice any thought whatsoever. 
Haley Barbour's "I'll support the nominee" is perhaps the stupidest thing anyone can say politically. 
The media sucks up to him by giving him so much free air time, he doesn't need to pay for ads. 
bildanielson Agreed. a win by only a few  points makes him look weak as well 
If Cruz loses Texas, he's dead 
Is Bernie Sanders Finally Coming To Realize He Cant Possibly Win The Nomination? 
Expert witness testifies that there is no justification for Va. photo ID law 
"I love the poorly educated!!!" --- Donald Trump Of course you do Donald, they're the reason you are where you are today. 
ThePlumLineGS March 15, 2020 perhaps 
ThePlumLineGS You have to admit that Rubio's strategy of lulling Trump into a false sense of security by letting him win is masterful. 
If Republicans let a fascist demagouge like Trump become their nominee, then their party deserves to die 
Then he will fail 
Drug gangs will continue to prosper as long as we continue treating drugs the way we did alcohol in the 1920s, Morning_Joe 
Awake despite my better judgement. 
Nevadas Republican Governor Reportedly Being Vetted For Supreme Court 
Tony Bennett Finds His Heart in Central Park 
'Gay-conversion therapy' faces new legal challenge in Virginia 
Another Chaotic Nevada Caucus Helps Make The Case For Eliminating Caucuses Altogether 
Hey media, here's something to follow up on. What happened to the $6 million Trump raised "for the vets?" 
Donald Trump Scores Solid Win In Nevada 
Coming soon to a theater near you: Everybody Hates Ted 
JazzShaw Bring it on 
And they love you, obviously. 
The New Star Wars Theme Parks Coming to Disney Look Out of This World 
Watch the Falcon 9 Rocket (WhichEven SpaceX Thinks Will Crash)LaunchLive 
A Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model Got Called Fat for Sharing This Photo 
Is Bernie Sanders Finally Coming To Realize He Cant Possibly Win The Nomination? 
Happy Birthday to mchastain81! In her honor I will use as many expletives as possible today.  
JazzShaw I was being a smart ass :D 
Because Republicans will line up dutifully behind Der Trumpenfuhrer :) 
Mark_Kawada This is a shot across the GOP bow. And, politically, perhaps the smartest move Obama could make. 
Nevadas Republican Governor Reportedly Being Vetted For Supreme Court 
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf diagnosed with prostate cancer 
Another Chaotic Nevada Caucus Helps Make The Case For Eliminating Caucuses Altogether 
Kasich Staying in 
Donald Trump Scores Solid Win In Nevada 
mattklewis Excellent choice in in-flight entertainment 
RalstonReports I'm not sure why he still is, to be honest. 
Yes! Yes! 
RalstonReports There are many who suggest that Carson is being used by the people around him to enrich themselves. 
The answer, of course, is that campaigning is more important at this point. Making a speech at a conference in the DC suburbs is meaningless 
What's more important for Rubio, that he make a speech at CPAC or that he's out campaigning in the March 8th amp; March 15th states? 
J_Mu_G Melania was born in Slovenia. She can't run for President. Now, Ivanka, Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, and Barron Trump all could. 
What's the point of interviewing Trump's Trophy Wife other than the fact that she looks good on camera? 
If you don't attack, you'll never win. 
FirstTeamTommy Sadly that's the problem. These Trump supporters aren't thinking. 
FirstTeamTommy I'm afraid the tariff thing is something that likely has a lot of support even though it's economic suicide. 
Marco Rubio's strategy of lulling Donald Trump into a false sense of security by letting him win every contest is working perfectly. 
Trump won again? Man, there are a lot more stupid people out there than even I thought. 
Awake for some stupid reason. 
MikeWMerritt If Trump is the nominee the GOP is doomed. And it won't be because of a story from 1927 
MikeWMerritt I understand. I just don't see this as being relevant. 
MikeWMerritt Trump's supporters won't care. Hell, I despise him and I don't care about a 90 year old allegation regarding someone else. 
Poll: Majority Of Americans Say Senate Should Hold Hearings And Vote On SCOTUS Nominee 
FirstTeamTommy There were a lot of developers in New York and elsewhere who were named in Fair Housing claims back then. cynicusprime 
cynicusprime And how do you determine that? This report is from 1927. Trump wasn't born until 1946. FirstTeamTommy 
Hwoodpolitix America will get what it deserves  
Trump Maintains Huge National Lead 
Astronaut Scott Kelly celebrates a yearlong mission in space by chasing his crew in a gorilla suit 
cynicusprime Fred Trump is dead and not running for President. His son should be judged based on his own record, positions, and actions 
cynicusprime In 1927. Yes, irrelevant. 
cynicusprime A story from 90 years ago is not relevant to this campaign. And you know how I feel about Trump. 
Ben Carson: President Obama Was Raised White, Cant Identify With African-Americans 
romanflute Nope. No reason to stay up 
West Coast elections are like West Coast baseball games. Hard to justify staying awake for. I'll get the  results in the morning. 
President Obama Submits Quixotic Plan To Close Guantanamo Bay Prison 
Nevada Hoping To Avoid Another Chaotic Caucus 
JeffGoulash Heh 
Drinking 
milojbloom SCOTUS appointments became political footballs long ago 
Senate Republicans Vow No Hearings On Supreme Court Nominee From President Obama 
To be fair, it's never been clear that Ben Carson is 100 "there" no matter what room he's in. 
fuzzychimpcom As Justice Scalia would have told you, an originalist and a textualist are not the same thing. 
fuzzychimpcom And the 14th Amendment for that matter. That's why I'm neither a Republican nor a Democrat. They both endanger liberty. 
fuzzychimpcom And I know what Trump, Cruz, or Rubio will do to the 4th through 8th Amendments 
fuzzychimpcom it doesn't really matter to me which side is proven right here. The nation as a whole will lose in the end. 
fuzzychimpcom Since I don't trust any of the remaining candidates for POTUS in either party when it comes to selecting a Justice...... 
fuzzychimpcom strikes me a the kind of hyperpartisan nonsense that will ultimately destroy us. 
fuzzychimpcom I didn't say it did. But leaving a seat vacant for more than a year in the hope of gaining political advantage 
fuzzychimpcom Of course, but the fact that both sides play partisan games with the Constitution doesn't make it right. 
fuzzychimpcom They aren't going to be able to delay filling the vacancy forever 
Conservatives Double Down On No Hearing, No Votes For SCOTUS Nominee 
Peter Mondavi, Napa Valley Wine Pioneer, Dead At 101 
Poll: Majority Of Americans Say Senate Should Hold Hearings And Vote On SCOTUS Nominee 
Ben Carson: President Obama Was Raised White, Cant Identify With African-Americans 
dlindber Well, the British version is really what we would call a miniseries so they had a more limited story to tell 
NoahCRothman karol The drinking is certainly a plus yes :) 
NoahCRothman The thing is, it can all be very exhausting. And I ain't as good as I once was...... :/ 
NoahCRothman By my second CPAC, I wasn't even paying much attention to the speeches. 
NoahCRothman The speeches? You're not missing anything. It's more the opportunity to meet people and such. 
dlindber Maybe. I know HoC is over the top but Spacey just makes it awesome 
NoahCRothman It's worth doing once or twice for the experience I suppose, I'm kind of burned out by the whole thing. 
President Obama Submits Quixotic Plan To Close Guantanamo Bay Prison 
West Wing gt; House of Cards gt; Veep gt; Murphy Brown 
Rubio skipping CPAC. To be honest, campaigning in the March 8th and March 15th states is arguably a far better use of time than a conference 
Death of 13 Bald Eagles in Maryland Prompts an Investigation 
Nevada Hoping To Avoid Another Chaotic Caucus 
Vaccine Has Sharply Reduced HPV in Teenage Girls, Study Says 
More Reason to Doubt Claim That Sanders Won Hispanic Vote in Nevada 
debitking stevenportnoy Yes, but early voting has already started in Ohio 
Trump Leads In Georgia 
Trump Maintains Big Lead Nationally 
Awake. I think. 
Can Donald Trump Be Stopped? 
guypbenson megynkelly Donald Trump's new hat 
steven_metz If they did then the entire Republican field would be ineligible 
Donald Trump Suggests Marco Rubio May Not Be Eligible To Be President 
Peter Mondavi, Napa Valley wine pioneer, dies at 101 
The End, At Least For Now, Of The Bush Dynasty 
Mark Kirk: Supreme Court Fight Should Put "Constitution" before "Party" 
McCaskill Announces She Has Breast Cancer, Expects 'Full Recovery' 
Arizona Senator Flake Endorses Marco Rubio for President 
Bob Dole Endorses Marco Rubio in 2016 Race 
Hatch to Back Rubio in Presidential Race 
Conservatives Double Down On No Hearing, No Votes For SCOTUS Nominee 
Is it just me or does this dude look like Fidel Castro with a really long beard? 
Best wishes to Senator Claire McCaskill for a full recovery.  
JazzShaw I'm waiting for him to show up in a seersucker suit. Although that's kind of out of season right now mattklewis 
Joe Biden In 1992: No Action On Supreme Court Nominations Until After An Election 
JazzShaw Now that he's a big time successful author he obviously feels free to flout fashion rules on a whim mattklewis 
Deer enters liquor store, goes straight for the bourbon 
ArtrexisLives mariaceleste Ah 
ArtrexisLives Perhaps they have learned something after all 
ArtrexisLives One wonders who from Telemundo will be there to ask questions since several of them appear on MSNBC regularly. 
ArtrexisLives Ah yes, this is that debate isn't it? Interesting that the kept th relationship with Telemundo nonetheless. 
ArtrexisLives Huh. Interesting given that Telemundo is owned by NBC. 
Afghan official: Taliban suicide bomber kills at least 13 
Can Donald Trump Be Stopped? 
 
Good lord, they're giving in to him. 
OTB Caption Contest 
debitking Ugh 
JazzShaw Sucks 
Last Survivor Of Treblinka Nazi Death Camp Dies At 93 
Crappy night's sleep. This should be fun. 
Methos2010 Who said she or Sanders are the only other choices? They're not 
Awake or something 
I can only assume this is the British Donald Trump 
arizerg lt;bowsgt; 
Breaking: Clinton campaign accepts money from alien with family ties to mass murder suspect. 
MileHighBrendan Fortuitously that password is secure. I mean it's not like you posted it on Twitter or anything. :) 
JmeMiller1974 It's the independent voters who will abandon Trump. Of course that could happen regardless of who the nominee is 
JmeMiller1974 I don't disagree that he'd lose but that doesn't mean he'd lose significant Republican support 
JmeMiller1974 If you really think 30 is his ceiling, I'm afraid you're being rather naive. 
JmeMiller1974 And you wouldn't have a majority of Republicans telling pollsters he represents their views on major issues 
JmeMiller1974 If that were true he wouldn't be getting 30 of the vote in primaries. 
JmeMiller1974 Ted Cruz isn't any better. If Trump ends up winning the nomination he'll be cheered at the convention. 
JmeMiller1974 I'll believe it when I see it 
JimB_85 I'll believe it when I see it 
The End, At Least For Now, Of The Bush Dynasty 
They'll line up like good little lemmings . Because that's how partisanship works. 
Trump Wins South Carolina, Rubio amp; Cruz Fight For Second, Bush Drops Out 
Methos2010 And the Republican field is a pathetic joke. Not a single candidate I can support at this point. 
Methos2010 I'd say she's still the favorite there too 
EdMorrissey Happy Anniversary! 
Methos2010 The nomination? No chance. 
Hillary Clinton Scores Solid Victory Over Bernie Sanders In Nevada 
JazzShaw Sadly yes 
JazzShaw The keg parties at Electoral College were awesome 
"The American Dream is dead." Donald Trump, June 18, 2015 
JazzShaw I'm just a simple country lawyer but that doesn't seem like a path to 270 Electoral Votes. 
Boris Johnson joins campaign to leave EU 
mchastain81 Hey! 
United Kingdom Sets Brexit Referendum Vote For June 23rd 
The Essential Difference Between Star Wars and Star Trek 
mchastain81 georgialewis76 There's always Battlestar Galactica's "frack" 
Donald Trump Suggests Marco Rubio May Not Be Eligible To Be President 
We know what word you meant mchastain81 :D 
CorieWStephens This is what happens when the Mises legacy has been hijacked by a bunched of Neo-Confederate kooks in Alabama 
A year ago, GOP primary polls showed Jeb Bush and Mike Huckabee winning. Now they're out 
The FBI confirmed it screwed up and reset the San Bernardino shooter's iCloud password 
OTB Caption Contest Winners 
dlindber He'd be 67 in 2020. Not sure he'd want to take this ordeal up again. 
The End, At Least For Now, Of The Bush Dynasty 
KLNorvell Ha! 
KLNorvell At this point, I'm just sitting back and watching the GOP drive its clown car down the hill without any brakes 
Trump Wins South Carolina, Rubio amp; Cruz Fight For Second, Bush Drops Out 
JazzShaw And this is isn't the first time or the first campaign where I've seen political reporters ask "Can X be stopped?" No big deal. 
JazzShaw Also, given the fact that nominating Trump would be about the stupidest thing Republicans could ever do, it's a relevant question. 
JazzShaw When there is an active movement, soliciting donations, to stop that candidate? Absolutely. 
robprather movement to stop Hillary whereas there is an active movement in the GOP to stop Trump. JazzShaw 
robprather I guess my point is that what would be the point of a "Can Hillary be stopped?" story when there is not active JazzShaw 
Hillary Clinton Scores Solid Victory Over Bernie Sanders In Nevada 
What if Obama nominated a Republican Governor for SCOTUS? Interesting..... 
JazzShaw Well, that's because there's nobody in the Democratic Party trying to stop her. Apples/Oranges comparison. 
JazzShaw Because there is an active interest among sane Republicans to, well, stop Donald Trump 
As goes Mitt Romney, so goes...... 
JazzShaw Well because after last night she can't be. At least not in the nomination race 
Awake or something 
Time to get some rest. We'll know who came in 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc in the morning. 
Well, you've got the "moron" pat. In fact, we'll call you Ann, Queen Of The Morons. 
So far, Marco Rubio's strategy of winning the GOP nomination by losing all the primaries seems to be working. 
Every Republican who has won both the New Hampshire and South Carolina primary has gone on to win the Republican nomination.  
And now CNN calls it. The only question now is who comes in 2, 3, and 4. Just like in New Hampshire. 
jpodhoretz Same here. I still see a blue check when I look at your profile 
To be fair, South Carolina's biggest shame came from 1860-1865. 
And here's CBS. It's New Hampshire all over again. 
NBC must be pretty confident in the exit polls to call this for Trump already 
Hillary Clinton Scores Solid Victory Over Bernie Sanders In Nevada 
Utah: As representative of America as you can get.  
robprather Obviously not 
DanielLarison You have a point 
I can't believe he actually believes this...... 
If true, this would seem like a big  for the Sanders campaign, no? 
BREAKING: Exclusive video from inside Clinton Hotel Suite when  was called for HRC 
Her last movie before becoming Princess Grace of Monaco and their only film together 
Jane2McMahon Exactly 
Hilllary wins Nevada. Hillary will win South Carolina big next Saturday, and she'll win most of Super Tuesday. So much for Feelin' The Bern 
hayesy316 It is, isn't it? The Logan Valley Doctrine comes from a SCOTUS opinion by Thurgood Marshall !! 
Absurd. Twitter is a private company, free to set its own rules amp; allow or disallow access for any reason it wants. 
CNN joins Fox News, MSNBC, and me in calling the  for Hillary Clinton 
masg66 It looks like it will be closer than her win over Obama in Nevada in 2008 
Yea, Clinton wins this. A close one, but she wins.  
Indeed 
United Kingdom Sets Brexit Referendum Vote For June 23rd 
Put it all on 33 black 
Preview of Hillary Clinton's reaction if she loses Nevada. 
In other news Rutgers Men's Basketball remains winless in the Big Ten with today's loss to Penn State 
The important thing to watch from Nevada, of course, are the returns from Area Waukesha 51. 
More on the Clinton/Sanders and Democratic Demographics 
Ansel Adams' internment camp photos 
Then let the woman have her damn whiskey and nap! 
trumwill I would never want to find out and would avoid any opportunity where the possibility of meeting her existed. 
I know people who say she's "nice" in person. I don't believe it. She is a hateful, scornful, racist pig. 
Oh you're in the *other* Sin City :D 
My lord, you are a fucking moron. And so is anyone who supports you. 
Hottest January on Record 
A Primer on the Brexit Debate 
Democrats Down To The Wire In Largely Unpredictable Nevada 
Ha! 
Ouch. That's gonna leave a mark. 
South Carolina Could Decide The Fate Of Several Republicans 
"Please tell me Donny Deutsch isn't here." 
lessdismalsci That's true of the whole GOP Base/Tea Party 
Because academic arguments don't work with people swayed by the irrationality of populism. 
It's Primary Day in South Carolina and Whatever The Hell They Do Day in Nevada! 
Awake for some reason. 
Holy shit...... 
The point is that there is no "tradition" of Presidents declining to select judicial nominees during their final year in office. None at all 
To be clear. POTUS has every right to pick a SCOTUS nominee regardless of what year it is. The Senate can do with that nominee what it will. 
There is no such "tradition." 
JazzShaw I'm holding out hope for smod2016 
Trump hails torture, mass killings with pigs blood ammo in SC 
steven_metz That's Trump 
JazzShaw Not me :) 
Let's waterboard Trump! 
Italian writer Umberto Eco dies at 84 
Why do you hate America? 
Today marks a shameful and dishonorable day in American history. 
Binders full of lawyers 
alwaysonoffense Ah yea you should be fine 
alwaysonoffense I hear they extended the period for the public by an hour 
alwaysonoffense How long is the line at this point? 
EdPhillipsUSMC There's no justifiable reason to do that 
Obama On Harper Lee: She 'Changed America For The Better' 
Snowden on Trumps Apple Threat: Can We Boycott Trump Instead? 
SC Polls and the Racial Dimensions of the Democratic Contest 
Harper Lee, Author Of To Kill A Mockingbird, Dead At 89 
steven_metz This is sadly true 
Sorry Donald Trump, the Vatican is not actually a walled-off city 
Obviously, he got really, really drunk. It's the only thing that would why anyone would consciously create this mess 
Jeb Bush Faces The End Of The Road In South Carolina 
DrLouDeSantis Yep 
I'm pretty sure that this is the first U.S. Presidential election where Vatican architecture has become an issue. 
RonSupportsYou And the booze, don't forget the booze 
In Defense of Trump, Some Point (Wrongly) to Vatican Walls 
It's cute how reporters are letting Ben Carson pretend he's still running for President Morning_Joe 
Four other polls taken over the same period as NBC/WSJ in So. Carolina put Trump up between 12-16 points 
Justice Antonin Scalia to Be Honored at Supreme Court 
Donald Trump Says He Always Opposed the Iraq War. Thats a Lie. 
No, Democrats Arent Screwing Military Voters 
Jeb Bush Says Obama Has Constitutional Authority To Nominate A SCOTUS Justice 
Another NBC/WSJ outlier? Or is South Carolina tightening a bit? 
Excellent! 
Awake. This never ends well. 
AmateurPolSc Join the club 
Separated at birth? 
To paraphrase Billy Joel, Hypocrisy is such a lonely word...... 
Fascist 
Henry VIII is not pleased 
chucktodd Would be better if things started before 9. The East Coast needs to sleep 
