text 
jamie_raskin. Hey, to a good friend of DC voting rights. congratulations! 
Here's why GOP should worry....Trump Is The Weakest GOP Front-Runner In The Modern Era  
It's a wrap. Hours after leaving CNN, I continue to follow the coverage. If you missed  just stay tuned. NewDay starts soon. 
Women are the majority of citizens and a majority of voters. Since 1980, a major Gender Gap in every prez election. 
Congratulations to all the Democratic winners in Pennsylvania -- Hillary Clinton, and especially U.S. SEnate candidate Katie McGinty. 
Trump prides himself on being insulting. Was that so call victory speech presidential? No? Entertaining? Yes! 
Wishful thinking. 
Trump has swept aside the presidential aspirations of many Republicans. Let's not allow him to sow seeds of more division.  
Agree. Congratulations Chris 
Oh God.  is using  to attack Hillary and to try to drive a wedge.  
He's enjoying the attention. 
Did someone hacked  speaker? Okay. It's better. 
 just said that he considers himself the presumptive GOP nominee. Called for healing.  
True 
No path, no journey. Just a thought. 
Ted Cruz's speech tonight is not worthy of prime time coverage. All piss amp; vinegar. Not one word of thanks for voters who are still voting. 
Cruz amp; Kasich each want to be in charge of US foreign policy, and they cant even forge a workable alliance between the two of them. CNN 
What will Donald Trump do if he wins? Actually, that question has ramifications that extend far beyond tonight.  CNN 
Opportunists never cease to amaze me. 
Oh this is going to be huge. Let see how this wall was built -- that effectively crumbled on innocent students. 
When you wait this long to address the problem, there is a fuzzy line between cooperation and desperation.  CNN 
So Ted Cruz and John Kasich are cooperating. Its about time. Or more accurately, it WAS about timea month or two ago.  
So Ted Cruz and John Kasich are cooperating. Its about time. Or more accurately, it WAS about timea month or two ago. 
We agree. 
Face it, this presidential race has been a marathonand most of the people who run a marathon are not running to win it. CNN 
Commercial breaks, I will tweet. CNN 
All of the candidates have to accept the reality of what is going on in this race. But nobody can figure out what that is. CNN 
Bernie Sanders is going to reassess his candidacy after tonight. But using terms like reassess means hes staying in the race until 6/7. 
Pennsylvania hasnt mattered in a primary since the Liberty Bell cracked.  matters. Geaux vote in PA, MD, CT, RI and DE. CNN 
Its  Again. Nobody expected Tuesdays to be Super for this long! CNN for a few hours before the polls close in 5 states. 
Beyonce has more  than typical hot sauce. Her  is not mild. It's spicy. I'm going to own this because it speaks to me. 
 It's a bittersweet melody. It's so well done. Thank you Beyonce. 
Let's end discrimination in voting. This ruling is bad. Wrong, wrong.... needs to turn a new page. 
Here's critical information on voting in  
Please pass on to voters in  Big changes in place. Read this Editorial: Prepare to vote via projo. 
ChrisCuomo. Is this one better? 
Join us tomorrow for  coverage of Election Day in PA, MD, CT, RI and DE. CNN.  
FBI: Former Gov. John McKeithen arranged payments to Ku Klux Klan to quell violence in 1960s via theadvocateno 
Well, it's where many of us go for restoration and joy: For Hillary Clinton, church offers a trusted comfort zone 
Let's  and ensure no Eligible citizen is ever denied the right to vote and have their voices heard. 
Only in America citizens lose their vote if they fail to show up or if they get convicted of a crime. It's wrong. 
Thank you Governor for given citizens a 2nd chance. The right to vote is important. If they decide to vote, great. 
What's on your menu? I'm here in Cleveland, Ohio. Lots of ppl watching  I'm reading up on all things   
  
 
 Enjoy the Seder. 
Dont be fooled by the new Donald Trump 
 Let's celebrate Earth Day by advocating a clean and healthy environment for all. 
Thank you. Gov. McAuliffe to sign order restoring rights to 206,000 felons via richmonddotcom 
Does Black Lives Matter Really Matter? via thedailybeast. goldietaylor 
Agree. 
The tributes won't stop. Read Frank Oceans Tribute to Prince via pigsandplans 
Here's a link to James Brown, Prince and Michael Jackson. Share the soul. Rest in Peace. via youtube 
The last time I saw Prince was in concert at the White House in June, 2015. Will miss him. via youtube 
"Purple rain, Little Red Corvette, Diamond and Pearls."  I'm in mourning. 
Trump terrifies world leaders 
How do you define courage? Tenacity? Vallr? Read Why Harriet Tubman belongs on $20 bill CNN cnnopinion 
Wheels down in my beloved hometown New Orleans.   
How Bernie lost New York 
Read and share. Why Harriet Tubman belongs on $20 bill CNN 
Will Bernies People Back Hillary in November?: https://t.co/zhXR7T20Hls-people-back-hillary-november via theprospect 
It now looks extremely hard for Ted Cruz to win the nomination. The most he can do is make it extremely hard for Donald Trump to win it. 
Hmmm. Just go to Flint. Solve the  And when you get there, help the local ppl. 
This is wrong. Speak up folks. 
It appears Gov. John Kasich won one districtManhattan. Hmm. It wont get him the nomination, but maybe he can get tickets to Hamilton. 
Ted Cruz came in a distant 3rd in  So will Cruz try to take the actual New York delegates from under Trumps nose? CNN 
On the  side, Donald Trump didnt take a bite out of the Big Applehe swallowed it whole.  
Goodbye  1 week from now, we're going south to Pennsylvania, Delaware amp; Maryland. And east to Connecticut amp; Rhode Island. 
The Media Have a Hillary Story and Theyre Sticking to It via BillMoyersHQ 
Shake a groove thing, shake it.... But the work continues. 
Tonight was a resounding victory for  
Agree with elizabethforma. Pass the tissue. 
 And Massachusetts too. Let's not start new lines of division. We are the United States of America. 
Congratulations! The Associated Press projects that former secretary of state Hillary Clinton is the winner of the Democratic  
Polls closing in one minute. I'm off air CNN but following the voter purging and other electoral dysfunction. This impacts every citizen. 
Every eligible citizen has the right to vote and to have your votes counted. No American should have to face long lines or being purged. 
Hey New York, if you're in line to vote, stay in line. The polls will close shortly. Will the  go down in history? 
Watching CNN tonight? During the next break, please read why Trump primary criticism misses the point CNN 
McCain to skip GOP convention 
Okay, I am a Democrat, but Donald Trump primary criticism misses the point CNN 
Surprise? New Study: Hillary Clinton, not Donald Trump, gets the most negative media coverage via voxdotcom 
A party primary is not a public decision, rules expert says via YahooNews 
My, my. Exposing her southern roots. Right-Wing Media Can't Believe Hillary Clinton Has Hot Sauce In Her Bag 
GOP is incapable of governing. Anti govt sentiments run deep. Read: Crises Mount, House Still Won't Act RollCall 
Dont look now, but another state is trying to punish women for having abortions 
Report: Up to 500K Californians may be blocked from voting 
When I read my emails, I just roll my eyes. Some of the insults are not even suited for Twitter. Demeaning. Keep your eyes on the prize! 
Give the Republicans crediteven with all the infighting, they still never neglect their outfighting. They really dislike  
If we end up scrapping the rules, and by that, I mean doing away with the concept of rules altogether. Then the game is rigged. Be careful. 
As a proud member of the Democratic National Committee, I plan to sit with the  delegation. Let my vote count. Peace. 
Republicans are fighting over the rules while they still have rules. Democrats cannot repeat 1964 amp; fight over who sits in the arena. 
I love these folks. CNN donlemon 
You've read about Brokered convention? Its looking like we might witness a broken convention. That's why  matters. And ... 
It looks like Ted Cruz is planning on winning the delegate fights. But what if Donald Trump is planning on winning the street fights. 
What's on your menu?  Democrats are finally bickering. But, the Republicans are totally bonkers. 95R/247D delegates at stake. 
During the 2012 presidential cycle, EWErickson worked CNN. Here's to your recovery. Stay well. 
It takes time to recover. Just slow down. 
 Rest in Peace 
As the temperature rises outdoors, the hate index keeps rising upwards as the hunt for delegates loom even larger. 
The Party needs many supporters. 
rickhasen has been a strong voice for electoral reform. 
Be safe  You're in our thoughts and prayers. 
 
Former Republican Senator: On Immigration, Law Is on Obamas Side   
 
It's the  that matter.  
Great episode.  
Tonight at 9pmET. I Could Not Keep Silent: HBOs Confirmation Reexamines Anita Hill And Clarence Thomas HBO 
Finally, I get to go home for the start of  Let the good times roll. You know what it means to miss New Orleans. Enjoy the weekend 
And then, it's back to politics on Monday. Tuesday, it's  Whoever wins there can win anywhere. Songs dont lie. 
Tomorrow, I'm back home to garden. Bulbs are blossoming, but I need to get going with my vegetables. Remember this: 
 is the Illinois Education Association. Here to discuss the election, the state of public education and the race for the White House. 
What's on your menu? Wow, what a week? Pittsburgh on Monday, New York with cnn for the  Austin, Texas and now Chicago for  
This is a powerful statement of support: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's endorsement Hillary Clinton. Read it now. 
There's nothing wrong with winning in the South.Thank you LouisianaGov for making a "huge" difference for all. 
The most exciting Democratic debate CNN CNNOpinion 
Miss the  Read my column: The most exciting Democratic debate CNN 
Please stop ignoring the poorest region amp; the ppl who still believe in the hope of America. I'm a proud Southerner. 
Before it ends, we need to address women's health, voting rights amp; NC's discriminatory actions against the LGBT community.  CNN 
 Here we are in Brooklyn, but it's more like "Live at the Apollo." The fireworks are louder than the spark. 
Prayers for the ppl impacted by this earthquake. 
 7 in 10 Democrats in exit polls in Wisconsin said they were optimistic or excited about Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. 
Please catch morganajames tonight at   
TONIGHT.Tune in to CNN at 9 pm ET for our ninth  
RT: Why Obama Will Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents of All Time  GQ 
Here with my CNN family for the  TheDemocrats 9pmET 
Behold 'The Trump Effect': Hatred, fear and bullying are on the rise in schools via HuffPostPol 
A view from the outside here at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Tonight's debate 9pmET. CNN 
What's on your menu? Here's at the  debate hall. 9pmET. Last call before   
Ron, what a moment. You're a great Dad. Thanks for writing this book. Love, love, love.   
I can't wait. 
AC360. Ted Cruz's daughters are so impressive.  CNN 
The door is wide open. Please, please, everybody is welcome to join the Democratic Party. 
cnn with BrookeBCNN and janeosanders 
I'm looking forward to watching IamDonCheadle in this new biopic. 
SteveRattner. Thanks for your wonderful analysis. 
Can I possibly serve as moderator? 
 
Every four years, ppl wake up to learn that there are major political parties in American politics.  
Like the majority of Americans, they are not affiliated or registered as a Democrat or Republican. 
 
GOP to Ryan: please save us from ourselves. Save us from rewriting another autopsy report. Save us from the future. 
Oh, expect a response or an insult. 
It's about time. 
Scott Walker being at the top of the list.... 
DHBerman. Someone who has participated in primary process. Maybe he's setting up a candidate who suspended his or her campaign.  
Yep, 3 remaining GOP candidates and 10 - 14 suspended candidates. And then there's  
My favorite conservative trouble maker. 
SpeakerRyan to GOP: "Count me put." 
 Paul Ryan isn't a moderate alternative to Donald Trump. He's not a moderate at all. via voxdotcom 
The 50 Best Colleges for African-Americans via EssenceMag 
ESSENCE_Debates.  was slow to embrace Black students in the late 1970s/early1980s, but we stuck together. Progress was slow but steady. 
More on delegates, democracy, et a.. No matter how you measure it, Sanders isnt winning the Democratic primary 
It's never too late to know the rules, but after the game starts, you better learn fast. 
 
For all you followers who need a crash course on the Democrats' super delegates, please read, cut, paste and savor. 
Why hasn't Congress funded Zika research? 
Let's pray it doesn't involved Congress to act anytime soon. Admin has been on top of it. 
Memo to  I thought you knew the art of the deal. You have to run a campaign to win delegates across America. 
Let's support equal pay legislation, raising the minimum wage, guaranteeing paid family leave, amp; support candidates who will fight for us. 
What's on your menu? It's  Today marks when womens wages catch up to those of our male counterparts from the previous year. 
Before you celebrate, it's best to  The race for president is more than hypotheticals. Best of luck. 
They are so proud of you and your accomplishments. Here's to Elsie Hillman and the women of western Pennsylvania. 
PCWP_Chatham hosting Mary Matalin in honor of Elsie Hillman. 
MayorBowser. I'm here at your alma mater. Chatham University. 
Independents? 
Unless we engage more citizens to vote and empower "we the ppl," voters will become increasingly disillusioned. 
 
CNNOpinion: Qualified for president? david_gergen juliettekayyem davidaxelrod SlaughterAM hughhewitt 
 mourns Ex-Saints DE Will Smith who was killed in shooting via usatoday 
Congratulations to Team Sanders for your victory in the  
Just in time for Sunday..Who's qualified to be President? Please read my take on this important issue: 10 takes CNN 
Hey Democrats! Get out to Caucus in  Every state matters and every vote counts. CNN will report the results. 
 
Second. 
donlemon. Raise the noise on this act of courage. 
Amen Bruce! Stand up for equality. 
 
Giving back and paying it forward. True to the ideals that made Cleve Sellers a great fighter for civil rights. 
 
HenryLouisGates amp; PBS   
The Supreme Court Extremism of Clarence Thomas and Chuck Grassley via JeffreyToobin 
It's complicated, but Charles can break it down on paper or on video. Take it from here. 
Hmmm. Remember that saying.. "Birds of the same feather will flick together....." 
So true. You have to call, court and convert every delegates. 
 
You're very kind. 
I believe 3 or one CD. Maybe end up 6. 
Team CNN. Great job covering  wolfblitzer jaketapper amp; DanaBashCNN. DavidChalian. Brother Preston. JohnKingCNN 
How many of you are watching CNN? Get the latest political news, polls and lots more. Tune in. The night is just starting. NoRepeats! 
Now Establishment Republicans have to ask themselveswas this a rescue, or just a reprieve?  
 lost and  won. Its like being pulled up from the edge of a cliff and realizing that you were saved by Darth Vader. 
Now we go to New York. Both major political parties will compete in  Whoever wins there can win anywhere. Songs dont lie. 
Next up for DemsCaucuses in Wyoming (4/9) and primary in New York (4/19). Thats pretty much the gamut. Oh,  on CNN. (4/14). 
Sanders' margin of victory wont do much to close the pledge delegates gap. He keeps winning, but not enough to prevent Hillary from winning 
Senator Ted Cruz called Wisconsin a turning point. That wheel is still turning, Tedtheres no guarantee itll stop on you. CNN 
Congrats team  on your victory in the  
He needed to win. 
Hillary and Bernie will debate again on 4/14 in  
The biggest argument for every  candidate seems to be how unelectable all the other GOP candidates are. 
On CNN w/political panel: PaulBegala , davidaxelrod, GloriaBorger, JeffJlpa1, niaCNN, secupp smerconish. And my Boo andersoncooper. 
Amen. 
UConnWBB - Congratulations on your success.  
The new  -- the  
 played well.  but a joyful game. Just a great game by  
This was a great game.  wins.  For the record, number 2 scored the winning shot. 
How can it not go into overtime?  
Overtime!  
With less than 13.5 seconds, 3points difference.  
What a game!  
FulbrightPrgrm FulbrightSchlrs 
Sorry I missed the special anniversary. 
Greetings from Hobart and the William Smith Colleges up here in Geneva, NY. It's snowing. 
Please read and share my column on Dr King's legacy. King's vision of Making America greater CNN CNNOpinion 
CNN to discuss the Democrats! 
Music is an expression. Enjoying katyperry and DollyParton.  
 Get the facts. 
Hey, it's good to go to a bldg in New York that's not named after  
What's on your menu? I'm heading over to the 92Y for a conversation with greenfield64 to discuss campaign 2016 -- or not so sweet 16. 
Just a tipping point. 
Master strategist who never lost his common touch. He helped raise a new generation of political amp; social activists. 
 heading to  championship game.  
Oh my. What's going on? 
malikbrazile. I'm excited about your upcoming high school graduation.  
After all, He's a Brazile! Put the money on the table. 
Proud of my nephew. Keep it up Boo! 
Bartender just announced they're running out of wings. But the beer will keep flowing.   
I'm hoping the margin is closer but the excitement greater than ever.  
 played hard and won big. 
 crushed  95-51. They are in the championship.  
Thanks rosariodawson for your enthusiasm for democracy. Every year, there's an Election Day somewhere in the USA. Let's  
Nooooooooooo 
Passions are strongest in the closing months of a contested primary. 
 or  
StephenAtHome and wyntonmarsalis. Stop. I can't dance this way anymore. 
StephenAtHome kicks off  My homeboy wyntonmarsalis. 
Stand with the U.S. womens national soccer team.   
What's on your menu? I'm in Columbus, Ohio to debate alexcast at OhioState. Looking forward to having fun in the  
Hey, Trump: Women Are Already Being Punished for Abortion via thedailybeast 
 
Be safe 
After  statement on abortion, the Republican Party needs to get a reboot before they just plain get the boot. 
 
GOP forms new SuperPac to promote Loretta Sanchez: This super PAC was formed to push her Senate bid into top-two 
 must learn to apologize for mistakes amp; ask for forgiveness. It's a sign of strength, plus character, not weakness. Agree? CNN 
This sums up my personal philosophy. Read it carefully. And shout Amen! 
eric_wilcox4 can litigate until you feel good. I'm going to work to elect candidates that reflect my values. Period. Lift up your values! 
You know how much time is wasted demonizing ppl versus working to make change? Go find your joy! 
She's entitled to speak out. I'm a big fan of her professional work. And respect different opinions. 
I'm more interested in knowing how Democrats will lead us forward. 
You know I have a right to laugh. Now go find your joy 
Across the board. Period. Now find your joy! 
OMAROSA. You cannot get to the White House by pinching pennies or rewriting the rule book. The rules matter. 
It's a major issue. Why should women work for less? Compared to men who held a similar job.... 
What Susan Sarandon said about Trump was out of this world 
OMAROSA. Guess they have a delegate tracker on the payroll. 
Tough to believe this is true 
Obama turns attention to growing opioid abuse problem via usnews 
In 2016, Women will vote in larger numbers than men. 
What's on your menu? CNN and the  
My nephew enjoys filming. Congratulations malikbrazile. I'm coming to your high school graduation. 
This is funny. The Bernie-Bro Code via newyorker 
6 Friendships That Prove Washingtons Not Totally Polarized 
President Obama calls family of Justin amp; Stephanie Shults, Americans killed in Brussels, to express his condolences. 
Thank you  Dr Martin Luther King, Jr challenged us to move forward. Good night tweet hearts. Prayers for J Mallore. God is awesome. 
"If you cant fly then run, if you cant run .. walk, if you cant walk .. crawl, but whatever you do .... keep moving forward." Rev Dr King 
My alma mater. lsu 
Tomorrow is just another Tuesday. If you decide to enjoy it, celebrate or share it with others. It's  It's  
As a former Capitol Hill staffer, thank you for protecting Members of Congress, staff amp; visitors to U.S. Capitol Complex each and every day. 
What's on your menu? Spent day gardening amp; enjoying the nice sunshine. But, just want to say thank you to the U.S. Capitol Police officers. 
ananavarro on AC360. Bam. 
Terrorism has no borders and it claims innocent ppl. We must remain vigilant worldwide. 
Definitely true. 
Amen! 
Dos And Donts For Anyone Going To Black Church On Easter via SylviaObell 
Thanks betsymarvin 
 
amandacarpenter.  Remember, that "weeping endures for the night, but it's joy" .... that comes in the morning. 
Congratulations 
CNN has went to commercial break. We're still covering BernieSanders victory remarks. 
Congratulations to  for two amazing caucus victories.   
Brother Tim Russert and his clipboard. Miss Mary McGory, and many, many more. 
CanyonRose. We are all part of the process. Elected officials, party officials and now you the voters. Let's add, not detract or subtract. 
This is the kind of nonsense I am referring when I mention insults amp; hate. Please don't follow me. Go find your joy. 
Jack Germond was a great reporter. I also miss David Broder. 
Believe me, I would love to answer some of these tweets, but I'm busy. The insults are truly appalling. Let's continue to get out the vote. 
Yes, I'm neutral. And if you don't like it, please just enjoy Easter. And continue to vote until June 14th.  
Once again, please read the rules before you make misleading comments. 85 of the Dem delegates are pledged. 
Oh! stop hating. Super delegates are less than 15 of the delegates and we are "unpledged" to anyone until Philly. 
You can insult me, but the rules are the rules. Don't try to change them. We are not Republicans. 
Let us keep America moving forward. 
 
Condolences to the family. 
I second everything my homeboy said. 
Note: all Republicans. 
Love this. 
 
JazzDad55. Like previous years, I have not pledged my support to any candidate. Donated to both. But will strongly back the  
 menu. Grilled Salmon, succotash and dirty rice. More seasonal than traditional. 
Read the transcript. 
What's on your menu? Well, it's Saturday amp; time for another dose of politics. Join us this afternoon on CNN for 3 Democratic caucuses. 
 We need a constitutional amendment to secure the rights of all eligible citizens to vote in every election. 
 It's not just southern states. It's the entire United States. 
It's official. Read my tweet: the  btw Ted and Donald has ended. So, what should voters do? 
When  insulted Mexicans, Muslims, the Disabled, Women, plus a war hero...  wasn't upset. 
Ahhhh. There's no more bracket magic I'm done. 
Here at American University.  
tedcruz is calling on realDonaldTrump to respect women -- all women. Wives, daughters, mothers, sisters, aunts amp; professional women. 
There's no place in our democracy for long lines, or states running out of ballots.  
Good read: Markos Moulitsas: Is it game over for Sanders? 
My Lawd. 
  
 
 
Happy 
SpeakerRyan. Lead by example! 
 
Radical Tea Partiers have rejected their own partys budget. Now, HouseGOP is giving up amp; going home for 2 weeks.  
More than 90 of Americans have health coverage for the first time EVER.   In my book, that's a blessing. 
6 years ago, POTUS signed the Affordable Care Act into law, making health care a right, not a privilege, for all.  Amen 
Night nite  voters. 
Let's write a book on winning with grace or losing with dignity. It starts with hope. Hope in its most powerful sense to make a difference. 
Are you registered to vote? Have you voted? Will you challenge others to vote? What if your candidate fall short of victory? Will you vote? 
Yes indeed 
Here we go again. 
Breaking a losing streak is always a sign of viability. First victory since Michigan. 
JonEricksonTV. What went wrong? Again, election officials must add poll sites. Pima has less ppl, but more sites than Maricopa county. 
This is really shameful. 
Congratulations to team Sanders and I pray everyone in line voted or got a chance to attend the caucus. 
This is a problem throughout the country. 
We continue to struggle with the right to vote. It's time to pass a constitutional amendment to vote. 
Congratulations to team Sanders for an impressive turnout in  Both candidates will receive delegates. 
Since the 1984 presidential election, super delegates have been part of the process. 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004,2008 amp; 2012. 15 of total. 
The millions of new voters spurred by Donald Trump and other campaign myths, debunked 
Thanks Boo. It's your turn.  
Eligible voters -- If you have an opportunity to vote early or absentee, go ahead and do it now. In caucus states, we need you to show up. 
If you're a registered voter planning to attend the  please stay in line!  ...please don't give up. 
I'm trying but please stop whining. Let's all get out to vote and stay in line. 
When Bernie wins, I give credit to his team, and when Hillary wins, I give credit to her team. That's how I roll. Yes, that's how I roll. 
I've encouraged ppl to stay in line. There's more on the ballot to be called tonight. But a win is a win. 
Impressive.....Stay in line   and  Your vote matters.  
Congratulations team Clinton on your victory in the  
You think? What about making voting more accessible? And it's time to  
Here we are discussing the  and the candidates are attacking each other spouses. 
AIPAC decries Donald Trump's criticism of Obama at pro-Israel group's event 
It's  -- the first one. One more on June 7th. Geaux vote or caucus for your candidate. 
Grieving Brussels holds vigil at historic city square Let's continue to lift them up in prayer. 
My heartfelt condolences to the ppl of Belgium. 
Thank you SamFeistCNN and the entire CNNPolitics team. Let's get ready for a big night tomorrow. If it's Tuesday.. 
Truly honored. In my remarks, I'll challenge our leaders to encourage millennials to answer the call to serve. 
Thank you. 
Let's "Rock and Roll." Honored to be a part of your great program. 
Gratitude. I'm so humbled by this honor. Before the  primary, I am working on my remarks. Thank you. 
Saving the best for last. 
In honor of  History Month, looking forward to going to  and  
It's time to remind U.S. Senators to  
Happy birthday, Twitter! We weren't sure what to do with you at first. via poynter 
In 2011, I enjoyed visiting Cuba. Willing to go back again when time permits. 
rolandsmartin on ThisWeekABC. 
 
Hot mess 
Thank you for having my back. I have your back as well. 
Grateful to the Lord almighty for rolandsmartin. His depth of understanding, his insights amp; compassion for the ppl. God bless you brother. 
 Shamrocks to all. 
Dear Senator: Please proceed with the confirmation of Judge Merrick Garland. Be respectful and schedule to meet him.  SCOTUSnom 
The Senate Republicans are digging inand theyre digging themselves into a hole.  SCOTUSnom 
 
Today, POTUS chose a nominee who is impossible to ignore. But the GOP Senators arent afraid to try the impossible by refusing to meet him. 
Note to Republicans: The President has Done his Job, It's Time You Do Yours. SCOTUSnom 
 as a prosecutor, oversaw the Oklahoma City bombing and 'Unabomber' terror cases. SCOTUSnom.  
Amen 
What's on your menu? Sitting in the Rose Garden as POTUS announces  
POTUS is announcing his   - Support President Obama.  is well qualified. 
 - Support President Obama as He Announces His Nominee for the Supreme Court TODAY. The Senate must act. 
POTUS is expected to announce an extremely well qualified jurist to fill  vacancy. 
It's time to act. "I'm going to do my job and then my expectation is going to be will the Senate do its job"  President Barack Obama. 
NewDay, it's time to rest. But, I'm all  During interview w/ realDonaldTrump, ask him how did he defeat the GOP establishment? 
I love GovHowardDean! 
After winning 4 diverse states, Hillary is leading with over 50 of the superior or pledged delegates. Missouri hasn't been called. 
Kasich will probably become the pick of the GOP establishment. Thats enough to sink his campaign right there.  
The bottom line is that Kasich has won exactly one racein his home state of Ohio. Though the home state part is important.  
Governor John Kasich will try and spin his  win into a game changer. Now that Rubio is gone, Kasich is trying to "pull a Rubio." 
Forgiveness is a sign of valor, courage amp; strength, not weakness or meekness. 
Who's leading? What's next? JohnBerman and ChristineRomans are anchoring the post analysis. CNNPolitics CNN is looking ahead to 3/22. 
Close only counts in horseshoes, but blowout counts big time in the race for the party's nomination. It's not over. Stay tuned. 
Hillarys march toward the nomination has been slow and steady. Im sure the slow part annoys her, but the steady is impressive. 
Hillary lead in every state voting yesterday, if only narrowly in MO amp; IL. But if things remain narrow, Hillary remains firmly in the lead. 
cornholelio. You're entitled to your views. But, please be more respectful. 
"Order my steps. God makes no mistakes." marcorubio 
Thank you marcorubio for acknowledging the American spirit of resiliency. Much appreciated. Now, let's move  
It's worse than 2008. But, we will not back down or disappear. We're not going to the back of the bus. 
 is finally giving the speech - gratitude. Now, he can return to the U.S. Senate with this experience behind him.  
Let's not bring back Dixiecrats. They left the Democratic Party amp; many switched over to the Republican Party. 
 
Wisconsin on April 5th? Just a guess. 
Looking forward to joining the best political team at 11pmET. CNNPolitics 
If you're still in line, please stay and vote. You have a right to vote if you're in line. 
The night isn't over. 
There goes the commuter traffic. Rush hour hell. 
Students Are Being Rejected From The Polls Because Of North Carolinas Voter ID Law  
The fate of the Free World hangs in the hands of Florida and Ohio. I dont have a good history with the Florida part.  
When the GOP decided on winner-take-all primaries in Florida and Ohio, they had no idea who the winner might be! 
You want think I cant wait until this is over and I never hear Donald Trumps name again, but thats going to happen no matter what. 
Kasich calls out Trump for condescending amp; degrading remarks about women while thanking his female supporters for leaving their kitchens." 
Interesting. 
Amazing. 
For what it's worth, I want everyone involved in the Democratic contests to help rebuild our party, register new voters and  
Finally, from one leader to another: Mr McConnell to Mr Trump: It Might Be a Good Idea to Condemn Violence 
What a great spirit. An amazing woman. MHarrisPerry  
Today is Election Day in 5 states: Illinois, Missouri, Florida, Ohio and North Carolina. This is your moment.  and bring a friend. 
3rd party candidates amp; independents are often ignored by the  Thus, they run as Democrats or Republicans to gain traction amp; expansion. 
'Trump! Trump! Trump!' attacker allegedly yelled as he beat Hispanic man, Muslim student 
Yes 
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something." --Plato. 
This is extremely disgraceful. Why Senator Sanders says he ran as a Democrat: Fof 'media coverage' 
Brace yourself. Pastor Joel Osteen blasted for speaking highly of Donald Trump 
I'm at a loss for words. It's time to chill. 
I'm familiar with the vilification and the demonization. 
If time permits, my plate is full this week. I'll follow you to get your info. 
Under our Constitution, there is no religious test. Stop the hate. 
Hey Joe. I said that he amplifies much of what we hear on AM talk radio. Hope all is well. 
ananavarro. Girl, all this drama almost makes you miss Jeb Bush. Nobody ever got overly excited at a Jeb Bush rally. Not even close! 
"Someday, we will be together." The Supremes! 
There is too much yelling all around. Remember when Mom said to use your inside voice? Lets all remember to use our Ben Carson voice. 
Is Trump fit to lead? GOP leaders waited until his vitriol became bombastic amp; now it's intolerable. Trump will not take any responsibility. 
Some early polls underestimate Independent voters who can vote in either primary. And the support of youths as well. 
The story for Tuesday is Florida and Ohio, because chances are that the story of the November election will be Florida and Ohio again. 
If that's your argument, let's see what NY voters do on 4/19. For now, Mr Trump is redefining traditional politics. 
I respect Matt. We respectfully disagree on SEC sports, NFL teams, MLB scores, but he's an honest and decent soul. 
And we haven't heard the last of it. Trump amplifies the same basic vitriol. And he knows better. 
They are extremely respectful and tolerant of women amp; other views. matthewjdowd, BillKristol amp; jorgeramosnews 
Gwen is well respected because she's smart, classy amp; a brilliant journalist. I'm a retired grassroots organizer. 
Just remember, every eligible citizen should have a right to vote and have it counted. So, go knock yourself out. 
Can't wait to join discussion on  vacancy ThisWeekABC with GStephanopoulos. Also matthewjdowd, BillKristol amp; jorgeramosnews. 
Prayers for my beloved Louisiana. Stay safe. I know y'all have boats, but try to avoid the raging flood water. 
 Yesterday, Wyoming voters went to Cruz and DC voters gave Rubio a second wind. But, it's  that keep the  stirred up. 
What's on your menu? The best two words this time of year:  
DCGOP will post results of   in turmoil. 
Read this over and over again. 
Meanwhile, the GOP front runner is about to be overtaken by events. 
Just say no comment 
Trump has boasted about the people he has brought into the Party. The people he brought in are going to wreck the party amp; steal the keg. 
Republican Senators are trying to shut down the Supreme Court nomination process like protesters are shutting down  
There has been so much anger and divisiveness at  that we almost forgot about all the anger and divisiveness in Washington. 
 
Stay safe! 
Before you react, please read this folks. Brentnyt 
What took you so long  
Can  own some of the responsibility or just blame others?  
Given the vulgarity and insults, it should be a lot higher. 
Congratulations to HillaryClinton! 
Very sad turn of events. Folks, at the end of this contest, we either come together or break apart. Stop the hate! 
So sad. 
Well.  
Just quote the candidate and his own words. Since he owns the daily news cycle, Run the tapes.  
Donald Trump gets "wall to wall" coverage to promote the size of his crowds amp; his polls. Now this. 
On  Stuart Stevens Says Trump "Is Running As George Wallace," And "Exalting In This Thugocracy" 
The GOP leadership should have shut down the hate speech, tone and tenor years ago with the birther nonsense. 
tedcruz got it right on  But what took him so long? Leaders must lead. Where's  Carson and  
The GOP front runner owes us a speech on intolerance amp; his words. Obama Speech: 'A More Perfect Union' - YouTube. 
It's not just  who must once amp; for all condemn this era of intolerance. Stop picking on immigrants, minorities amp; others. 
Agree with VanJones68. This is a moment and  needs to step up and address this fissure like the President did back in 2008. 
Bloomberg's Mark Halperin: Trump's "Attitude Is Way Too Cavalier" About The Violence At His Events 
ABC's Matthew Dowd: Trump's Campaign Creates "An Environment" For Violence At Rallies 
Mr Trump should use this moment to reflect on his language, his tone amp; the language used to stoke anger. 
It's shameful and sickening to see  justifying violence of any kind, anywhere to promote candidacy. 
 
Agree 
Hang in there. Louisiana's weather will make you resilient. 
Rubio lacks vision and a compelling narrative to win. He's the same old, same old in new leather. 
Just landed in Arizona. Wow,  is stuck on stupid. 
In honor of  Shirley Chisholm was a "phenomenal woman." 
This is wrong. Wrong. Wrong. 
 should refuse to accept the endorsement of any Senator since they belong to an institution that he despises. benfergusonshow 
 getting a Senator to endorse him is like Donald Trump getting an endorsement from the National Review. 
 Frozen to perfection. 
Oops another delay and gate change. What's up American Airlines? I've done my 10,000 steps and it's not nightfall. 
Can we simply wait and see how tonight unfolds before we write off  He's not done yet. 5,4,3,2,1 amp; done. 
Bottom line: in 2016, if you want to make a difference, get prepared to vote. If you want to make a point, whine. 
Thanks Boo. Add your own message. 
It's coming. Trump should say: In 1991, I condemned  when he was the GOP nominee for Gov of Louisiana. 
Can I come and enjoy? 
Women are fans of football. 
fmgesq. Guess the soap didn't arrive in time for you to wash your mouth amp; hands after the last  Stay away from remote control. 
Number 4 requires that in 242 days you get ppl to the polls. Text your family and friends weekly until Election Day. 
Women are more attracted to the size of your heart than fill in the blank. Besides, if you have to brag about it.. 
What did your Mother teach you? It's not what ppl call you, it's what you will answer to. Ignore  bullies. 
My faith is in the ppl who will decide to vote rather than suffer through the consequences of allowing hate to win. 
Call 911. Why do you think the  is so interested in disrupting the  Fool's errand seanspicer. 
ananavarro. My cab driver is asking why I'm leaving  before  My reply: it might turn into a  rally or  
Why do we have to fight to spend our tax payer funds on the urgent needs of the ppl vs tax breaks for the wealthy? 
Ain't that mis behaving? 
 
ananavarro secupp KevinMaddenDC amandacarpenter and the multitude of Trumpettes. This Democrat is signing off for  Have fun. 
Great advice to  tis the time to act presidential. 
Viewers Guide for  1. Put children to bed 2. Pour a beverage 3. Pray candidates behave 4. Get ready to vote Democratic! CNN 
Add to your reading list this weekend. 
 where dissent is punished with acts of violence. Freedom of speech is a core value.  
Thank you Governor 
Hours before the  I'm having a tough time leaving  Okay, I'm going to just watch it on CNNgo  
Please stand up today. When it comes to women in politics, violence is  
Whether you're a voter, activist, leader, prime minister, or president, you have a role in ending violence against politically active women. 
Let's not forget to celebrate Women's Histor Month. Read: A hidden reality: Violence against women in politics CNN 
Speak! Long before  started to build a wall, the GOP was for putting up fences. 
Thank you 
President Obama said "one of my few regrets [as president] is my inability to reduce the polarization and meanness in our politics." CNN 
Okay,  was a boxer and I like his  Don't make me  on you. Just kidding. Go find your joy 
MeghanMcCain, ananavarro amp; my friend  are all remarkable women, smart sisters amp; compassionate ppl. 
As the world turns, we are here CNNPolitics being young and restless. 
Don't spoil my lunch? 
Have you seen that hot tattoo on the   made the best choice.  
I love  And  
Tonight  could be a barn-burner. But then overt attacks seem to rebound, as  learned.  CNN 
Thank you  for bringing new voters into the process, and there are now 100,000 new online voters.  registration is key. 
CNN manufactured home away from the bureaus. 
ananavarro is showing off  before the  CNNPolitics 
Hillary has been hit with so much that she is going to develop an immunity to kitchen sinks. 
hughhewitt. Last night, the  moderators were as tough on the candidates as the Republican candidates are on each other. 
 was pretty brutal. Many more debates like this and both candidates will be able to handle anything  can serve up. 
 Tonight. CNN. Nobody wants to take a real bite out of  because nobody wants that taste in their mouth.  
  Hillary amp; Bernie got questions about Donald Trump! Trump is even a disruptive presence at Democratic debates. 
What's on your menu? I'm soaking up the sunshine amp; warm breezes. The  is over in time for the candidates to fire up supporters. 
Thank you JoyAnnReid for your amazing reporting and truth telling. 
Be safe. 
The press likes to conduct surveys and some of my colleagues respond. My answer is always I will remain unoledged! 
As a United States Senator, your constituents (yes, I have family here) were embarrassed too. 
Can't wait to hear what Axe has to say. 
Democratic debates are spirited. The GOP debates are dispiriting. Watch   CNN. 
Are you watching the  sponsored by  CNN is simulcasting the debate. Tune in now. 
Oh my! 
Sorry, trying to turn off my devices. Continue the fight for  
Wheels up to Miami for the  But, I promise to continue thebfight for Flint. God bless you all. 
This will become the new anti Trump ad or talking pundit. 
If you're going to play the game, understand the rules. Oh, it's not over. Get ready to vote in OH, MI, IL, NC amp; MO. 
It's a race for delegates -- not just winning states. 
Geaux CNNPolitics 
My Lord. 
My three cents: you cannot win with blue smoke and mirrors. Deploy your surrogates, use your volunteers amp; work hard. 
Both this year and in 2008, the African-American vote was the difference for Hillary. But this year shes on the right side of that vote. 
Michigan was a nail-biter, but for Bernie Sanders it didnt bite quite as hard. 
Polling Dems in an open primary is misleading. But Clinton campaigning in a few cities is a bad strategy. 
Congratulations to BernieSanders. What an impressive victory in   
Congratulations to HillaryClinton. Hillary Clintons margin of victory in Mississippi was as wide as the Mississippi River. 
True 
Victory 
Stay in line. 
Ready for results on  CNN has your number. Polls, delegates amp; the best political team on the planet. 
Rubio won big in Puerto Rico, and his best state today may well be Hawaii. If the US were all islands, Rubio would be leading the race. 
For coverage of  watch CNN. Tonight we might find out if Donald Trump is for real or if this was all just a bad dream. 
Michigan is the biggest prize today. Lets remember that Michigan would be a smaller prize if Pres Obama hadnt saved the auto industry. 
I'm offended too. We should all be offended. 
Speak up! We ain't going back. Support progressive lawmakers. 
Don't forget it's Election Day in Michigan, Mississippi, Hawaii and Idaho.  on  
Another  Or the hunt for delegates. 
 
We are a stronger and more prosperous (not to mention joyful) world when we embrace diversity in all its forms.  
Women's equality is not a slogan -- it's a goal to be more inclusive, to open doors so the brilliance of women can be a part of everything. 
As we celebrate  let's not forget that we are not there yet. Our March for equality amp; justice for all continues. 
The GOP establishment likes to control the narrative. Trump has exposed some fissures.  
Since  Duke/KKK slip up, the GOP establishment has run away from  What took them so long? 
I'm ending my long, long day (I love you  Michigan) on this note. Back to work CNNPolitics in a few hours. 
Awkward reality for Bernie Sanders: A strategy focused on whiter states 
Orlando! 
This is America! Giving back and paying it forward. 
Super Tuesday -- the sequel starts today. It's your chance to vote in Mississippi and Michigan, along with Idaho and Hawaii (GOP only). 
Tonight, I used the phrase "trailer parks" versus "manufactured homes." My point is poverty is bi racial and generational. 
Nike suspends relationship with Maria Sharapova after tennis star said she failed a drug test - CNBC via breaking 
GOP (Gridlock, Obstruction and Partisanship) standing firm on SCOTUS blockade via POLITICO. Do your job! 
Kasich on Clinton: 'She better watch what she's saying' via POLITICO. Governor, save lives not politicians. 
This is the state of the  
Games ppl play. Yes, Mitt Romney Could Actually Become The Republican Presidential Nominee via thinkprogress 
Agree 
Now, they hide behind Trump's coarse language. 
More than $100 million in federal funding to address the water crisis in  Mich., is being held up by Sen. Mike Lee.  
Tonight, the crisis in Flint finally got some attention, via the  The Republicans were too busy with their own toxicity. 
The GOP candidates only spent a few seconds on  Ironicthe atmosphere in the GOP race is almost as toxic as the water in Flint 
Sen. Sanders and Sec't Clinton managed to disagree emphatically without making disparaging remarks about each others hands. 
Democratic debates are spirited. The GOP debates are dispiriting.  CNN 
Lots of ppl backed the bill. 
True, as FLOTUS she had no vote, but is being held responsible for what her husband did. Ask what will she do. 
The  has more fireworks than the 4th of July. But, I'm delighted to hear directly from the ppl of Michigan. 
Congratulations to Bernie Sanders for winning the Maines Democratic caucuses. TheDemocrats 
The residents and children of Flint deserve clean water -- it's a human right. Help out. get involved: Go to: 
Get ready for cnn  live from Flint. 8pmET. 
From one of my favorite writers. Read: Mourning more than the loss of Nancy Reagan 
First, it was Sen. Ted Cruz, now Utah Sen Mike Lee who is delaying  funding: It's 'grandstanding' via freep 
A more accurate description. Remembering Nancy Reagan, Her Involvement in AIDS Crisis  
RonReaganShow. Deepest condolences to you and your family. Losing a mother (or Father) is always painful. 
Mrs Reagan (thanks to Maureen Reagan) also supported  Let's be respectful and show compassion. 
Some ppl forget that she challenged her husband to recognize the plight of those impacted by HIV/AIDS.  
Today marks the 51st Anniversary of  -- the March to secure voting rights of all Americans. Let's March to  
Remember, it's Election Day in Maine (Democrats will caucus until 8pm) and GOP primary in Puerto Rico. Get the results CNNPolitics. 
Totally agree. 
My thoughts amp; prayers go out to the entire Reagan family as they mourn the death of former  NancyReagan. Rest in everlasting peace. 
The leaders of the Republican Party must sort out their mess and end the bitterness of the raging internal civil war. "Without a vision ..." 
If you're for  vote for her. If you're for  vote for him. This is your chance to vote. Don't sit this one out. 
Trust me, it's easy to watch a circus than to sit through a serious policy discussion, but that's what make Democrats stand out in 2016. 
While the GOP candidates mock one another, and insults more than half the American ppl with their tone and bad policies, Dems offer change. 
HillaryClinton amp; BernieSanders will discuss plans to help solve the  create more jobs and educate more Ppl.  
Tonight, if time permits, please watch the  in Flint, Michigan CNN 8pmET. TheDemocrats UMFlint. CNNPolitics. 
 
When you poison ppl, you have to hold those responsible to fix the problem. It's outrageous to remain silent. 
This should answer the question of whether Dems can regain their mojo to compete against the GOP this Fall. 
Good morning Sunday. 
Sorry I'm late, but I second this analysis. 
True dat 
If  can build a firewall of brick and mortars (not hot air), next week belongs to the GOP establishment. 
What's  path to victory? Florida? Is it paper endorsements from elected leaders or a real ground game?  has real mojo! 
Stop covering  Stop asking if Democrats should be worried. He's no longer running a serious campaign. 
GOP likes  when he attacks  What is he saying tonight? Where's the gratitude for those who voted for him?  
Trump's strategy of winning delegates without organization or infrastructure will not produce results to win. GOP establishment prevails? 
 gives HillaryClinton a very special victory tonight. Louisiana voters know who was there to help rebuild post Katrina. 
Congratulations! Another victory for BernieSanders in the State of Nebraska.  Next up  
Congratulations to  victory in the  Tonight, you proved the revolution is gathering delegates. BernieSanders! 
For the 1st time in 20 plus years, I'm missing the  But, here in  -- where I should be to help fellow citizens. 
cajunhusker. Thanks for your service. As the proud daughter of a Vet with 4 bronze stars for his service, we are grateful.  
Numbers don't lie. Sorry, Louisiana voters rejected  mishandling of the state's budget. Just ask  
Back to politics. Watching CNNPolitics on  Live coverage in real time with the best political team. Hosted by wolfblitzer. 
rochelleriley. Thanks for being a part of our day in Flint. CNN 
Without an organization, it's tough to win or accrue delegates to secure the party's nomination. 
Large crowds, but without an organization, they become spectators -- not voters. Can he win in closed contests? 
Anther dazzling deception. He didn't lead Louisiana into the future, Jindal tried to destroy Louisiana's future. 
rochelleriley: Proud, no, honored to help. Glad to be a CNN contributor. Met some of the BEST in the biz in the church parking lot! 
Madam Chancellor Dr Susan Borrego, UMFlint checking out workspace.  starts tomorrow 8pm ET. 
Guess where I'm at now? The media center at the University of Michigan Flint campus. cnn TheDemocrats debate. 
Thank you CNN for organizing this day of service for us to give back to the community. 
I've gone door to door to register voters amp; for Halloween. But never to deliver water to families who lack access to safe drinking supplies. 
 Tomorrow the TheDemocrats will address this crisis and more.  CNN 
Almost done with delivery. My CNN colleagues are awesome. We went door to door to deliver much needed supplies. 
Thank you Bishop Kirby and the ppl of Racine, Wisconsin for sending supplies and lead water kit.  
I'm spending my day serving and helping out. We have to hold everyone accountable. But let's help the ppl of  
If you want to help those suffering or volunteer here in Flint, go to or They need diapers. 
rolandsmartin. Several ppl gave you a shout out. NYjusticeleague. Thanks so much. We are still distributing food and water. CNN 
Still unpacking food amp; water from all across America. Love and kindness. Let's help fellow citizens in need. Thanks. 
Too all who sent packages to the NYjusticeleague, your packages are being delivered. What a blessing. Thank you 
Inside Joy Tabernacle distributing baby food, supplies and sanitation supplies to  NYjusticeleague CNN 
Our new distribution site at Joy Tabernacle on North Chevrolet.  
After we reload our cars $ trucks, we are going back into the neighborhood. There's health screenings amp; filter kits 
Here with minsters from across the country. A great American city has been poisoned. We are here to help seniors. 
So many homes without water or filters. Humbling. No it's troubling.  cnn day of service. 
Here in Flint to help local residents install filters and providing water testing kits. cnn  
 of Hope. We're distributing water and helping local residents.  
 Kansas! 
 Louisiana! 
What's on your menu? Just landed in the Motor City. Heading to  to participate in a CNN service project. 
 a wonderful story teller. Another southern writer... 
Oh my.... 
Don't forget before Mitt tried to save the party, he worked to save himself. Chronicling Mitt's Mendacity, Vol. XLI" 
Gallup Daily: Obama Job Approval  
 
This is the sad state of  
 kills GOP autopsy 
After watching the  you know who I feel sorry for? The person who has to write the GOP's 2016 campaign "autopsy" next year. 
Still prefer the beer question or wine....But, leave it to the GOP candidates to raise if size matters... 
What a wonderful program. Proud to be a part of the  mission. 
"Change is created by those whose imaginations are bigger than their circumstances" -- Unknown source 
 Louisiana.  will make a resounding noise. NOLAnews 
What's on your menu? Dr. Ben should have stuck around for  He could have ended up looking better than anyone else on the stage. 
 
WhoDat? 
The  managed to be shocking and predictable at the same time. Add shameful. 
Great honor to be at DrewUniversity. 
Rubio is clueless. Governor Synder had ample time to address the  and failed. You like to drink water right? Go to Flint! 
After yet another  the biggest thing we learned that even nastiness can get boring and repetitive. 
The Trump platform that Mitt Romney just attacked looks a lot like Mitt Romneyamp; 
That's fair. 
I would say this debate could be only for mature audiences, but maturity has nothing to do with it.  
Its quite possible that the GOP can prevent Donald Trump from clinching the nomination. But can they run Not Trump as a candidate? 
The time to stop Mr.Trump was back before GOP candidates (like Mitt Romney) routinely sought his endorsement and others sought a bromance. 
Since I'm in the New Jersey (Garden State), Donald Trump will never forget what Chris Christie did for him. But neither will anyone else. 
The GOP is caught between a rock amp; a hard place. If Cruzs campaign sputters out, then all they have to deal with is that damn hard place. 
Rubio is becoming Trump in order to attack Trump. The really distressing part is that he really seems to be enjoying it.  
In the last  Rubio landed a few punches, but all that he proved was that Donald Trump can take a punch. And win more states... 
The good news is Gov. John Kasich will try to look presidential. Bad newsthat doesnt seem to be what people are looking for.  
Tonight's  will be interesting, and the reaction to tonight should be even more interesting tomorrow. You can watch that CNN. 
Can the GOP live with  Thats a literal questioncan the Party survive if he is their candidate?  
On my way to  in New Jersey. If it's Thursday, I'm making my rounds to another great American institution. Number 180 tonight 
Four candidates left and it's an all out civil war. I'm going to miss the live coverage of the 2016 Mud wrestling contest or  
Ben Carson criticizes Romney remarks on Trump, saying they are 'not helpful' - Yahoo News via breaking 
You think? 
Trump's policies have been embraced by the other GOP candidates. Is it the message or the messenger that Romney wants voters to reject? 
 wanted  help in 2012, but now ask potential voters to reject Trump in 2016.  Why now? Who's next? 
Trumps Rise Highlights Need to Reinvent the Republican Party  rages on... 
The GOP civil war rages. Meanwhile, the only way to take down Trump? A united Democratic front  Maria Cardona 
Remember folks, your vote matters. You have the right to vote and participate in electing the next President of the United States.  
The idea that party bosses will cut off his access to the media or stop Trump from attracting voters who wish him well is entertaining. 
The candidacy of Donald Trump is like a day time games show, a mid day soap opera and a nighttime reality event. It's never ending... 
For now, the news, daily chatter, soundbites, as well as the high stake debates favor the Republicans. Will this trend last? Yes! 
2008 was an historic year for in American politics for both Democrats amp; the country. More citizens were engaged amp; voter enthusiasm was high. 
Good read ahead of  What a Year of Racial Strife Has Taught Bernie and Hillary via TIMEPolitics 
Post  Tune in 
Let's continue to grow the economy for all to succeed and  so everyone can prosper. 
If you're an American citizen living abroad, don't forget your vote counts.  
It's no secret, ppl want to belong. Let's respect the dignity and worth of everyone on this planet.   
Support for HillaryClinton is built upon her personal friendships, and long, deep relationship with Black voters. 
Shameful. 
Opportunistic 
Truth 
Add: because they believed the Democrats never accepted  I disagree. Many Dems found ways to work with  
 
More hot air in Washington, D.C. 
Add number 5. He's not that funny. 
This is complete and utter chaos. What do you tell voters: Your voice is not important? Good bye Republicans! 
Can you believe this nonsense? Obstructionist Sen.Cruz Accuses Pres. Obama of Stoking Racial Divisions  
Trump is favorite to win the GOP nomination based on the number of states won and the ability to compete for delegates across America. 
Being favorite to win doesn't mean you're the winner. There's plenty of delegates left on the table. The race is just heating up.  
Hillary Clinton is the favorite to win the Democratic presidential nomination after winning 8 states, compared to 4 for Sen. Bernie Sanders. 
What's on your menu?  is officially over. But the race to win the nomination continues until a candidate secures more delegates 
Hillary Clinton Is Held to a Higher Standard on Race Because She's a Woman - The  via Cosmopolitan 
Ready for another recap of  Tune in to GMA in a few hours. The latest update with GStephanopoulos, matthewjdowd amp; myself. 
 
Wait, RNCResearch needs to update their files. 
MayaAngelouNews 
Oh come on. This election is not over. Take a chapter from the past, you play to win, not take your marbles and run. 
I'm not giving up on the South. We won in Louisiana. We have work to do. NeverSurrender. We work harder. 
It's only March. We have several more states like LA, KS, NB amp; ME by Sun. Next Tuesday: Michigan and Mississippi. 
This is a primary contest. The same non sense was said about Barack Obama when he won caucus states. Exhale folks. 
I'm not prepared to pivot to the general. But I have one prediction: post primary, the Democrats will unite. 
Be careful what you wish for. 
Welcome back. 
A win is a win. HillaryClinton captures big victories in TX, VA, AL, AR, TN, GA and MA. Plus American Somoa. 
Thank you VanJones68 for your leadership. 
Where?  If you go there looking for sunshine, he might find it cloudy. 
We can reach back and celebrate the milestones we overcame, but let's find ways to build a better future for all. 
March is  and why not celebrate?  
The Stop Trump or  will not materialize tonight. And it will get tougher. 
Trump is turning out new voters and a bunch who feels alienated and disgusted with politics. 
Let's not forget  and more. 
Hey Boo, I'm live tonight on ABC to digest the election results. Let's keep it real. We still have 35 more contests 
Congratulations to Vermont Senator BernieSanders on winning his beloved Vermont and for energizing voters across the country.  
Election results are trickling in from across the country. If you're still in line, please stay and vote. It's not over until you vote. 
Happy  RT if you agree: As we celebrate the victories that women have won, we must keep making progress. 
What's on your menu? If the weather is bad, but you failed to vote early or absentee, please Geaux vote.  
There is plenty of time for Congress to fulfill its responsibility to give the Presidents  nominee a fair hearing and timely vote 
What's on your menu?  It's time to get your voting groove on across America.   
Geaux Vote Virginia. 
Wise man. 
Here's a good history of the  splcenter 
He will declare victory no matter the results! 
It's called reimbursement vs in kind contribution to campaign. But, is it disqualifying? 
 
It's officially donlemon's birthday. Go ahead and send him a nice pair of socks or a jingle.  is for real.  
If  wins big tomorrow, he may be unstoppable. So it's up to the voters, not just the politicians to embrace or rebuke Trump! 
The so called establishment has been trying to stop Trump for months, with no success. I don't see what they do now that will change that. 
The opposition may solidify Trump's support as the 'outsider.' Trump has bullied his way through the primaries. Can he continue to do so? 
ABC News Report: Trump Spoke About David Duke In 2000 
How Trump Acknowledged David Duke On CNN In 1991: "I Hate Seeing What It Represents" 
Folks, this is a must read. Mr Trump is the GOPs Frankenstein monster. Now hes strong enough to destroy the party. 
DNC Chair: Its Not Just Trump on Discrimination and Prejudice  
Marco Rubio went after Trump's 'university,' despite his love for shady universities via FusionNews 
Senator Jeff Sessions just endorsed  
The  has a long history of acts of domestic terrorism. The late Sen Robert Byrd of WVA renounced his ties. 
Thank you TulsiGabbard for your service to TheDemocrats. Let's continue to work on protecting the vote amp; restoring the  
Let's get this right. During  what voters went to the polls to weigh in on  
Good luck defending the indefensible! 
Good Morning New York! Let's get busy with  But first, saying grace to start off this day.  
"Hail Mary, full of grace." Oh come on, let the voters decide.... 
Thank you for your service. What a tragedy. 
Rest in peace. 
Yes indeed. That's was pure basketball 
Congratulations to HillaryClinton on her sweet victory in  The race is far from over, but you, your staff amp; volunteers did well. 
Fight for every Democratic delegate in every state. HillaryClinton BernieSanders. 
 on CNN with VanJones68, Bakari_Sellers, secupp, niaCNN, davidaxelrod, GloriaBorger, Bakari_Sellers amp; davidaxelrod 
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Asks Employees to Stop Crossing Out  Lives Matters on Office Walls via TheRoot 
Thanks to my parents amp; the core values they instilled in 9 children, we value each and every soul to live in dignity amp; respect regardless. 
In her memory, I shall continue to preserve and protect  and fight to raise the wages of ppl who work from sun up to sunset. 
Today, had she lived, my Mom Jean would have celebrated her 80th birthday. I miss her everyday, but even more on this day. Love, love, love 
What's next on the campaign trail? Watch ThisWeekABC with GStephanopoulos. I'm on the Roundtable /hughhewitt, KatrinaNation amp; greta. 
63,756 Reasons Racism Is Still Alive in South Carolina via thenation 
Thank you Britney, future leader! 
Thank you utarlington for hosting me last night. Don't forget, early voting ends today in Texas. Geaux Vote. 
Well, it seems the Rubio-bot has a setting for attack. 
ananavarro. Question: Did the candidates get designated squealers in the audience? If so, why didnt Kasich or Carson get one?  
At the  Senator Marco Rubio landed a few punches, but all that he proved may be that Donald Trump can take a punch. 
Finally watched  Cruz amp; Rubio ganged up on Trump. It was the first time that Ted Cruz has ever cooperated with another Senator. 
Trump can't take a hit from Rubio. 
Who knew? 
Thoughts and prayers for the victims and their families. We must do more than pray.  
What's on your menu? Here at  in the LoneStar State. 
Agree.  
Cruz holding up Flint aid deal in Senate Come March 8th, Michigan voters should place his ambitions on hold. Agree? 
Another sign of greed and selfishness. 
Too many folks hate on the federal government until they need relief from a storm, tornado, flood or fire. Let's help the ppl of Flint! 
The truth is we should all be outraged by the  and the Republican Governor should condemn  for blocking relief.. 
Where's Trump to call this man out for being selfish, self centered and narcissistic? Wonder if it was Dallas..? 
It was backed by Black ministers, members of Congress and others. It was in response to a crisis and poorly planned. 
I admire people who can ask for forgiveness. Clinton on 'superpredator' remarks: 'I shouldn't have used those words' 
Martin Luther King Jr. once said, "Faith is taking the first step even when you cannot see the entire staircase." What's holding you back? 
When you register to vote, you're invited to the party (jury duty, running for office). But, once you start voting, you get asked to dance. 
We must look beyond the past. Let's not forget the future is in our hands. Please, get your voting groove on. 
 is 21st century representation.  
 
Girl, we had a nasty storm here in DC. Could be the flood alarm. Calm down weather. Calm down rain, wind, amp; soul. 
Powerful narrative. Those 7 words every black child must know. Substitute words that we must teach our kids. 
 Beyonce 
Sign me up for  
anthonyanderson speak the truth.  ABCNetwork 
Thank you algore.  
Here's  dilemma. With another 3rd place finish, TrusTed just got DusTed. Again. Ouch. Thanks Bruce, that's a good one. 
If Marco Rubio has a plan to win, it doesnt seem to include winning. Marco, if 2nd place was really a win, we would all be winners. Yeah! 
If Senator Marco Rubio has a plan to win, it doesnt seem to include winning the 1st four states to hold a primary or caucus.  
Its not that it will take a long time for  to wrap things upit will just take a long time for it to sink in.  
The nomination would be considered clinched if this were anybody except  Well now its looking clinched even if it IS Trump. 
 wins  The inevitable just got a little more inevitable. That doesnt quite make sense but none of this does. 
What's on your menu? Home sweet home. I'm working up a few tweets ahead of tomorrow's  Hosted by CNN starting at 8:30 p.m. ET. 
President Obama nominates Hayden. She would be first African American, first woman to lead Library of Congress. 
If you're interested in the black vote, read: South Carolina will decide Sanders' and Clinton's fates via msnbc 
Good editorial, Senate Republicans Lose Their Minds on a Supreme Court Seat 
Please read and share President Obama's blog widely. A Responsibility I Take Seriously via scotusblog 
No, Joe Biden Didnt Say That The Senate Should Block Supreme Court Nominees During An Election Year thinkprogress 
Donald Trumps Las Vegas Hotel Vows To Continue Quashing Workers Union Effort via thinkprogress. 
Is this a medley? 
Mastered the minor and amplifying the anger. 
This is a seismic moment in the  Trump has mastered the minor in American politics. He amplifies anger. 
"We need to reshape our own perception of how we view ourselves. We have to step up as women and take the lead."Beyonc. Stand w/ Beyonce. 
Powerful moment. Black mothers who lost children to violence help Hillary Clinton appeal for gun control 
They say that  will do anything to win. But he hasnt tried anything after Iowa that worked in  or  
 claims to be best equipped to win the general election. Thats only true if you dont count being nominated as part of that. 
 says Kasich should pull out because he has no path to the nomination. If Rubio has one, why does he need Kasich to pull out? 
The only thing we know for sure is that, no matter how well he actually does tonight,  will give a victory speech tonight. Agree? 
Please be safe y'all. 
Thank you. From time to time, it's important to see how much POTUS has done. Where do we go from here?  
 is better than (fill in the blank). BernieSanders was great. Now, it's time to hear HillaryClinton. CNN  
My question to Hillary: How did you go from being a "Goldwater Girl" to a Civil Rights worker. And what do you tell Tea Party folks now? 
HillaryClinton has a little cough. Hot water, lemon, ginger and a little honey will calm down a hoarse voice.  
Honestly, it will take a village (community organizers) for us to heal the wounds and come together as Americans. 
Meanwhile in the  ... Let's honor those who have sacrificed for us all. NOLAnews 
All of us remember when we went natural. And it's beautiful.  
Yes. Beyonce has every right to educate and inspire.  
 Beyonce is using her power to help reshape the narrative. Use your power to vote.  CNNPolitics.  
70 percent of Black women are registered to vote -- that's more than any other group - by gender, race or ethnicity. Use your voting power. 
Thank you Kyla. Be yourself. You're so beautiful and this is your turn to help lead us forward on race relations.   
Once the standard is set, someone will come along amp; change the goal post. So, be yourself. That's truly authentic. 
You know why I enjoy both the format along with watching the  you get to hear from "actual voters," and it's refreshing. CNN 
Like you, I've read most of her emails. And if her transcripts are anything like the emails, it's not worth the fuss 
Oh no. As soon as the  is over, I plan to savor this night. 
 and  together at  But, I'm cooking jambalaya at home as ChrisCuomo moderates. 
CNN is hosting another  Sanders just finished. He addressed a host of issues, including saving  amp;  vacancy. 
Hang in there y'all. 
Yuge? How yuge? Long night for us watching  results. Take a long walk, stretch, do yoga and then watch. 
For Republicans, they have one rule: unless they are in charge, the rest of us must suffer. It's time to get your voting grove back. Agree? 
This is what it means to have a Congress willing to block and obstruct than work for common ground.  
Watching the  in  Listen to how the candidates discuss issues facing the country. It's your turn to vote. 
My friends and colleagues.  -- first in the South. It's your turn to vote. No excuses. Get ready! 
What's on your political menu? I'm home watching cnn town hall featuring BernieSanders and HillaryClinton.  
Hope everybody is safe. Kenner, Reserve a amp; LaPlace, Louisiana. You're in my thoughts and prayers. Be safe y'all. 
Thanks AriMelber. Here's the letter of obstruction. 
Yes, it matters that you register to vote and not simply vote on occasion. Vote every election. Run yourself.  
For all of you who tweet, text, blog or post, stop for one moment and think of what is happening right now. 
So convenient to find ways to obstruct and block President Obama.  
Correction: the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony will be held tomorrow. For more details, contact impsoncivilrights.org for conf call. 
Several of the marchers will not be there. But we owe it to them to continue the March to  Let's not forget their sacrifices. 
At 3pmET, Congress will award the Congressional Gold Medal to those brave souls who led the March for voting rights and equal justice. 
Close it down now! 
if there's anyone who can beat cancer, it's you clairecmc. You're in my thoughts amp; prayers. Will say a novena on your behalf. Blessings. 
HHS is doing everything they can to support state and local community efforts in    
Nevada caucus calamity worries GOP 
Ben Carson said President Obama was raised white. 
Oh my 
SteveMTalk. Disagree. Don't blur the lines between law enforcement sworn to uphold and off duty consulting. Taxpayers deserve protection. 
JamilahLemieux. I spent 2 days listening amp; reviewing before reacting.  understands the nuance of the moment and she captures it. 
Thank you donlemon for bringing this conversation on air. CNNTonight. Thanks Bakari_Sellers and other guests. 
This conversation has become too toxic.  was expressing a truth not condemning law enforcement officials. 
For the record, I enjoy stirring the pots, but if you're not at the table, you're simply on the menu. Women need to be at the table too. 
We need more women at the  where decisions are made and not just in the kitchen stirring it up. Agree? 
 Her artistry is transformational. Let's not forget that many Blacks wear the blue uniforms.  is needed. 
Seas Are Rising at Fastest Rate in Last 28 Centuries 
How Jeb Bush Spent $130 Million Running for President With Nothing to Show for It 
Analysts Question Viability of Deep Tax Cuts Proposed by Republican Candidates 
Happy Birthday KSoltisAnderson 
hughhewitt on donlemon celebrating the 2nd anniversary of turning 25. 
Kasich: Women 'Left Their Kitchens' to Help Me Get Elected to Office - ABC News - via ABC. Can you imagine that? No 
It's time to engage women in a conversation about the  Please join the call (or cause). GenderWatch2016. 
Well, I strongly agree. Charles Koch should put his money where his mouth is 
It's your turn, please apply now. Fulbright Seeks More Diverse Pool of Scholars and Students via chronicle 
Roland Martin On Trump: Republicans "Invited Evil In, Now Evil Is Taking Over"  Video  RealClearPolitics 
Republican Leader Mitch McConnell Recognized the Senates Duty to Consider Supreme Court Nominations. Why Stop Now? 
16 Years After Bush v. Gore, Still Wrestling With Ballot-Box Rules 
The new shape of the Republican race 
Painful. AP EXCLUSIVE: Damning study finds a 'whitewashed' Hollywood 
Rev. Jesse Jackson to South Carolina Churchgoers: 'If You Voted Yesterday, You Need a Real Prayer' via bpolitics 
While you were sleeping... 
Sorry, this is the correct preview. 
Water please! 
Check out ThisWeekABC with GStephanopoulos featuring the roundtable with my friends rolandsmartin, matthewjdowd amp; alexcast. ABC 
Tune in cnn. 
Look at that line up. 
Donald Trump is heading to  The only sure bet in Nevada is that the house will eventually come out ahead. 
Our impossible expectations of Hillary Clinton and all women in authority 
GOP-CAN ANYONE STOP TRUMP? It doesnt look like anyone can stop Donald Trump, and that includes Donald Trump. 
Still, in Rubios favor is the fact that close does count, both in horseshoes and in punditry. 
Polls show Donald Trump is very competitive with evangelical voters. This means Ted Cruz will have to build a new southern firewall. 
Still, Bernie Sanders populist message did very well in the  Theres a reason that its called populist.  
DEMOCRATS: Hillary wins  A win is a win, and win is what she needed. Nobody minds a close call if the call goes your way. 
A few more thoughts: Jeb Bush is out. You can replace Jeb's exclamation point with a period. End of sentence. 
Now Rubio will get all that donor money that had gone to Jeb Bush. And weve seen how much good that money did for The Bush campaign. 
Yet another state Senator Marco Rubio didnt win, and he still gives a victory speech. Can he do that all the way to the GOP convention? 
 path forward is clear, which is ironic because nobody can figure out how he got this far in winning two states. 
From every conventional viewpoint, Trump did about everything he could possibly do to lose South Carolina, and he still won. That's huge. 
tehpwbh didn't read my tweet. Read what the Governor said... Thanks and bless you. 
stanley3smith3. Did you see the exit polls in  Don't react without facts. 
derekahunter I'm referring to the audience....and diversity and inclusion matter all the time, not just on Election Day. 
Jeb Bush Bows Out of Campaign, Humbled and Outgunned 
Recap so you can sleep in tomorrow (kudos) Donald Trump wins South Carolina; Jeb Bush ends White House bid 
Big, big morning on CNNSotu. But, I now get the day off from work. Guess, I will write a column or tweet it out. 
They look like a Benneton ad that is trying to push policies that are past tense. If I was in PR for Benneton, Id be worried. 
Campaigning for Marco Rubio with SC Sen. Tim Scott, SC Gov. Nikki Haley said the trio looked like a Benneton ad. The audience, not so much. 
 tries to remain above the fray, mostly because he doesnt do well in frays. 
 is acting as if he won. Now, he's counting on an army of volunteers a few of whom seem to have impressive skills in Photoshop. 
Ohio Governor John Kasich was not a good fit for the  -- and I mean that as a compliment.  is misunderstood. 
Look at how tight the  race is for second place. It's  for the silver. 
 is paying tribute to  who has suspended his campaign for the GOP nomination. Class act in a very bitter battle. 
 would never have condone this shameful behavior. Folks, we have 2 good candidates in Democratic race. 
realDonaldTrump won  Retail, retail another day to win  Ground game matter. Advantage  
 Or in my case,  
 will suspend his campaign. Thanks for your service. There's no reason to spend another day running just to come in 3,4 or 5th. 
 sounds like this is the end of the road.  
I can verify this to be correct. Thank you Anita for praising this young activist. 
A day later but a lot to digest. Tune in tomorrow CNNSotu 9amET and again at 12noonET. CNNPolitics 
The South Carolina GOP primary is where political civility goes to die. 
If Governor Jeb Bush is an also-ran in South Carolina, its hard to see how he can also run many more places. But, he should stay in. 
 is projected winner in SC. Can he successfully battle the other candidates while also taking on George W. Bush amp; Pope Francis? 
Gumbo 
And credit to Bernie Sanders for making this race more competitive. 
Two should concede, 
Hmmm. I thought it was 117,000 on 2008. Let's see what turnout is for the GOP. 
 works for to get out the vote! The race continues to  next week. 
Congratulations! 
New registrations happening now in  Nevadacaucus. 
Democracy in action!  
This is very interesting. When Bernie Sanders ran against me in Vermont via BostonGlobe 
Character matters. 
On the day before the Republican  amp; the Democrats  ignore the latest polls and get out to vote or caucus. 
It's time to  Rather than discuss the latest "poll," should the media address this crisis? 
 
 
 
ananavarro 
kayleighmcenany on CNNTonight. A fervent  supporter and a great multi tasker and law student. 
 
CNNTonight live without me but with donlemon ananavarro amandacarpenter David_Gergen and more. 
Good job AC360 CNNTonight 
Guess what? We are all sinners. But, Donald Trump calls Pope Francis 'disgraceful' for questioning his faith 
What's in your menu? Just leaving AmherstCollege after a lively conversation in observance of  on "Race and American Politics." 
And with your spirit. Thank you  
 
Stand with  
Marco Rubio touts Foreign Relations work but, review shows, he missed 60 percent of hearings via TB_Times 
Ms Myers, students are the joy of my life. They don't come packaged as Dems or GOP. They're our gift to the future. 
A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian, said  
Calder_Capital SJ_Collection SalamanderVA I'm coming at the end of the month. 
Russian_Starr. I'm listed Boo! 
kdmhabs1963 thank you so much. I'm creating my own happiness today. Spread the joy! 
We can all shape tomorrow by working together. 
MoElleithee. So many of our proud graduates and soon to be graduates from georgetownhoyas on the campaign trail. Makes me happy... 
I'm proud to be a closet  Pour me another glass of red wine. Please. 
Kate, a former student and TA is in Boulder for  amp; Darius is running as a MD delegate for  What a joy!  
Note to the young activists amp; volunteers working to elect the next President of the United States: It's your turn and your moment. Seize it. 
 Remember Scalia brennancenter 
Here's more: No  for a year would be like a year without a Super Bowl. Just let the outcomes of the Conference Championships stand! 
No functioning  Nobody ever says Ill fight this all the way to the US Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit!  
The  stymied the Executive Branch of gov't and froze the Legislative. Now GOP wants to gridlock the Judicial Branch. Its a three-fer! 
Whew. Read, digest and share: This 1968 Report Highlights Exactly Why Reporting On Race Is Still A Disaster 
How The NY Times Is Helping Republicans Frame The Supreme Court Controversy 
2016s States with the Highest Political Engagement Among Blacks via WalletHub 
Amen: It was a pep talk for every woman who has watched in stunned silence as our louder, more brazen colleagues 
Wake up. It's a NewDay! "There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs." - Zig Ziglar 
Thank you  
 woman. AngelouQuotes 
Appointed under President Reagan, the 1st woman to serve on  agrees POTUS should nominate a replacement. 
It's a NewDay! As   in   head to  on  
And your Aunt Donna will rejoice too. Get some sleep young man. 
Ahhh. I was invited to be the in between school event. Not too old or brand new anymore... 
Soldiers blow up 5 myths about women in combat via motherjones 
What's on your menu? Watching the  with AC360. 
Read and share your thoughts. 
Guest column: Politics being shaken by three revolts via theadvocateno 
Heller Calls for Consensus SCOTUS Nominee 
Why Killer Mike's 'uterus' quip inflamed the Democratic Party's intergenerational struggle: 
Why not a Black woman? Influential Supreme Court expert says a dark horse candidate might fill Scalia's seat: 
"The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now" POTUS on the Supreme Court vacancy  
Toomey must stop voting - Opinion - The Times-Tribune 
Vice President Joe Biden may play important role in suggesting Scalia successor via delawareonline 
I've missed so much TV lately.        and more.... 
Bernie Sanders has been nipping at Hillarys heels for so long that he must know her shoe size. 
Justice Scalia dedicated his professional life to make sure it continued to function as the beacon of justice that our founders envisioned. 
From shutting down the federal gov't to threatening not to pay our debts to halting a nomination process before it has even begun. 
There is important business in front of the Supreme Court this term. The Republicans cannot continue to be the party of no." Agree? 
So true. 
Read and share. Everything You Need to Know About an Eight Justice Supreme Court via HuffPostPol 
Last I checked, we have one President at a time and Barack Obama has nearly a quarter of his second term ahead of him  more than 11 months. 
Republican hero Ronald Reagan said in 1988 (an election year): The Federal judiciary is too important to be made a political football. 
Hypocrisy. Senator Chuck Grassley's judicial nominee view differs from '08 via DMRegister. Call your Senators! 
Read: Dr Carson: Republicans Wouldnt Wait To Replace Scalia If We Held The White House via BuzzFeedAndrew 
Sen Pat Toomey cites non-existent precedent for not confirming SCOTUS nominee via sharethis 
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid to GOP: For the good of the country, stop your nakedly partisan obstruction 
Candidates should bring this up at their town hall meetings. Remove the barriers to eligible citizens voting. 
This is why it's important to register to vote in 2016 amp; turnout. It's the only way to hold politicians accountable. 
Wow. 
Thank you BarackObama. 
sfpelosi thank you for the recommendation. I love west coast oysters. 
What's on your menu? I'm in beautiful  enjoying good weather and nice food at Hog's Oyster Bar. 
nickguillory. Thank you for your graciousness. 
Dr Ben Carson is barely hanging on. He needs to win big in the  The surgeon may be the next one to get scrubbed. 
Jeb Bush is trying to staged the biggest comeback since Leo DiCaprios character in The Revenant. 
 shuts down the federal gov't, now it's  More Republicans Say Theyll Block Supreme Court Nomination 
SCOTUS Expert: Loretta Lynch 'Most Likely' to Replace Scalia via nbcnews 
As Obama Moves To Replace Scalia, The Press Enables Radical GOP Obstruction 
This is interesting. What the media really should focus on with the release of Hillary Clinton's emails via cjr 
Rubio exaggerates in saying it's been 80 years since a 'lame duck' made a Supreme Court nomination via PolitiFactFL 
"SNL" jokes about what happened "the day Beyonc turned black" via HuffPostEnt.  
The right wing groups and SuperPacs are spending millions to defeat  in the  primary. 
Honorable Charles Rangel of Harlem accepting the Percy Sutton Award. 
Former Rep Bobby Garcia of the Bronx who helped to push legislation to make Dr King's birthday a federal holiday. 
Here in Albany, NY honoring Rep. Charlie Rangel, former Rep Bobby Garcia. Former mayor David Dinkins presenting. 
  
Good job CBS for a vibrant  
 send condolences to family, colleagues, and the many friends of   
Exclamation point!!!!! 
 is trying to become the  at  while  is trying to direct traffic to his website. 
ananavarro. How can you listen to CruzvsRubio debate immigration reform without breaking into  What's the word? De nada? 
Jeb has removed the  And he's now full  or  StromThurmond Bush. Trump has gone presidential. Has he moved To the center? 
Here's why I respect and watch the  There's a conservative at the door. God bless them. But we need a  at  
Remember,  refers to   amp;  The goal in 2016 is to persuade swing voters. 
Sorry  CBSNews 
  just made the case of why progressives need to stop attacking each other and prepare for the battles ahead. 
Rubio: slow down. Breathe. Exhale.  The question is as follows:  has moved on, how can we move forward? 
Thank you BarackObama for your somber, but poignant remarks about  
How Scalia's Death Will Affect Pending Cases Before the Supreme Court via TIME.  action  
There's plenty of time to discuss his record of service, his opinions amp; more. For now, let's be mindful of his family. "Weeping may endure.. 
Condolences to the family, colleagues and friends of Justice  
Honestly, are you new to the game and need a course on the Rules? 
That last tweet was truly meant to be   
Try this: Don't forget to watch the  to figure out who to vote for. Watch the  for incentive to make sure you  
 Time to get to the grocery store to buy another bag of yellow popcorn (with coconut oil) to watch  More later. 
Next question for the  are you now or ever been a card carrying member of a major civil rights group? If so, please highlight... 
March on  Why you? Because there is no one better. Why now? Because tomorrow is not soon enough. It's your turn to lead.... 
Last point: don't believe all the jive about who marched last year or 4 decades ago, who will march tomorrow to  
When I advise candidates, I remind them that elections are not about what you've done. Bless you. It's about where do we go from here! 
If you want to reach  don't come with old platitudes on how many marches you attended or what hymns you can sing. That's old. 
During Jackson 84 campaign, I visited black churches 5-7 times a week. Sunday is when the regulars attend, but faithful worships all week. 
The battle for the holy ghost. Question: how many black churches will the Democratic candidates visit before  Answer: plenty. 
The stage is set for a knock out for one of the top tier candidates. Who will leave with the bronze at  
  is overheated. One of them will lose 1st place. The battle for number 2 includes Carson, Bush, Kasich and Rubio. 
 3 things to watch? Can Rubio rebounds from last debate? Carson's last stand or Kasich post NH glow. 
Dems watch  for entertainment. We watch  for information. But, I watch ScandalABC for pleasure. 
If you miss tonight's  please check out CNNSotu for analysis amp; a recap.  has a history of hard knuckle politics. 
The last time I sat down with hughhewitt, we had supper in  Tomorrow, we'll catch up on sports. 
Yep,  could have endorsed Gore, Gephardt, Simon, Dukakis or Biden. Jackson'88 defied expectations. 
 
As a veteran of Jackson 84, I remember "Our time has come!" Later, "Keep Hope Alive!"  
Note: she's said it a million times, but when you're defending a friend, it's better left unsaid.  vote. 
What? A rigged election in  You haven't seen nothing yet.  CBSPolitics 
Best of luck to you deray and all the candidates. 
 Nice guys rarely finish first. 
Reading Madeleine Albright: My Undiplomatic Moment 
I appreciate the work of Move On and others in expanding democracy for all. Thank you for respecting my position on  Peace! 
Final point: I do not support or have given time or money to any  And I am not a paid consultant to the DNC or any party entity. 
And I will continue to donate to both presidential candidates. They are my friends and I support the process to elect our nominee. 
Since Al Gore's race in 2000, I have not endorsed or supported a candidate in the primary. I've donated to BernieSanders amp; HillaryClinton 
Some  have already committed to a candidate, while others are neutral and may choose to not endorse. So, lobby and persuade. 
Like sports, know the rules. If you don't like the rules, speak up before kick-off. This game is underway to elect our nominee for  
TheDemocrats will work to ensure that every citizen is informed so that you can help us organize, register new voters amp; run as delegates. 
 do not wear capes or crowns, we are actively working to help elect Democrats from the bottom up. We work with everyone. 
The DNC's Rules and Bylaws Committee held open meetings and sessions all across the country. We received good input from party activists. 
The process of nominating a candidate for President of the United States didn't start this year. We started soon after the 2012 election. 
The TheDemocrats also appointed me to serve on the Rules and Bylaws Committee. Working with state and local parties, and the candidates. 
Voter registration and participation of all eligible citizens continue to be my life's work. That's why it's important to  
Back in 1984, I worked on the historic Jackson for President campaign -- a campaign that sought to register new voters across America. 
What's on your menu? As many of you know, I'm Vice Chair of TheDemocrats for Civic Engagement amp; Voter Participation. I'm a  
Report shows significant drop in uninsured rates among poor since passage of the Affordable Care Act.   
And you know what they will do with the cash.  
Hmmm.  
Don't forget it's  All Stars wknd: How Spike Lee, the NBA commissioner and ESPN took a stand on gun violence 
Powerful statement:  Lives Matter Co-Founder to Beyonce: 'Welcome to the Movement' via rollingstone 
Tell it. Read Feel the Bern or Give em Hill, but please, chill out 
What's on your President Day menu? Read this out loud to your conservative friends. The G.O.P. Created Donald Trump 
Sanders says heamp; be better for race relations than Obama 
People are asking if Hillary can revive her campaign! People! Jeb Bush just staged a comeback! Theres no such thing as dead in this race! 
Hillary pointed out that women make up a majority of those on the stage. Its like a theatrical production of The Women.  
 What would you do to improve race relations? Do some white Americans have a right to feel resentful? Good questions. 
Ahhh. That's an awesome idea. Late night comedy with a little soap opera flair. Maybe we will start with a podcast. 
There's room for more women amp; minorities as moderators, analysts amp; commentators. And for  as well. 
Louisiana in the house! 
Whether you're  or  you have a choice and that's what campaigns are about. After the voters decide, we must unite. 
There's something wrong with this debate over civil rights, criminal justice reform and which of the 2 candidates you're supporting. 
What's on your menu? Beyond Bernies Bros and 
Cleveland files claim against Tamir Rice estate for ambulance fees after shot by police via slate 
 
The next  is on PBS tomorrow night at 9:00 p.m. ET, or visit where you can livestream the action. 
sfpelosi: I've written a post about the  delegate scramble here ==gt; 
Read and share.....Sanders, Trump stun America CNN 
 leads by so much that its almost pointless to attack him. Hes too big to flail at. Agree? 
Governor Chris Christie will return to New Jersey to figure out his future..... and he may need a map or GPS to get back home. 
Hello America. Tonight, two winners on a long road to the  CNNPolitics. Get registered. 
What's the path forward? 
Congratulations to BernieSanders on a "huge" victory in  
You have the right to vote in   
  
If you're still in line when the polls close, you have the right to vote. Don't go anywhere. State officials must keep the polls open. 
Thank you. Marylands General Assembly cleared the way for 40,000 Maryland residents to regain their right to vote.  
It isnt President Barack Obama whom we should fear. We should be afraid of those who wish he did nothing and those who wish he would fail. 
Watch the performance before you launch into attack Beyonce mode. She's a gifted artist. 
 The halftime performance was dramatically performed to stir a conversation, not hateful dialogue. 
Folks, remember this. The GOP stands for Gridlock, Obstruction and Partisanship. This is simply disrespectful. 
What's on your  menu? It's also the  Geaux vote folks. It's your chance to shape this political season. 
Happy Mardi Gras!  
As a former campaign staffer amp; a volunteer for numerous candidates, let's give the folks running the campaigns a chance to succeed tomorrow. 
On the night before  it's time to say thanks to all campaign staff amp; volunteers working to  
 
And this candidate wants to be your commander in chief. 
Is immigration reform a deal breaker for GOP candidates? If so, send your responses to IngrahamAngle. 
If you are a new voter, don't forget to bring your voter identification to the polls.  
That's leadership. Bernie Sanders Tells Berniebros To Knock It Off  We Dont Want That Crap via thinkprogress 
Original_Maven Cokie is an original. 
ananavarro I plan to exercise more, eat less and be merry. I'm giving up winter for spring. 
maya angelou quote on women - Women, young or old, rich or poor, we have come a long way and are we there yet? 
Kudos to the  for keeping  and  under control. Congratulations to the  
 
That was the most incredible  ever. For the couch potatoes, it was a mover and a shaker.  
America's  
Beyonc got  spirit.   
JanelleMonae is my favorite. Sista, you're awesome.    
It's halftime, the sun sets in the west ( but it will rise in the east (   
BarackObama still playing the long game. 
My latest column. Candidates win when they challenge big money's role CNN 
Ready for  First, ThisWeekABC highlights  from NewHampshire w/ GStephanopoulos. What's your prediction for Tuesday? 
Rubio knew this was a key moment and came in unprepared.  
It wasn't even close. 
Once Impervious, Marco Rubio Is Diminished by a Caustic Chris Christie  
The crowd boos Trump and he says theyre all a bunch of donors. He may be the first Republican ever to use the term donors as an insult. 
Here's another thought post debate: Christie got the crowd to boo Rubio when he launched into his boilerplate speech.  
Final thoughts: Tonight, Chris Christie went after Marco Rubio! The only thing missing was Batman sound effects--WHAM! POW!  
More jobs created under President Obama in 12 months than 12 years under GOP presidents. That's a fact.  
Sadly,  wants to run against Barack Obama not   
Trump is being booed. He's losing his traditional cool.  
Nope 
Sadly, it worked well for Mitt Romney. President Obama won re-elect with 51 of the vote and 336 electoral votes. 
Yep. And the leader of  will likely call Dennis Rodman back to discuss. 
The  is heating up. This is a fight for the establishment lane and  is pushing  off the ramp (talking points) 
Rubio repeats his stump speech. That's not leadership, it's message discipline.  ABC 
And  
CNN being invoked at tonight's  
Carson invokes Reagan's 11th commandment in not taking on Cruz, but it doesn't appear that he's turning the other cheek.  ABC 
 ABC starts now. 
ABC  begins at 8pmET. "The Return of Donald Trump." Will Carson ask Cruz for a public apology? Tune in. 
Some Democrats will tune into the  on ABC tonight 8pmET. Here's a backgrounder. TheDemocrats 
Finally, well be missing Rand Paul, Mike Huckabee, and Rick Santorum although its not clear how much any of them will actually be missed 
Rubio with that super hydrated pitch will kick their butts with those fancy high-heeled boots of his.  tonight 9pmET 
Rubio will probably be the biggest target, which more than anything else tells you who came out of Iowa with the most momentum.  
Bush, Kasich, amp; Christie want to shut down Rubio like the Denver defense wants to shut down  Newton. And itll probably be just as hard. 
Donald Trump has a big lead in New Hampshire or as Mr. Donald would say, a yuge lead. Can he regain his mojo? Watch ThisWeekABC tomorrow 
Bush, Kasich, amp; Christie all have to have strong showings in New Hampshire. The only thing standing in their way is each other!  
In Iowa, NH, and South Carolina, Rubios strategy is 3-2-1. If he pulls it off, 3-2-1 would also function to count out Jeb's candidacy. 
The  takes place in New Hampshire. Thats convenientits where most of the GOP candidates live these days. ABC 9pmET. 
What's on my  menu? Stay warm, dream about  and plan to attend the ABC  No canvassing or ice skating. 
Ahhhhh, the saga continues.... 
Ahhhh, the saga continues. 
Check us out.  
True.....We cannot leave behind those with no means to defend themselves. 
Thoughts and prayers for the ppl of  
Time to watch my recorded version of the  
Heading into the NH race, the Democrats are fighting over who is more progressive. Republicans seem to fighting over who is most regressive. 
Thank you Trevornoah and the  for hosting an all star, bi partisan debate before  primary. 
hughhewitt and I broke bread tonight in  Now it's off to the TheDailyShow. 
New Hampshire votes on 2/9/2016. TheDemocrats 
es,i 
What's on your menu? Don't blame the snow or chilly temps. Boston is open. Heading to New Hampshire. 
This is what many female candidates must endure. Their appearance, their hair or the sound of their voice.  
BernieSanders is right on  
Thank you. Passion is gender neutral. 
True Dat! Nationwide targeting and not the last minute targeting when the election is over. 
Absolutely right. 
Dems need to identify, recruit and train 10,000 new candidates to run for office over the next 5 years.  
It didn't happen in SC. It needs to happen soon. 
The  is almost over. Watching from afar.  votes 2/9/2016. 
What a loss. The heavenly choir has added the amazing voice and soul of   Rest in Peace. 
Good news. We have a progressive, multiracial majority - now we have to do something about it. Must-read new book: 
Rubio likes to bluster. But he's never done anything tough. He backed away from immigration reform when it got hard. 
Good morning. It's time for a NewDay. 
True Dat 
The Silent Majority..... 
Honestly, I could listen to  every day. More, more, more.... 
It's not hard to  Bring it to a vote. Channel all the GOP leaders who took hard votes on this matter. 
Best answer so far on closing the "youth gap" 
That's fair. What's their policy on paid maternity leave? 
Fair? I think so. Here's What Iowa Really Meant To Hillary Clinton And Bernie Sanders - via ForwardProgs. 
It's hard to face the music when you enjoy listening to the sound of your own voice. 
What's on your menu? Join me later tonight post  CNNTonight /donlemon. We will go deep inside the race for the WhiteHouse. 
The Panthers are the most unapologetically black team in NFL history  via HuffPostSports 
It took another 45 years for Blacks in the south to vote. Now, it will take a "political revolution" to ensure we   
Hey folks, back in 1870, the 15th Amendment was ratified amp; gave Black men the right to vote. It would take 50 more years for women to vote. 
Thanks AriMelber for explaining the nuances of  preliminary hearing. Still confused? Ari will explain. 
Dr. Ben Carson holds a strange press conference to discuss Cruz dirty tricks via YahooPolitics. 
My LSU...'What are you doing here?' Black students tweet about experiences at LSU -- some painful, some affirming 
Worth a read before dinner time. Then And Now: Cam Newton And The Ongoing Plight Of The Black Quarterback 
And that was refreshing.  and practice civility. 
Say it. Thank you POTUS. 
More on this later...No, they don't drop out, they suspend their campaigns. It's hard to simply drop out. Takes time 
So who's dropping out of the   who visited Ferguson, Missouri and talked about  reform. 
The scene of a pending political accident... 
Cokie Roberts referring to  at the noisy rally: These are rallies, though, and its hard to do that at a rally. 
Morning Joe Invokes Almost Every Possible Sexist Meme In Segment On Hillary Clinton Screaming via thinkprogress 
Throughout my life in politics, I've fought for the inclusion of every soul to have a seat at the political table. We must not exclude now. 
Dr King had to appeal to and march on southern moderates. He had to press northern liberals to move a more progressive agenda. Amen! 
Under no circumstances will I ever disavow, dismiss or downplay my role in helping to elect Southern moderates to national office. Period. 
Okay, I'm a self identified progressive. But, as an activist, I spent years working for moderates down South. Geez.. 
Now that the debate over the  has been resolved, can we get back to energizing ppl to get out to vote this year? TheDemocrats 
Yes, It's on: We're getting four more Democratic debates 
How to Drop Out of the Presidential Race 
Good night tweet hearts. I'm going to write a column. Biggest takeaway from  Voters will decide.... 
donlemon it's your fault. I'm trying to stay up longer to get ready for your post game show following the  on CNN 9pmET. 
Now, I like  He's can run, throw, amp; score big. So, I might lean east coast. But don't confuse that with being the establishment. 
hughhewitt. I'm still torn between supporting the  because of  (homeboy and all) and  (NFC). 
Surely they will blame POTUS for failure to override the Presidential veto. They blame Democrats for their failures. 
Thank you. I tweeted your show with 4 good men. Please make time for me. One on one, pre or post Superbowl. 
Wow. He'll borrow a few nickels to get there. 
hughhewitt I object to "blind loyalty." Otherwise, I respect your analysis on the GOP presidential race and your time with the candidates. 
hughhewitt would never allow a so-called progressive to come on your show to vent about  That's not journalism. 
hughhewitt. if you decide to rant or vent about  than I urge you to respectfully allow someone to bring the facts. 
No, Hillary Clinton did not win Iowa because of a coin flip CNNPolitics 
Know the rules before you whine. Read below. 
Thank you MartinOMalley 
 this weekend. The difference between football amp; politics is that in politics, there are no penalties for unnecessary roughness. 
The GOP candidates want to convince you that the world is falling apart. But it looks more like its their Party that might fall apart. 
The GOP candidates are like boxers who use Obama amp; Clinton as punching bags until they are warmed up enough to start punching each other. 
The  are like rough and tumble football gamesthe ones who deliver the nastiest hits arent necessarily the winners. 
Barack Obama forged a winning coalition of minorities amp; millennials. Now  needs minorities, and  needs young people to win. 
Trump: Made the sale, but couldn't close the deal. Why? You can't win or lead with divisions or subtractions. Agree? 
Mr Trump said everyone dislikes  Maybe? It turns out that Ted Cruz had enough people who like him after all, especially in  
Marco Rubio managed to win by coming in third. Now Rubio has the wind at his back. All that Ted Cruz has at his back is Donald Trump. 
Trump couldnt translate huge rallies into caucus votes. Too bad for him that there is no state that picks its winner using a rally system. 
As it turned out, the Democratic Caucus in Iowa was every bit as exciting as the Republican Iowa primary. 
hughhewitt advises  candidates to attack  at   amp;  are trying to attack income inequality..... 
hughhewitt should end his one man rant on  donlemon must allow someone to respond to his falsehoods. Very disingenuous. 
Terrible strategy, but here's what you get from several leading GOP candidates: Doom and gloom. Fear and Anger. 
Please read How the Media Falsely Attribute Clinton Iowa Caucuses Win To Coin Flips Know the rules before you whine 
Care about Voting Rights? Read: North Carolina and the Evolut... 
Long overdue. 
For a first time presidential candidate, Sanders met and exceeded expectations. Now, it's on to  next week. 
HillaryClinton won the  by a razor thin margin. She becomes the first woman ever to win the first in the nation contest. 
BillKristol. Trump was too busy tweeting insults that got picked up by media and bragging about his polls. 
Cruz didn't stall in the headwind. Trump's insults didn't pierce Cruz because most voters got to know him. 
"Hope springs eternal." Happy  
Many more long nights ahead in both the Democratic and GOP nominating contests.  
Another 47 candidate? 
Okay...I'm behind. The tail wind out of the  Who will get a second wind? 
Let's not set new rules in the middle of the game. A win is a win. They will fight this out next week and beyond. 
Get it done. 
Paging Dr Carson 
Yes indeed. 
Leaving for airport. Ppl lining up at a few Des Moines precincts. It's your turn to go to the  Good luck to all the candidates. 
They are a joy to work with CNN CNNSotu TheLeadCNN 
 and raising hell tonight.  
Really? They were too busy trying to score political points. 
ananavarro.I'm a New Orleans native and not interested in another blizzard. See you in  
Great to see more friends here in Des Moines before the  
Please watch GMA tomorrow, February 2, at 7:00 am EST/6:00 am CST as matthewjdowd and I discuss the results from the  
Just saw a few old (not age wise) friends here at the  DanaPerino, Juan Williams and others. FoxNews 
Dear Trump supporters: Hear me out before you vote. Yours, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 
Thank you Iowa. Your vote matters. Please caucus at 7pmCT and stay tune to CNN for the best political coverage of the  
Post Iowa: I'm looking forward to this event hosted by Trevornoah 
GMA with RobinRoberts, GStephanopoulos and matthewjdowd  
Happy Iowa Caucus Day. It's your turn. Still undecided. There's plenty of time to get involve. You can register tonite to caucus.  
What's in your menu? Heading to the Iowa State capital for GMA . Starting off  in the Hawkeyes State.  
My latest column before the  
Hey mattdowd, I'm looking forward to an early start live from  with RobinRoberts and GStephanopoulos on GMA.  
Yeah! 
 
I'm still working to change my attitude. 
And the GOP holds the lever of power at the congressional, state and most local localities. 
Might scare a weak defensive line. 
Trump hasn't gone that far. 
Just landed in  on the eve of the  I've been coming here for 30 years to witness the kickoff of presidential season. 
The passion of  
The great unknown. Will they show up, and will they stand up. 
It takes a woman of courage and valor to step up and run. 
And 45 can still be persuaded to vote for someone else. In politics, prepare yourself for the unexpected. 
matthewjdowd. Agree. Folks around the globe will be shocked amp; ppl close to home motivated to vote in NH and beyond. 
76th years ago, the first Social Security check was issued. Let's work to strengthen and improve the system.  now amp; forever. 
It ain't over until the 7pm deadline to caucus. 
Tomorrow, the 2016 presidential race gets underway in  It's your turn to vote. Check your registration status now. And  
Clinton keeps slim edge over Sanders in latest Iowa Poll via DMRegister 
Good Sunday morning. A view of Central Park. On my way to ThisWeekABC. Who will win the  
Donald Trump reclaims lead in latest Iowa Poll via DMRegister 
Serena Williams Inspiring Defeat via thinkprogress 
Congressman Who Led Benghazi Investigation Says He Succeeded By Hurting Hillarys Poll Numbers via thinkprogress 
I'm so proud to be a member of sagaftra.  
Republican self-destruction is fun to watch, but bad for us all 
Watch Elaine discuss the primary calendar and more. TheDemocrats iowademocrats  
What am I looking for on Monday night in Iowa?Turnout, turnout, turnout. More on ThisWeekABC. 
Via NPR: Trump's New Jab At Ted Cruz: 'An Anchor Baby In Canada' 
Via NPR:  Megyn Kelly's Body Politic 
If your favorite candidate is leading or just hanging on, plan to attend the  A cold wintry night when all hell may break out. 
You have the right to participate in the  Even if you're a lapse voter, show up with your  before 7pm. It's your turn. 
Iowans have played a bigger than "size" role in helping to decide who sits at the table and write the big menu. So   
 If you fail to exercise your right to vote, your voice is muted. You can't leverage the power to sit at the table amp; shape menu. 
What's on your menu? There's an old saying. If you're not at the table, you're likely on the menu. Will your voice matter if you don't vote? 
After you hear the candidates, please join the roundtable. matthewjdowd, alexcast, KatrinaNation amp; me.  
Congress must act on the Paycheck Fairness Act, commonsense legislation that would give women additional tools to fight pay discrimination. 
From Demos_Org: Latinas are paid just 54.6 percent of white male compensation and black women earn just 59.8 percent of white male pay. 
The median wage of a woman working full-time year-round in the US is about $39,600  only 79 percent of a mans median earnings of $50,400. 
I'll be there to lend my voice for  
7 years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law -- and that was a step forward to ensure  
How Populists Like Bernie Sanders Should Talk About Racism via thenation 
If you're looking for a "Feminist" perspective on the Democratic race, check out this piece. 
Same day registration. 171/2 can also vote if they turn 18 by November 8th. 
He was trying to be funny....oh well. 
Please read. 
Fact-checking the seventh round of GOP debates 
My latest column.  
 came to the  to stir things up. 
 Fact checkers deserve a raise. 
What an  
A  can still produce winners amp; losers, even without Trump there to proclaim himself the winner amp; call everyone else losers. 
No. CNN 
 
How Donald Trump won tonights GOP debate  
 
Back to  
Time to ask Drudge_Report_ 
 Cruz wants to go one on one with  
The  has ended. God bless TheDemocrats for watching. Iowa, it's your turn.   for a more perfect union. 
 tells us it's not to late.  
Will  for  candidates? If so, why? Who won the  
 What's your closing argument to undecided voters in Iowa? 
Interesting. I didn't see this coming.  
 
 
Yay amen. 
She's bad.  is holding up under scrutiny. Where's Donald?   
 
  
Ahhhh. Gov Christie has promised to erect a new bridge over the Potomac River ... to stop  from getting to  
We need more   Get the humor?  
 
It's hard. No, it's Painful. The sons of Cuban immigrants are fighting for the anti immigrant vote.    
Oh... 
   
 equals no facts zone. 
How stupid?   
In talking   needs a full glass of water.   
 is fluent in talking about  
The GOP campaigned to repeal  in 2012 and lost. Look what happened in Louisiana Gov race. Winning issue 
WaketheVote 
 is a topic at  
Call him an   will foot the bill. 
 
Give  credit for having some credibility on advocating for   
Dr. Carson is not invisible, he's simply fading. Sadly, he can't inject into any conversation. He has to wait until called upon.  
Doom, gloom and missing the big elephant in the room.  Will they address  
Listening to the  makes me wonder. Because it's all about going backwards, but never looking forward unless it's to attack. 
How many ppl die from terrorism? How many ppl die from gun violence? Regardless of the method or ideology, it's time to  
 
And it's just starting.  Cruz is threatening to leave debate if the moderators ask another bad question. 
My version of a split screen. RT 
 has conveniently forgotten   
Ahhhh. You betcha.  
Let's get to policy. ......Silence.....silence.  
   
Under President Obama, more jobs have been created in the past 12 months than 12 years under the GOP.   
Question: Sen Cruz, you have voted to shut down the government, sequestration and now claim you're bolder than BarackObama.  
Paging Dr Carson. Let him speak. 
 is about to light a fire under    must be jealous right now. A debate... Spotlight without him. 
 is talking like he's flying on a broom over the  
 says he's part of the establishment. Now, that's honest. Geaux  Dropping phony footballs.  
 can produce the best polish prose of the election as he drives by the natural poetry of politics.   
After a good opening statement,  ask for respect and not ad hominem attacks. Guess Reagan's 11th commandment for  
Sorry CNN, it's time to end my  and to listen to the opening statements from the  
Donald Trumps Hostile Takeover of the G.O.P. via RyanLizza 
Republicans point fingers: Who let Trump get this far? 
Here's why the GOP is talking Dem turnout: Donald Trumps Fox News Feud May Be Another Sign The GOP Is Failing 
Here we go again. Jeffrey Lord raises the name of Bill Clinton to distract from  outrageous commentary on women. AC360 
FoxNews undercard debate is now over. I thought LindseyGrahamSC won the night. Oops. He's no longer a candidate, but I watched the reruns. 
What?  took over my slot with AC360. Ahhhh. Can't wait to bitterly complain to my Boo.  
Oh, stop begging  My Mom once said, you make your own bed and sleep in it. Let  be Donald. 
 calls BarackObama divisive when the GOP never made an effort to cross the aisle to work with his Administration. Oh well... 
 only message is to attack women. Women's access to health care and a woman Gallup ranks as very popular. 
Poor FoxNews for sponsoring a debate with four candidates with no chance of winning. And they have the gall to attack you.  
 is one desperate woman. Clearly, attacking another woman or women's access to healthcare is her only message.   
 is channeling  
 has thrown down the gauntlet. The undercard  has started. 
Sneak preview: 6 Things Youll Probably Hear During The Fox News Debate That Are Totally False via thinkprogress 
As a Marine, Donald Trump Insults Me by seansorbie 
Excellent quote. 
 is giving the other candidates a night free from him. If nothing else, that has to give their spirits a boost.  
Guess what. Some pols believes Trump is taking risks if he BoycottFoxNewsDebate. But, we're the ones at risk if he wins the GOP nomination. 
 It'll be like a Three Stooges episode without Moe. You need the Alpha Stooge to move things along. Will you watch? 
Interesting read: Hillary Clinton Wants To Talk To You About Love And Kindness via rubycramer buzzfeednews 
Honestly, the one candidate who could bring both sides together is probably Senator Ted Cruzneither side likes him. Good luck tomorrow. 
Youre supposed to settle ON a nominee. I have a feeling the Republicans may end up settling FOR a nominee.  
Anything can happen on the Republican side. Its like a TV showbut the GOP has gone from House of Cards to Game of Thrones.  
 decision to  allows him to shape the political conversation days before the   
The Role of Philanthropy and Nonprofits in Increasing US Voter Turnout (SSIR) via SSIReview 
I miss Mitch Synder. It's time to raise awareness on the lack of affordable housing and the rise of homelessness across the United States. 
3 blocks from the U.S. Capitol, we have homeless Veterans amp; others sleeping outside. It's unconscionable. It's shameful. Its wrong. 
Tonight, I saw 3 DC police officers walk up amp; down the sidewalk to check on homeless men amp; women. They brought shovels to help remove snow. 
This is one of those moments when we must raise hell. Today it's Flint, tomorrow it could be your water supply. 
MMFlint. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 
How Megyn Kelly learned to triumph over sexism and bullying 
Weird. A leading candidate pulls away from the last debate before voters caucus in Iowa. What is Trump's strategy? 
Gov Rick Scott of Florida is sending a convoy to DC to help with our snow removal. What's the catch? The trucks read  
If Trump sprinkles dust, it circles back to him. He's a master of distraction from the other candidates. 
Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Taken Charge Of The Media" With His Fox Debate Boycott 
With Donald Trump Abandoning Its Debate, Fox News Scorched By Its Own Chicanery 
Megyn Kelly Has Defeated Donald Trump via YahooTv 
Fox's Megyn Kelly Responds To Trump Pulling Out Of Fox Debate: "He Doesn't Get To Control The Media" 
Relief 
Building the drama 
Controversy on the way. 
What people are saying about last night's town hall forum  
CNN's town hall is the most-watched forum in history via CommentaryCNN.  
hughhewitt. What are you waiting for. It's never too late for you to start your journey. I'm trying. 
 
Inclusion, comprehensive immigration reform, equality for all and more. 
God, I'm trying. 
From Ann: The Republicans have to decide who they hate the least the Democrats who they love the most. 
Now, now. We are the party of diversity and inclusion.  CNN 
 
Thank you Joyce for asking a good question on criminal justice reform.  CNN 
Uncommitted? Live on CNN the DemTownHall featuring HillaryClinton, BernieSanders and MartinOMalley. Moderated by ChrisCuomo. 
Here comes the backlash to  sure how to respond. 
Help! 
And Congress returns next week.  relief. 
Parents take notice. 
The big question is why? 
Live from  don't forget the CNN Townhall tonight hosted by ChrisCuomo at 9pmET. It's the final stretch. 
Hey, I wonder if the House Republicans will investigate this development. PPFA 
Justice. 
This is the best news of my day. 
AnJolieLeg. Racism is a parasite that has found a home in every major institution. Haters will hate. Break your chains and go free. 
Spring is coming....I like my four seasons: shrimp, crabs, oysters and crayfish. Winter gives me hope for Spring. 
PoliticsPeach. Can you imagine someone trying to chastise a person for being honest? As an activist, I own my responsibility to lead. 
Day 2 of trekking from home to downtown amp; elsewhere. DC needs help. It's going to take days to clear this snow. Stay warm amp; safe. 
Plenty of birth mothers and fathers. CNN's Chris Cuomo Calls Out Glenn Beck, GOP For "Birthing Donald Trump" 
Imagine this: Sexism Runs Rampant Among GOP Contenders in the 2016 Presidential Race 
 was below 24 inches because  was too busy loving  Picnic in the spring. 
Halftime special. New York 's Gabriel Sherman: Trump Could Boycott Upcoming Fox News Debate Over Megyn Kelly 
And a big fan of MartinOMalley as well. Let's just say that I am going to vote in the   Now, back to  
Last point: I'm offering commentary. That's not to say I'm not a big fan of HillaryClinton, BernieSanders or ... 
Well, it's that time to switch to NFL and the playoffs.  or  Now, I'm not neutral. 
Thanks for the compliment. And thanks for watching us share our thoughts, views, and opinions. 
We braved the blizzard to appear live on  I'm getting "snow" ready to go to Iowa next weekend.  
My personal friends are working for all three Democratic candidates amp; a few others support several GOP contenders. I'm neutral!  
As a Democratic activist, I didn't endorse in 2004, 2008 amp; will not endorse in 2016. I will support the nominee. 
SuperO StreamCharity. Feel free to email me. 
Another poll to ponder, reject, affirm or delete. 
Better than the red carpet at the  A passable walkway. Here CNNSotu to discuss politics, not the weather. 
One more traffic report: Florida Avenue looks good. 
North Capitol is so, so. But, I recommend staying inside. Almost to CNNSotu. Bye  
14th Street clear. Irving Street good across 13th Street needs a little more plowing. Ppl plowing out cars back to street. Bad idea. 
Pedestrians walking towards downtown DC on 16th Street. 
MayorBowser. Several abandoned cars on side streets up in ward 4. One good lane on 16th each way. Heading to CNNSotu. The dig out starts. 
Yes she can! 
What's on your post  menu? Heading to CNNSotu. Lots of snow, a little slippery, but on my way.  
Fever pitch in the home stretch. 
Special thanks to the reporters covering the blizzard, the public officials monitoring, 1st responders saving lives and all the volunteers. 
Goodbye  Wow. You lived up to expectations as a "huge" storm. Thanks to my neighbor Scott amp; handyman Miguel for help w/snow removal. 
Big Endorsement: Hillary Clinton has needed knowledge, experience via DMRegister. 
Hubris? From GOP front runner  I could 'shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters' CNNPolitics  
My, my 
Thank you Eleanor Holmes Norton. For the kids...and the adults who can. Yes, you can go sledding on Capitol Hill 
 We (ppl of color) are simply invisible. Such a tragedy and I enjoy movies.  
Imagine being stuck at sea with an all you can eat buffet, an open bar and "disco fever." Let the good times roll. 
Unless a parade was rolling down Georgia Avenue, I have no desire to master walking or driving in this weather.  
For entertainment, I'm listening to jazz, watching old movies, but catching up on my non political reading. Staying calm and de stressing. 
Days before the storm, I made groceries, cut up my seasoning, chill wine amp; gathered firewood. Snow is cleansing. De trumping my space. 
As a Louisiana native, I graduated from  a special academy that requires you to rest, eat well, drink plenty of fluids and read. 
What's on your menu? Phase 1 of  is over amp; 2nd phase is coming later. MayorBowser has asked us to stay inside or shelter in place. 
donlemon in the studio anchoring  or  cnnbrk   
 
 
Hannity Calls National Review 's Trump Critics "Gutless" For Not Saying Who They Support 
 Can't wait to build a jazzy   
Post  CNNSotu: Get insight from the top political minds on  with KevinMaddenDC donnabrazile bpshow amandacarpenter 
Another great op-ed on this cold day. Abortion rights at stake in 2016 CNN 
This is a good column to read while staying warm...Can Democrats Channel America's Discontent?: 
For Clinton, Good News Is No News When It Comes To Polling 
Lindsey Graham: Trump Or Cruz Is Like Choosing "Death By Being Shot Or Poisoning"  Video  RealClearPolitics 
Oklahoma City cop convicted of rape sentenced to 263 years in prison CNN 
White House responds to Palin: Domestic violence 'not a joke' 
 
Ted Cruzs campaign is handing out bottled water in Flint  but only to anti-abortion groups via Salon 
  
That's right. Federal grant to ensure safe drinking water. 
 
  
 
The Democracy Prospect: How Big Money Has Hurt the GOP: via theprospect 
 
And just think, you pay for safe, clean and drinkable water. Somebody needs to demand a refund.  
Are you ready for a winter storm named  
 disregard of the struggle plof color face when trying to just get in the door.  
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. - Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Before the  endorsement, here's an interesting op-Ed. Why I Will Never Vote for Donald Trump 
Sadly, a young campaign volunteer died today in a car accident. 
Rep. John Lewis: 'Mr. President, I love you, too' 
So, Uh, Heres The Full Text Of Sarah Palins Bizarre Trump Speech via kyletblaine buzzfeednews 
"He's not elitist at all...." SarahPalinUSA who will also attend rallies with realDonaldTrump.  is jealous. 
Take it down. Take it down. 
Will  use  as a surrogate to attack  Yes. Will it work? Yes with the GOP. Short term. Palin will try to validate him. 
Cruz: GOP establishment is picking Trump 
 
Oh my God! 
Another  in the news. Fm radio Gov. Sarah Palins son Track arrested on assault and weapons-related charges 
Let's not forget, all the young ppl actively engaged in the political process. Be safe out there. Dr Carson, sorry for your loss. 
My deepest sympathy to the family, friends and colleagues of ... Braden Joplin, 25, a volunteer for the  campaign.  
CNN's Jeffrey Lord: Sarah Palin "Would Be A Good Secretary Of Energy" 
The Republican establishment really, really doesn't like Ted Cruz 
It's truly amazing to listen to a fmr candidate for Vice President dish on everyone including the GOP establishment. 
Remember her? GOP Presidential candidate  speaks on immigration, alternative energy, women's pay 
 should gently get the mic back from   
Only thing that got onetoughnerd to act on  was natl attention. Action out of vanity, not concern for ordinary citizens.  
 happened on onetoughnerds watch. He appointed the EM who made switch. Either Snyder knew or he failed to supervise. 
Lesson from onetoughnerds  cant govern by bottom line. Policy is about ppl. Children arent acceptable losses. 
New Paper: How to Protect Election Integrity Without Disenfranchising Voters brennancenter 
The country's 100 richest people have more wealth than all black Americans combined  via HuffPostBiz 
Amen. Amen. Amen. Jada Pinkett Smith to boycott Oscars: 'Begging for acknowledgement ... diminishes dignity' 
jadapsmith.  You're stepping up. Amen.  
  and now   
Sad to hear about  How many of us got through Friday nights soaring listening to the  The heavenly choir has a new voice. 
2 weeks before  Caucus, GOP candidate  is filling valuable airtime.  
Dr. King was an agitator for freedom and equality. Let's not forget he marched for  and was arrested. 
True. 
Enjoyed the 4th  Now, it's time to honor the contributions of Dr. King and others through service. 
Our work is not done.  
Giants: We stand on their steely shoulders. For MLK Jr. Birthday, Black Leaders as Obituaries Portrayed Them 
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.  
What about the families without clean drinking water?  
Governor Synder must be held accountable. Meanwhile, the ppl of  needs our help and support. 
Not surprise  playing in our ballpark. I was waiting for  to walk down the aisle with her husband. 
 It's not over, but I have a winner: BarackObama. President Obama received a lot of love from the  
Good question. 
 are complaining about  At least, there's no name calling, insults, or birther non sense. And Dems love New York. 
Agree!  
Exactly 
Tonight, the revolution has started over  Dems want to build upon   
Dem candidates spar over how to strengthened the  or  
 with Columbia,SC Mayor Steve Benjamin. 
 NBCNews 
 NBCNews TheDemocrats 
The GOP candidates want to convince you that the world is falling apart. But sometimes it looks more like its the GOP that is falling apart 
Republican candidates are like boxers who use Obama amp; Clinton as punching bags until they are warmed up enough to start punching each other 
Debates are like rough and tumble football gamesthe ones who deliver the nastiest hits arent necessarily the winners.  
Don't forget, tonight we watch the  but tomorrow we will commemorate the 30th Anniversary of  
 The GOP candidates paint such an apocalyptic, dystopian picture of the world that I thought for a moment I was watching Mad Max 
 starts at 9pm. Singing "Oh Happy Day." Live from Charleston, SC.  NBCNews 
Iowa caucuses on 2/1. Clinton and Sanders will go toe-to-toe. So this time its much more likely that some toes are going to get stepped on. 
The Clinton/Sanders race is getting much tighter, which means the rules of engagement will get much looser.  
The difference between football and politics is that in politics, there are no penalties for unnecessary roughness.  
 takes place right at the end of a day of NFL playoffsso a lot of people tuning in are going to be in a bad mood already. 
The Democratic debate is in South Carolina not to be confused with the South Carolina that you saw during the Republican debate. Tonigh 
It's Sunday. Time for football  and politics  at pmET/NBCNews. Follow TheDemocrats for details. 
My latest column. MLK Day turns 30: Why we observe it - 
 Back in  for the 4th  
Happy birthday to FLOTUS. May this day bring you immense joy and happiness. And may it last forever. Thank you for your service!  
msdebbieallen. Hope you're enjoying your special day. Happy birthday! 
HillaryClinton having a little fun with jimmyfallon. 
Trump and Cruz Set an Ugly, Nasty Tone 
This sums up the GOP2016: Doom, Gloom and Despair: The GOPs Message in 2016 by davidbrockdc 
 Best news so far as we approach  
Gov Snyder must be held accountable. 
This is good news. 
Seriously? 
CNN Exclusive: Email may derail case against Bill Cosby CNN 
Something we know and talk about all the time. Confirmed: Network Newscasts Were All-Trump, All The Time In 2015 
The ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people. - Dr King.  
MARCMORIAL wrote: "We must fight to keep the dream alive because our very lives depend on it."  Our work is not finished. Vote! 
The only way to ensure that Dr Martin Luther King, Jr's legacy is fully realized is by voting. Check your status today. Text your friends. 
We celebrate King day on the 3rd Monday in Jan. Let's start early. Check your voter registration status. Remind a friend to vote in 2016. 
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at our goals. -- Martin Luther King Jr. 
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and consciousness stupidity. -- Martin Luther King, Jr 
Thanks ron_fournier for this great column: GOP Candidates Try to Scare the Hell Out of America 
Happy Birthday: had he survived, Dr Martin Luther King, Jr would have celebrated his 87th bday today. The dream still lives on.  
 
It's over! 
Exclusive: RNC member urges party to rally against Trump 
Agreed with Trump on this exchange....Cruz went to Princeton and Harvard. Don't insult  or  
CNNPolitics ananavarro AC360 
ananavarro: In Tonights GOP Debate, Candidates Mentioned Hillary Clinton 27 Times. 
LOL.  is over 
ananavarro ...church! CNNPolitics 
Now that I'm home reviewing the clips from  what was Dr Carson talking about?  
Agree. 
The  is over.  
It's official, the bromance between  and  is over. That's my take. Watch Nightline for more analysis and commentary. 
Or grow the military.  
It's so interesting watching two sons of immigrants take each other to task on who's tougher on keeping others out.  
Weve added more net private sector jobs in the last 12 WEEKS than were added in the last 12 YEARS of Republican Administrations.  
Bottom line: Candidate after candidate tonight offered tales of doom and gloom, trying to convince us that America's greatness is waning... 
GOP candidates claim Obamas policies killed jobs. They ignore 70 straight months of job growth:  
30,000 Americans die every year due to gun violence, and no one on stage has a meaningful plan to decrease gun deaths.  
Another mis leading statement at the  
 
True 
Hmmmmm... 
 
Memo to  Your statement was dishonest and disrespectful. 
So many lies to dissect. Will take years to get back to the truth.  =  
Hmmmm. I can name a few states that will  
Oh  before you get close to kicking anyone, voters will likely kick you off stage. Stick with talking policy.  
 Water please. 
 
Yep, airing the laundry after it went through the cycle. 
So true..... 
  This issue isn't going away. And it's not Dems pushing it back on the table. 
 not following  But, I guess... Forget it. I don't know what he tried to say. 
Got to give  credit for trying to inject issues, his ideas, policy and no finger pointing.  
According to   is the problem. Wow...the problem is your campaign hasn't taken off so you have to whine away. 
Adds to the bluster at the  
 can't hold a candle to POTUS. Listening to Senator Rubio is depressing. Give him a bottle of water.  
Marco Rubio said he hates to interrupt "CourtTV."  
 is not going to let the  issue go by the way side.  
Oh my,  is doing the  dance.  
 is now going there.  blues. They started it and now, deal with it. 
 Oh God, Sen Cruz sounds like Mr Pitiful as he explains failure to disclose a big loan. His Answer: criticize the source. Geez. 
Paging Dr Ben Carson.  Pass the hummus. 
So tonight, more name calling, more finger pointing but no new ideas. Now  who hasn't shown up for work is blathering.  
How much do we spend on our military? Double, triple the rest of the world. 
 is stuttering. 
 is trying too hard. Go back to being a moderate and forget auditioning to being tough as nails. GOP = wrong ideas for America. 
Gov Kasich, the clock is ticking. 
 =  Better question: what will you do to add to the economic growth and level the playing field? 
 Jeb Bush's new ad savages Donald Trump. Why didn't he run it two months ago? 
What's on your menu? Waiting to catch another episode of "Doom and Gloom" or the  
South Carolina gun violence is a war of its own. Will tonight's  address it?  
It will take more than bluster to defeat ISIS. Heres how:  
Asking the wealthy to pay their fair share doesnt hurt economic growth:  
Reminder for all the candidates in the  the deficit has been reduced by almost three fourths 
The President is in Louisiana today, taking part in a town hall discussion with folks from Baton Rouge about Americas future.  
Another essay in support of Ted Cruz's eligibility. Read: Why Ted Cruz is eligible to be president CNN 
My column pre  President Obama's Final Stretch: Advancing Our Dreams - ABC News - via ABC 
Whodat? President Obama will hold a town hall and Twitter Qamp;A in Baton Rouge, La.   
Breaking News: Senator Ted Cruz Didnt Disclose Loan From Goldman Sachs for His First Senate Campaign 
Pre-mature move? Republican Party begins preparing for contested convention 
Michael Savage Tells Trump "Hispanics Are Going To Vote For You" Because They "Don't Like Reporting To A Woman" 
Oh, don't tell it. But share it. You Will Not Win the Powerball Jackpot 
Agreed! // "We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." POTUS  
Civil amp; Human Rights Coalition Calls on Senate to Stop Playing Politics with Judicial Nominations civilrightsorg 
The Miami Herald Exposes How The GOP Tried To Sell Two Different SOTU Responses 
Megyn Kelly Attacks DNC Chair For Inviting A Muslim Representative From CAIR To State Of The Union Address 
Obama answers Trumps dangerous demagoguery 
Our democracy works best when all citizens are engaged amp; have equal access to the ballot box. RT if you agree: Let's  
Good night tweet hearts. I'm sure we haven't heard the last of POTUS final  Or    
Ann... took down that divisive flag!  
She leads. Thank you! 
jimrutenberg. Congrats on your new role. Go for it. 
New York Times Names New Media Columnist 
It's time to fight cancer. Agree. 
For Rubio who cannot even embrace his own values with regards to immigration reform, don't lie to get ahead. Speak truth. 
For those calling the President divisive, ask them how many Obama nominees are still in the pipeline? Ask them about filibusters? Please.... 
I beg to differ. Another ridiculous talking point that fits with the doom and gloom of the GOP presidential year. 
God bless America! 
Oh my. I'm speechless. 
Been quoting from  rebuttal. I agreed with her statement on a number of fronts - resist temptation..... 
More net private sector jobs in the last 12 WEEKS  than were added in the last 12 YEARS of Republican administrations.  
Under President Obama, the economy has experienced a record 70 straight months of private-sector job growth. Over 14 million jobs! 
Haley: "We need to recognize our contributions to the erosion of the public trust in America's leadership." Amen. Amen,  
More Governor Haley: "There is more than enough blame to go around. We as Republicans need to own that truth."   
"While Democrats in Washington bear much responsibility for the problems facing America today, they do not bear it alone," Gov Haley said. 
True dat! 
So did SC Gov Haley. 
What took the Governor so long? Water is essential to life. Thanks maddow for helping to expose this controversy. 
Can't believe he watched  or the  
Guess they can't come up with a plan or an alternative, so they're upset with the President again. 
Yep. 
 
President Obamas SOTU was a very optimistic speech. And its not easy for some people to be optimistic about optimism. 
The only thing slower than the pace of change in Washington is how long it takes a President to get down the aisle and to the podium. 
Haley: we would respect differences in modern families....." Okay, I can agree. Can find agreements with GOP on some topics. 
Haley: "We removed a symbol that was being used to divide us, and we found a strength that United us against a domestic terrorist...." Wow 
I'll praise Gov Haley for mentioning the tragic story of that awful night in Charleston. 
Gov. Haley: "During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices. We must resist that temptation." 
Gov Haley didn't really listen to POTUS speech. Just another round of doom and gloom. 
Political polarization didn't start in 2008, and it won't end in 2017. We all have a part to play in rebuilding our democracy. 
Guess my friends in the GOP forgets just how hard they have worked to undermine, undercut and simply disrespect POTUS. 
Pharrell ...I'm happy. 
Thank you WhiteHouse staff for your diligence, hard work and perseverance.  
POTUS: "I see you and I see it in the worker...the dreamer, the protestor and the young cop walking the beat." He sees us all.  
POTUS reminds us to not buy into the cynicism that says change isnt possible, amp; politics is hopeless, and compromise is just a dirty word. 
Tonight, the President asked Americans "to rise above cynicism, and fear, and affirm hope  rejecting a politics of cynicism"  
POTUS reminds us to preserve our public life and public conversation so that it reflects the goodness, decency and optimism of our ppl. 
More jobs created over the past 12 months than 12 years under GOP Presidents. Facts are stubborn, but let's keep moving forward. 
"Pass a resolution that specifically authorizes the use of military force against ISIL, which Congress has not done for the last 336 days." 
"Rhetoric throughout the political season that builds up our enemies and talks down American progress is not based in fact."  
"The US remains the strongest nation on Earth, and we can keep Americans safe without isolating ourselves or sending troops to every crisis" 
Don't worry, he's going to address  and more. 
"Gas under two bucks a gallon ain't bad, either," said POTUS. Agree. 
POTUS: "Immigrants arent the reason wages havent gone up enough; those decisions are made in the boardrooms."  
 POTUS said: "Food Stamp recipients didnt cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." 
For POTUS last  I'm here with ABC and will stay for Nightline. 
POTUS: "And finally, how can we make our politics reflect whats best in us, and not whats worst?" 
POTUS: "Third, how do we keep America safe and lead the world without becoming its policeman?"  
POTUS: "First, how do we give everyone a fair shot at opportunity and security in this new economy?"   
More on  "So lets talk about the future, and 4 big questions that we .....have to answer  regardless of who the next President is." 
POTUS: "For my final address, I dont want to talk just about the next year. I want to focus on the next 5 years, 10 years, and beyond." 
Today, Gov. John Bel expanded Medicaid in Louisiana, increasing access to quality, affordable health care to 350,000 people in our state. 
My family celebrating in Louisiana. TeamKCP 
What's on your menu? I'm here with ErinBurnett OutFrontCNN to preview  before POTUS arrives. 
But someone has to do it. Will she mentioned the  
 Gov. John Bel Edwards just signed the executive order to expand Medicaid in Louisiana! Lots of cheers in the room.  
When it comes to human rights, voting rights and the right to love who you want, etc... We cannot never go back. 
He's fought the good fight. This year, let's help him finish the race and have the faith amp; courage to move forward. 
Congress all tough talk and no action on ISIS CNN 
Can't wait to watch FreedomTV. 
At 9:00 p.m. ET tonight, President Obama will deliver his very last State of the Union address. Please tune in. 
Yep, don't look for anything else: Six Years Of Right-Wing Media Attacks On Obama's State Of The Union Addresses 
Great read: President Obama is the nation's orator-in-chief, amp; he deserves the title amp; the accolades  David Kusnet 
Exactly. Proud of LSUfball but the trophy goes to  
 rolls back into first place. Congratulations.... 
 If President Obama wants to highlight his accomplishments over the past two terms we could be in for a long speech. 
Rand Paul and Carly Fiorina have been booted off the main stage at Thursday's primary debate, Fox Business Network announced Monday evening. 
Guess who's skipping the next debate? First on CNN: Rand Paul to Fox Business: I'm skipping your debate CNNPolitics 
Going to miss  - great artists and wonderful performer. Got his albums. The music lives on in our hearts. 
The 2016 Brown and Black Democratic Presidential Forum will be broadcast LIVE, today, January 11th at 8 pm ET on FUSION! TheDemocrats. 
Congratulations to John Bel Edwards for being sworn in as the next governor of my beloved home state of Louisiana.  
There's power in voting. Reading this: Black women vow to be a powerful voting force again this year 
Interesting. cnnopinion. Trayvon Martin's mother: Why I support Hillary Clinton CNN 
tavissmiley new book comes out today. 
Unforgettable: Today, funeral services will be held in loving tribute to  Let's keep her family in our thoughts and prayers. 
Good night tweet hearts....."Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." - Judy Garland 
Good movie. 
LeoDiCaprio. So true, so true. Thanks for speaking up for   and their truth, history and legacy. 
 has been terrific in portraying so many strong characters and historic figures. 
Speak! 
TherealTaraji is speaking.  Congratulations! Love EmpireFOX JussieSmollett and the crew.  for everyone. 
Love me some  Congratulations. 
Lady Gaga is talented. Girl got game. 
Amen. 
ladygaga...  Now, I would have voted for IAMQUEENLATIFAH for her outstanding role in  but I liked the Countess. 
Watch ABC's George Stephanopoulos Correct Marco Rubio On President Obama's Executive Actions On Guns  
  
One hour before POTUS last  
That makes two of us. Bi-partisan fog. 
violadavis is simply beautiful. 
Watched the  last night. Turned it off today to catch up on the nominees for best picture. Watch SAGawards later this month. 
What's on your menu? As I watch the  it's so apparent that I don't often use my TV remote control. All these new shows. 
   
EmpireFOX 
hughhewitt was correct. It takes 1,237 delegates to secure the GOP nomination. seanspicer knows the GOP's delegate process.  
Always a treat to spend Sunday with 4 good men. matthewjdowd tavissmiley hughhewitt amp; GStephanopoulos.  
Some candidates advanced proposals that would likely increasepoverty and hardship, rather than reduce them. 
There is no political downside to President Obama going after the  What is the NRA going to dodislike him more?  
Trump is helpfully urging Cruz to get a declaratory judgment that he's eligible. It's Trump way of saying that hes certainly not eligible. 
Ted Cruz has been reduced to releasing his mothers birth certificate and proving she never became a Canadian citizen. More birther crap? 
Ethiopia silences its critics with a deadly crackdown on dissent 
Wash. Post Highlights How Trump's Media Dominance "Obscure[s]" Ted Cruz's Extremism -- To His Benefit 
Every Member of Congress makes a solemn pledge to protect amp; defend the American people. RT if you agree: We must  
Great news: Our economy has come a long way these past 7 years.  Watch  
President Obama vetoed the Republicans outrageous attempt to take family planning and lifesaving preventive care away from millions of ppl. 
What's on your menu? Join us this Sunday morning for ThisWeekABC powerhouse roundtable /matthewjdowd, hughhewitt, tavissmiley and me. 
 Top Lobbyist On Declining To Meet With Obama: "So What Are We Going To Talk About, Basketball?" 
More than two third backs POTUS. That's progress not skepticism.  
 
Speak!  
  
  
Gov. Paul LePage of Maine, a Christie Supporter, Makes Racially Charged Remarks 
Thank you 
You know what we call that back home? Shameful. 
Go figure. 
 was invited, but as a sign of disrespect, they turn their nose and said no.   
This notion that the President or any political candidate will attempt to confiscate or take your fire arms is a big damn lie. 
What's in your menu? Watching POTUS calm the fears of those who believe they will lose the right to bear arms.  
The end is near? Hmmm, not until voters get their say in the early states and on to Super Tuesday on 3/1/2016. 
Check out "Guns in America," POTUS town hall hosted by Anderson Cooper at 8pm ET. CNN AC360 
Carson's ex-campaign manager: Hard to see how Trump doesn't become nominee 
UK Considers Denying Trump Entry as he Admits his Party Made America Less Safe  
RogerJStoneJr is vile and vulgar. If you wish to spend time in a therapy session, get on the books. Meanwhile, find your joy.  
HenryLouisGates PBS. My family enjoyed it. They learned we come from good stock. Back home, we call it roux.  Thank you. 
What's on your menu? Tonight, I get to share my family's tree and all the various roots with all of you. Enjoy.... 
"If a child cant open a bottle of aspirin, we should make sure they cant pull the trigger on a gun." POTUS 
House Speaker Ryan now denounces closing background check loopholes, but used to support it  
"After Connecticut passed a law requiring background checks and gun safety courses, gun deaths decreased by 40" POTUS  
From my dear friend and Cajun brother James Carville. A Modest Proposal On Guns For Conservatives 
Finding Your Roots: Season Three  Preview Please watch PBS 8/7pm Central. Meet my ancestors from two continents. 
How awful! The  tweets image with bullets next to pictures of lawmakers  
Trump Resurrects Talk Of Bill Clinton's Sex Life, The Press Cheers 
Thank you D.C. Firefighters and first responders.    
Amen! 
JoyAnnReid. Thank you. 
Here you go. Time to call Trump out on degrading views CNNI 
 Thanks to BernieSanders, more Americans are now demanding campaign finance reform. 
If we can save one life, it will have a ripple effect in ensuring law abiding citizens are able to live in peace. 
Thank you Star.  to you and all your many fans and family. 
Read all about it.... New Year, Same Old Republicans  
They also plan to defund Planned Parenthood. One thing for sure, the GOP is still stuck in the past. 
The House of Representatives returns to Washington. This week House Republicans will vote to repeal Obamacare for over the 60th time. 
Just in: Media Highlight Donald Trump's Hypocrisy In Attacking Bill Clinton's Personal Life 
Another good piece on GOP frontrunner attacks on Bill Clinton. Time to Party Like It's 1998: via theprospect 
Here's my latest column. Been there and done that. Read why Attacking Bill Clinton won't help GOP CNN 
Great column from my DNC colleague RT Rybak. Please read "Let's call on the better angels of our nature for 2016 
Oops. I missed this one. Reading now. Why aren't we calling the Oregon occupiers 'terrorists?' 
 protest or standoff?  
Let's see...taking over a federal building in the United States of America....hmmm. Back to sleep America! 
What's on your early morning menu? Read mattbai: Trump and the media, made for each other via YahooPolitics. 
Prepare to hydrate. 
Amen 
New Orleans Saints end season with win, but turbulent offseason looms via nolanews 
LOL: Zatarains unveils new seasoning: New Orleans Water Boil 
In other news, it's time to get your brown bag out. 
Is it me or the  Shhhh is playing for real?  
Set your DVR. Don't forget Finding Your Roots: Season Three  Trailer  Now you know my roots.... 
Oh my... 
Oh, you can also  too. CNNSotu. 
What's on your Sunday morning menu?  in NH..... Tune in to CNNSotu at 9amEST as we unravel the  presidential race. CNN 
From Lanny Davis: Thank you, Mr. Trump  keep attacking the Clintons 
Trumps supporters have a lot in common with anti-vaxxers. via slate 
rolandsmartin: BREAKING NEWS: Dr. Frances Cress Welsing died of complications from a stroke suffered earlier in the week." 
In tribute to  Praise the Lord for vinyl. About to turn on my old record player.  
 will be remembered for using her many talents to uplift others. She was human. A loving and decent soul.  
 Condolences to family. What an incredible woman, a loving, joyful amp; peaceful soul. Rest in peace. 
Prayers are powerful. 
To all my tweet hearts out there.  
I am also grateful to HenryLouisGates for helping me to discover a few more branches to my tree. on 1/5/16. 
More highlights: Teaching, lecturing, amp; acting. Another role in  on beingmaryjane. Here's to  Love, peace amp; kindness.... 
What can I say? Other highlights of  was appearing on CNN and ABC news, writing for msmagazine, O_Magazine and now essencemag. 
Goodbye  Great memories, especially my visit to  during the Feast of St Anthony. And seeing Pontifex in D.C. 
donlemon is showing off. Fresh boiled Crawfish. Best way to enjoy is to pinch the tail and suck the juice from the rest of the body. CNN 
 donlemon BrookeBCNN 
 Watching AC360 because it's still 2015. CNN 
What? Donald stirring division? Next.... 
Yes indeed...... 
1800 died on Gulf coast. Many drowned when the levees broke.  was no joke. Serious times call for leaders. 
 
He enjoys picking fights because it allows Donald Trump to avoid real substance. It's simply entertaining. 
Sorry  you're flat wrong.  didn't wake up 8 years ago, he's been plotting to run for decades. 
Oh my.... 
Be safe folks. We love  and  
Meanwhile, let's continue to pray for our fellow citizens dealing with raging and rising flood water.  in our thoughts and prayers. 
 tells his supporters that they're fed up with the media. Why is anyone covering him? He's mean, nasty and lacks civility. 
Don't forget to watch the  IAmCicelyTyson 
How Fox News' Primetime Lineup Demonized Black Lives Matter In 2015  
"The secret to change is to focus all your energy, not on fighting the old but on building the new." - Socrates 
I'm away from the breaking news involving the death of 12 year old  This breaks my heart. 
OMG! Here we go again. 
What's on your  menu? About to watch the   vs the  shhhhh! Saints play tomorrow.  
Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us." -- Stephen Covey 
Bill Clinton's first home damaged in suspected arson CNNPolitics 
Who knew? Adult coloring books. Thank you. Been waiting for this moment.  forever. 
OMG! Arson reportedly suspected in blaze at Bill Clinton birthplace  Fox News  
Happy Kwanzaa! 
Breaking news: Santa stuck in traffic. The elves on strike amp; Ms Claus refuses to work overtime.  
Congratulations to the Palin family. 
Merry Christmas! May you share the peace and of joy of this season with acts of goodness and kindness. You're a gift! 
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself.  Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Courage is not the absence of fear but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.  Ambrose Redmoon 
What's on your menu? Storms across parts of the Deep South. Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers.  alerts. 
Clinton says Trump's vulgarity doesn't shock her via DMRegister 
Here's my latest column. Agree or disagree, it's Time to call Trump out on degrading views CNNI Merry Christmas! 
vademocrats. Great victory for democracy. 
The quiet impact of Obamas Christian faith 
Yes we can! But, this is also true. Read: Democrats should fear the depths of Donald Trump's support 
jeffersonmargo. Just receive your book. Can't wait to share this moment with others. Read the book. 
Great gift idea: Please Review: Negroland, by Margo Jefferson, on Growing Up Black and Privileged 
My, my....another round of insults. 
Get ready 
Schlonged? Donald Trumps Pathetic Frat-Boy Politics: 
Schlonged? Donald Trumps Pathetic Frat-Boy Politics via thenation 
"The King Of Whoppers": Fact Checkers Call Out Donald Trump's Year Of "Campaign Misstatements" And Lies 
John Bel Edwards says he will do 'everything' to get light rail from New Orleans to Baton Rouge via nolanews 
 it's 2015! My home state Louisiana ranks last when it comes to women legislators -- again via nolanews 
Ronald Reagan's daughter says her dad would be "so appalled" by GOP presidential candidates via huffpostgay 
Thanks Keith. 
Merry Christmas Mr. Brown by aloeblacc. In loving tribute to Michael Brown, Eric Garner amp; Sandra. via YouTube 
Shocking. Guess who won 2015 Lie of the Year? ReadThe campaign misstatements of Donald Trump via PolitiFact 
Check this out 
Read Media False Equivalence: Clinton's ISIS Statement Compared To Trump's Dangerous 9/11 Lies 
Rise of Donald Trump Divides Black Celebrities He Calls His Friends, via nytimes 
David Brock Calls Out Media For "Playing Donald Trump's Game" 
Clinton was almost right about the fight against the Islamic State 
TalkinToU. It's take more than a village to raise children in the 21st century. Let's continue to believe in the future -- of all our kids. 
I love my kids. They are grown and working for   and  A few of them went rouge and supporting others. Come to me. 
mattbai. As an educator and activist, I have raised amp; trained young ppl to take their seats at the table. Leave my kids alone. Come to me. 
GraemeCrews. Thank you for your leadership and courage in trying to make a difference. Proud to call you one of my own. I love you Boo! 
mattbai. Boo, I'm happy to lift up, praise and promote any candidate who will fight for equality and justice for all. Believe that. 
Before leaving Manchester, NH today, take a look at this sign at the airport. Cheers to  
Thanks PoppyHarlowCNN for your remarkable story on  I believe in America's cities.  
Celebrations! 
 the Bern? Catch a glimpse of Sanders, OMalley and Clinton on ThisWeekABC. 
Miss the  Watch ThisWeekABC with GStephanopoulos. More analysis with jonkarl, ananavarro, matthewjdowd and Cokie Roberts. 
What's on your menu? Still enjoying time in Manchester: In Democratic Debate, Hillary Clintons Focus Is on G.O.P. 
Thank you 
Yes, we're old, but we still vote. Let's come together. 
Funny 
Yes she did. 
