text 
33a460d6ef154c2 already has. Said the judge is Hispanic and hates him. The judge is from Indiana. 
bethanyshondark I clearly missed it, but same here. 
The Worldview Behind 'The Jungle Book' Movie 
Judge sets Trump University hearing for first day of GOP convention 
Doug__Piranha hahahaha 
Via TheTransom, this is a great read on DC v. Marvel at the movies. DC should start by tossing Snyder. 
Great new book coming out from my friend Rebecca Hagelin: 
Im assuming this is a ScamPAC hoping Ill think Ted Cruz is emailing. cc: kenvogel 
Theres such a terrible rape culture in our country claim the leftists who want to let men use the girls restroom. 
kevinbinversie On the second ballot? 
Given What a Judge Did to Donald Trump Today, We Need His Tax Returns 
JesseKellyDC boooo 
Raising Cash in Trumps Name, Whether He Likes It or Not 
This ad is actually pretty terrible. 
Ted Cruz has a delegate problem in Wisconsin thanks to the Wisconsin GOP. 
Skinheads Backing Trump in Pennsylvania 
Why Todays Romp by Trump Doesnt Matter 
CraigLucie Naps help. Im usually okay until about sundown and then gotta sleep. 
CraigLucie You and me both 
Third Statement From Conservatives Against Trump 
FrantzRadio Done! CharlieJThomas 
Let there be light. At conception. 
Donald Trump at least understands the professional GOP consultant class is corrupt. 
DrewRyun LOL 
When your kid eats laundry detergent pods, it is your fault, not Tides fault. 
erin_slaven Thanks for reading and I totally understand about not being able to share. 
I absolutely do not care about Kelly Ripa and that guy who is leaving her show. 
"53 drivers who failed background checks to become Uber drivers have been issued chauffeurs licenses by Austin" 
Actual and Sincere Credit to Donald Trump For This 
"The gospel is not about good people getting better but about bad people being made right with God." 
Ted Cruz -- GOP Moderates Should Vote for Him 
CVincentCollier Yikes. Ill see if I can get it blocked. 
The Cruz-Kasich Alliance is Not a Presidential Ticket 
A boy who cant decide between pizza and chicken nuggets isnt competent to decide hes now a girl. 
When Crazy Takes to the Streets 
KFoleyFL I dont agree with Steve, but Im not going to stop him from writing his thoughts and opinions. 
Porno Robot Monkeys and the Pop Up Window 
ThomasHCrown hahaha 
I Left the Apple Watch Then Went Back to It 
Elaine4Liberty Excellent point. 
iCliffordJ Exactly. 
bj597 God help us. 
Over to you Roddreher 
"Scott was born female and named Abby. But at age 2, the child started identifying as a male." Ummmm  
FLRelicHunter Thank you. Slowly healing. 
TADiLascio Glad to be back! 
jacobperry Thats what I thought. 
So this is an interesting read about one of the lead Branch Trumpidians on twitter. But also oddly written. 
MQSullivan I put "wrote" in quotes in the piece. 
The Man Who Wrote the Book on Deal Making, Cant Close The Deal 
BobfromSalem Slowly on the mend. Thanks for asking. 
A lot of truth in this. 
The very same media covering Trump today will, tomorrow night, again with straight faces again talk about Trump acting more Presidential. 
BillMcKubby hahaha. 
But at least it's not North Carolina. 
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 
This One Tweet Shows why the Cruz-Kasich Deal Will Not Work via LeonHWolf 
Seems like everyone on Team Kasich knows about the deal except Kasich. 
Man who lost to Rick Santorum is as creepy as he was back in the 90s. 
LOL 
It is time for GovPenceIN to endorse TedCruz 
Trumps local campaign chairdeclined to confirm to TIME that he will support Trump 
erickbrockway of course. 
mamaluse Slow to heal, but on my feet. 
jessicaaking13 
My Quiet Role in the Cruz-Kasich Alliance 
Really? A CBS political reporter didnt know about this? Its not even really a secret. 
I think this is my favorite title of anything Ive written. 
Cruz amp; Kasich Team Up Against Trump: What It Means 
ParianC Hahahaha jimwattersCCCD4 
I cooked supper. Even made the biscuits. Didn't really help me feel better though. 
I've watched both seasons of Agent Carter this past week. I really liked it. 
cwrthurman lol 
Search the Internet for "Denver Chocolate Sheet Cake," pull up the New York Times recipe, and bake. 
pattonoswalt Very sorry for your loss. 
JasonShepherd haha nice. 
Believe it or not, this is an improvement. Healing is going to take time. 
laurakfillault MQSullivan resurgent finger in the wind Erickson. 
The Most Dangerous Store In America 
I Assume Conservative Majority Fund is a Scam PAC 
Note to the Donald Trump: April is Child Abuse Prevention Month 
No Way In Hell Will I Ever Vote For Donald Trump 
Dems: pass Obamacare to find out what's in it. GOP: nominate Trump to find out who he really is. 
Still wont vote for Trump. Or Hillary. Not happening. 
Great column by Peggynoonannyc I do think, though, we are lucky to be alive right now. More so for me this week. 
Some group called Conservative Majority has been calling my house every damn day trying to get me to listen to a message from Donald Trump. 
Haiku of the day: My wife is outside Watching a bird learn to fly Then our dog ate it. 
Those opposed to Trump need to recognize (1) hes about to get more wins and (2) he can still be stopped. 
Trump is Going to Have Some Big Wins Soon. And He Can Still Be Stopped. 
Liberals Love This Christian Republican Woman 
Trumps Handlers: You Havent Seen the Real Trump Yet  The Resurgent - 
Trump Doesnt Mind People Trumping Bathroom Privacy 
Due Diligence Matters  The Resurgent - 
TaraSetmayer thank you. 
peterfoster88 wow. Thats pretty pathetic. Haha. 
Club President DavidMMcintosh is going to make a big Georgia endorsement live at 5:39pm on my show.  
Back on the radio. Right now. 
But what if he identified as a teenager? 
Liberals Are In Love With This Christian Republican Woman lifeofgrace224 
Using a Dyson hand dryer is like setting off a viral bomb in a bathroom 
Crony Capitalist Donald Trump Doesnt Mind People Trumping Bathroom Privacy 
Talkmaster LOL 
Trump Begins Moving Left on Abortion. What Will Phyllis Schlafly Think? 
One Fans Goodbye Letter to the NFL and Atlanta Falcons 
Curt Schilling is Right. But He Will Be Made to Care. 
Conservatives Should Oppose the Burr-Feinstein Encryption Bill 
The Conservative Pope and the Reformation 
Conservatives Should Oppose the Burr-Feinstein Encryption Bill 
The Conservative Pope and the Reformation 
TrippusMaximus Gunnar wants me to come to show and tell to show off my bruises from the blood thinner. Haha. 
Hahaha. Had to laugh at this. 
BobPratts it was him 
Near death experience is suppose to alter my views on politics? 
willstauff Thank goodness no. 
KeithOliver09 home 
Thanks MarkArum. Glad to know who sent this. 
Someone sent me this Viking helmet. I have no idea who. But thank you. 
Thanks to whoever sent me the big ass viking helmet. There was no note enclosed. That sucker is huge though. 
Okay America, I shaved. With a razor. And I'm not bleeding to death. This is progress. 
Out of the Hospital and Life is Returning to Normal 
Im slowly getting back to normal thanks to some miracle drugs. 
Finally home. She kinda missed me. 
In my absence make sure you follow Resurgent to keep up with the site. Thank you for your prayers. 
sendavidperdue thank you 
So on Thursday a vein blew. Then they put the high dose blood thinner in me and this happened. 
Good news: getting discharged from the hospital to my own bed. Still need lots of rest, but I can do it at home. Thanks for the prayers. 
MittRomney Thank you. 
Trying Not to Die 
And now Im going to tune out again. 4 days away from Twitter has shown me how unnecessary Twitter really is. 
Thanks for the thoughts and prayers. I am slowly recovering. 
The technical phrase is that my lungs are showered with clots. Finally got out of ICU today thankfully. 
As for ICU, it is rather sobering to have doctors tell you that you should be dead. I had a pulmonary embolism that shattered into pieces. 
Tweeting the exact same thing over and over from different accounts. 
Am getting a steady volume of hate tweets by the hour really suggests an organized and automated system. Particular because so many are 
I think it is further evidence of how automated much of the Trump support is. That Ive had only about a dozen tweets since Thursday and 
Ive been in ICU since Thursday and hardly on the Internet. It amazing me how high the volume of invective is in my mentions column. 
ZackJamesCole praying for you guys. 
jtmcwilliams mattress firm 
I havent been on Twitter in a day, but you guys should look at my mentions. That almost looks automated. 
Have I mentioned that John Kasich is a jerk? 
Hows Joe Paterno? Your Daily Trump Quote 4/14 
Sorry, Gawker: Ted Cruz Knows Exactly What Hes Doing with His Emails 
Even more of a fan of e3laroche after reading this. A good man and great dad. 
That's Central Park down there. 
The Fight for the Presidency Should Not Matter So Much 
Ted Cruz Is Still A Senator: Cruz and Lee Introduce Bill to Roll Back Choke Point 
TaraSetmayer Thanks. 
The anger in this Presidential election would not have happened if Washington stayed within its bounds of power. 
Via Chris and Dana Loesch, this is the funniest, greatest thing you'll read today: 
BetheHuntington it is. 
The Fight for the Presidency Should Not Matter So Much 
The Second Statement From Conservatives Against Trump 
A Trump Spokesperson Seriously Criticizes Donald Trump 
Have y'all followed resurgent yet? Please do. 
charlybobarley 
The CDC says the zika virus is worse than we thought, but God forbid we break out the DDT. 
LBCChromatics Wow. Very. 
Spaghetti Junction from 13,000 feet. Traffic looks okay. 
How Long Until Trump Supporters Carry Out Their Death Threats? 
The conservatives considering a third party if Trump is the GOP nominee met again and issued this statement: 
This civilities columnist just sounds like a delightful person. 
A church abandons scripture and sees its membership abandon it. 
Trump should sue his campaign team for malpractice given this news. But it is good news for  
Ummmneither did Muslims. 
Trump and his kids sound like rich people who think the rules shouldn't apply to them. 
This is so stupid. Come back to me after he has weathered a $100 million negative campaign against him. 
Leaving UCONN after a great night speaking to their College Republicans. The university is out 
With a May 7 Deadline, Trump Only Hired a California Political Director Yesterday 
To Be Unlikeable 
A Civics Primer for Fifth Graders (and Donald Trump) 
gardenofthegods absolutely 
Great time speaking to the University of Connecticut College Republicans today. 
ScottInTheATL I'm giving a speech tonight. Back tomorrow. 
I can't decide who the biggest whiners and professional victims are on Twitter, the Black Lives Matter crowd or Branch Trumpidians. 
Mattfobrien LOL 
Sometimes you have to take people at their word instead of building elaborate conspiracies in your mind. 
Glad to support Speaker Ryan for PresierrrrCongress. 
Despite Trumps Whining, The Primary Rules Are BENEFITING Him Over Cruz via jaycaruso 
Rush Is Right: Ted Cruz Is Not Cheating 
matthewhurtt neither are Vienne, GA or Cairo, GA pronounced and you'd normally say them. 
Were Paul Ryan to die tomorrow, Drudge would just accuse him of trying to get the Chicago and New Orleans cemetery vote for President. 
Mike Lee Endorses Marlin Stutzman 
TheRickWilson well, if his kids read that tweet, they'll nod knowingly that they conveniently forgot to register to vote. 
The Trump campaign mixed up Washington the state with Washington the district. 
Amateur Hour Continues at the Trump Campaign 
Donalds Children Will Not Be Voting For Him  The Resurgent - 
Donald Trump Knew About Colorados Rules Last August  The Resurgent - 
Donald Trumps Children Wont Be Voting For Him 
Talkmaster not at all surprised. 
Sad to see Trump supporters now attacking Rush Limbaugh for noting that Cruz did not steal Colorado. 
Trump supporters now giving out the home addresses and phone numbers of CO-GOP leaders, but accuse Cruz of Gestapo like tactics. 
Over Sixty Percent of Trumps Twitter Followers are Fake or Inactive via LeonHWolf 
So sad to see. 
Sadly we have to add Eagle Forum to groups imploding because of Donald Trump. So sad to see. 
Trump and Drudge Are Lying to You About Colorado Delegates 
In August of 2015, the Colorado GOP announced it was changing procedure. They did so publicly. 
Ummm....is Caitlyn the blonde next to Kris? So confusing. 
JakeSherman glad the tide is turning for sure. 
I thought Donald Trump told us we'd all get tired of him winning so much. Well 
"Gestapo" 
Yes Trump supporters. Voting is rigged so please don't go vote in any more primaries. Stay home. 
Rose 
Its not that the system is rigged. Its that the system is designed for both parties to produce a nominee representative of the party. 
Russ Feingolds War on the F/A-18 Super Hornet 
Trump voters are so pissed off at the rich changing rules for their benefit, they're backing a rich guy who wants the rules changed. 
If Jordan Spieth Were Trump 
If Trump Doesnt Understand 156 Year Old Political Rules, How Will He Understand the Presidency? 
Trump Had Five Bad Losses Thru the Weekend 
twitter problems: pornbots are filling up my mentions with the exact same video and tweet. Twitter doesn't autoblock cc: pmarca 
Trump supporters passing around fake news from Macedonia as real. 
Interestingly enough, after several of us revealed that Trumps bots have a Kremlin orientation, the bots are now pornbots spamming us. 
The Trump supporters found out about my $3 million. 
presjpolk Aaron_RS now they all start with "I'm a Cruz supporter, but" 
Spring munchkin carrots. 
Trump Voters Are Not The People We Thought They Were 
The marsh  Big Talbot Island State Park 
ericbollling ahhh. I see the spelling now. LOL. 
ericbollling Last point: I make exactly zero dollars from The Resurgent. Haven't taken a penny. 
ericbollling If an ad makes me bought off, then I guess you and I are in the same boat since Fox takes advertisements from the same group. 
ericbollling Just FYI, my alleged undisclosed payment was an advertisement on my site for a week that I wrote about several times. 
Just posted a photo 
Sunset comes to Talbot Island 
RagCon Oh hes long been a friend and mentor, but seeing some folks beat him up I figured Id put that out there. 
Im glad to count marklevinshow as a friend and mentor. 
So Ben Carson is the latest to come off like an idiot trying to defend Team Trump. 
PRPOnline Also deny. No one has to pay me to go after Donald Trump. But they did advertise. 
PRPOnline They advertised on my site. I got 10K for the ads and wrote about it three times at the time of the ads. 
chefcam Have you been to UGA lately? 
RyanYackAttack hahahaha 
If my choice is between Hillary Clinton and the Hillary Clinton donor who white supremacists like, Ill go with a third party. 
keys_18_keys It was called advertisements for a week on the site. 
Weavbo already having to have it because of Trump supporters. 
Hey dailycaller, I got ads on my site. They werent boobs, so you might not have noticed them. But that was it. Ads 
Dangit KatiePack where is my $3 million? 
Everything Awful About Trump's Campaign in One Tweet 
Nabisco, spreading liberal propaganda on your Honey Maid graham crackers 
I'd bet the farm that Trumps campaign will reach out to Kasich soon to see if they can convince him to bow out. - 
BWitherel except the guest host was talking about a loca Atlanta issue. The callers claimed they were listening to me at that time. 
RyanYackAttack I won't retweet that but amen. 
Y'all should all go read this. Coming soon to a public school near you. 
If Trump cannot win on the first ballot outright with 1,237 delegates, he is toast. - 
Trump voters have actually aligned themselves with the establishment in primary after primary. 
Trump voters are either voting for Trump and ignoring down ballot races or voting for establishment incumbents - 
Donald Trumps campaign has essentially been a wildfire no one could control. - 
Since January, Trumps standing in national polling has only gone up about five percentage points. - 
The Coming Days Will Reveal John Kasichs True Intentions 
Trump voters are not actually as committed to making America great again as they claim. The proof is in their votes. 
Some Pro-Trump Twitter Accounts Appear To Be Part Of Marketing Campaign. The Kremlin at work. 
Last week, people called my show to complain about what I was saying about Trump right then. But I was on vacation 
Growing Up is Hard to Do 
Esimm LOL 
Bill doesnt realize he cant do another Sister Souljah moment in the Age of Obama. 
thebrandons2009 Yes. Dont mention it. Ive already taken five cold showers. 
1,237 Is Not Just Rule, But Essentially Is Law 
PayPal does business in countries that kill gay people but... 
techno_techie haha. No 
MaryAnn1942 ericbolling Personally, Id take any of them over Trump. 
What do Ted Cruz and the Average Russian Have in Common? via LeonHWolf 
Heres Why John Kasich Is Beating Hillary Clinton So Decisively 
yamomhousenow shut up, egg. 
PayPal Processed Payments For Weapons of Mass Destruction Tech, But Boycotts North Carolina Over Bathrooms. 
Thats pretty awesome  a wooden car from Toyota. 
BrianFaughnan BenHowe 
Why, hello there. 
K_P_Brown hfearny Here: or here: 
Oooohhhhhhhhhhh. 
jessicaaking13 search Twitter. Also go watch fox from Tuesday. 
TrumpInfoMin I understand your point, but I think changing a majority requirement is a significant issue that would raise a legal issue. 
1,237 Is Not Just Rule, But Essentially Is Law 
ananavarro lol 
RonBrownstein yep 
MrSisXian Agreed. They do. But changing it after four decades and telling each candidate in 2016 it would be majority rule is an issue 
Interestingly, the Democrats used to require two-thirds support until the early 20th century. 
Every political party in the US with ballot access requires candidates obtain majority support of convention delegates, not a plurality. 
MrSisXian I think if the party changed its rules after telling every candidate they had to go for 1237, a court probably would intervene. 
Reince Exactly. Every single political party in the United States requires it. I just got finished reading even the Green Party rules. 
8. Trump has to adhere to the majority rule requirements of the GOP and the GOP has to as well. If he cant get 1237, they cant reduce it. 
7. In other words, Trump went with a party to avoid signature requirements for an independent run. As a result  
6. There is a commingling of law and rule and scrapping majority requirements would put law and rule on a collision course. 
5. The states shape ballot access under their election codes via the rules of parties with ballot access. 
4. If the party changed that rule after all the votes in the 50 states and territories had ended, thered be legal implications because 
3. There are legal implications though. The candidates ran on a rule req. of a majority of 2472 delegates. 
2. Not that the party would want to change majority rule, but the Trump supporters think a plurality should be okay. 
1. Given how intertwined party nom. processes are with ballot access laws in all 50 states, the GOP couldnt really change the 1237 req. 
New Ted Cruz Ad For New York Ties Donald Trump To Democrats And Corruption via streiffredstate 
Matthops82 I turn into a cave man when the wife leaves town with the kids. I sit on the front porch with pizza, beer, cigars, and grunt. 
BenSasse Thats awesome. 
Michael00720503 hahaha 
Trump Should Know Playing by the Rules isnt Stealing 
dotsonc booo 
So less than a majority. 
The media acting as if the NY situation for Cruz is static after last night is silly. 
When Trump finally is done and wants back into celebrity society in NYC, his easiest vehicle will be to go David Brock on his conservatives 
Ummmmmm  
The use of the word "blasphemous" 
daveweigel Yeah, I actually remember several people on Fox talking about it being a lot of blue collar white voters, which would help Trump 
Two people with direct knowledge so Manafort and the fired guy? I think the knives are out for Lewandowski. 
continetti from the anti-GM people trying to educate me. 
continetti You know, when I filled in for Rush last July I went on a tirade about the anti-GM crusade. To this very day I still get emails 
Given Putins  dabblings in the affairs of other countries, Trump is just the sort of man hed want to prop up 
flyfischer4428 hahaha 
What if much of Trump's *perceived* support is actually Russians, actors, and paid seminar callers? 
I remember when all of Ted Cruzs best states were finished voting on March 1st. 
Between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, only one of them has gotten over 50 outside his home state. And it isnt Trump. 
Since January, Trump has only really gone up in the national polling by about five percent. 
Ted Cruz Has Vastly Outperformed Donald Trump Over the Long Haul 
Heres Why I Donated to Paul Ryans Re-Election Campaign 
Oh boy . . . 
Wonder if the Trump staff remembered to toss food into Chris Christie's cage tonight since they didn't let him out. 
At what point does Lewandowski become expendable to Trump? 
Sometimes youre on the Island of Misfit Toys for more than just having tiny hands. 
"The campaign hasn't been able to access some of its own data since Braynard's exit." Top men, people. Top men. 
Cruz is doing better in Wisconsin against Trump than Romney did in 2012 against Santorum. More votes, wider margin, and more delegates. 
Trumps statement tonight is more the real Trump than the staged victory speeches. This statement reflects his nature and character. 
Funny Trump would mention trojan horses tonight. I always assumed he leaned more toward Planned Parenthood than prophylactics. 
8 Signs You May Be In A Cult - via lifeofgrace224 Trump supporters needs this. 
JustinFarmerWSB theyre going to make me. 
Y'all read this and if you don't come away thinking about Trump and his supporters, you might need an intervention: 
Where advertisers are now called donors 
DrewRyun haha. Ill work on it. 
How much longer tonight until the Trump supporters blame TedCruzs win on Canadian illegal immigrants? 
thebballqueen 
petemitchellmav bat crap crazy 
LuciusCoverdale Thanks. I dont like it, but the stuff I cant talk about has been incredible. 
Trump campaign reconfirms he is a jackass in his losing statement on being a loser tonight. 
Actual email I got tonight. 
LuciusCoverdale Yep 
Trump supporters tonight actually think it more likely that an election was rigged than that a poll was wrong. LOL 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Trump supporters already claiming Wisconsin was rigged. 
Watching the GOP consultants who were ready to sign on with Trump now pretend they never were is really funny. 
Donald Trump is a shameless liar. 
A buddy tells me Wisconsin is Trumptose intolerant.  
 
Donald Trump is a choker. A real choker in Wisconsin. He just choked. Weak! Pathetic! 
Hey JohnKingCNN looks like  does have some momentum. ;) 
Trump voters will now use the ARG poll as the reason they now ignore all polls except Drudge. 
Where are the Branch Trumpidians to disrupt Cruzs speech tonight? 
A safe and sane future. Cruz really rebuking Trump and the anger that has fueled him. 
Thinking Im going to need a bullet proof vest for Cleveland now. 
Email I just got: "Jeb Bush shot a Space Shuttle entering earth's atmosphere thereby pulling apart and killing the crew. 
BillKristol dangit, I want to be a Bilderberger. MarvinDailey 
Yall, pray for Chris Christie. He might not be let out of his cage tonight. 
WinterbleShow exactly. 
When is Trump back on Hannity to talk about New York? 
Another reminder that ARG is a garbage poll. 
So it looks possible Cruz could be the nominee winning more states in his nomination process than Clinton in hers. 
Cue up the Cruz-Walker 2016 chatter. 
DavidMDrucker Yep 
Significant for Cruz that his win came in prime time. Now he needs to get out and speak in prime time too  a rarity for his campaign. 
There we have it. Cruz is called the winner of Wisconsin by the press. 
Trump supporter still championing the confederacy: 
JayCaruso That poor guy has lost his mind. 
Tonight, Wisconsin is going all Janet Reno on the Branch Trumpidians. 
Good on SykesCharlie and the rest of Wisconsin conservative talk radio for staying conservative and not selling out. 
2 seconds!! 
Congratulations to John Kasich for coming in 3rd tonight and the media talking heads treating it as a 1st place win to ignore tedcruz 
Im going to Decision Desk HQ, but still seeing the March races up and not tonight. Help!! 
Trump voters get plurality and majority confused: 
This is as insane as the crazy cat lady in the Washington Post. 
ThisIsNotCarver Oh yes, but it doesnt make it so. 
I guess Drudge Report will stop covering the Reuters tracking poll now. 
Were seriously not supposed to point out this is a mental health issue? Really? 
The crazy cat lady who wrote this has a twitter feed that reads as bat poop crazy as this. 
4-Year-Old Out of Preschool over LGBT Agenda in Colorado 
What Will of the People Are We Talking About? 
What the heck?! 
richsullivan always that way 
Trump supporters suddenly stop believing in polls. 
Trump voter: 
bryanpruitt hahaha 
Major Trump promoter suggests Branch Trumpidians will engage in violence and intimidation against GOP delegates 
Trump voter. 
ReneJFerranJr but a tiny middle finger. lachlan 
littlebob999 There are more non-Catholic Hispanic Christians in America than there are Episcopalians. 
littlebob999 Episcopalians technically did not arise from the Protestant Reformation, but not the point he was making 
There are three times more Protestant Hispanics in the United States than Episcopalians. 
claytalks If you want to be on the side of Neo-Nazis and white supremacists, have at it. 
Thank you PhilBryantMS for signing HB 1523. 
Donald Trump turns Mississippi into a swing state while losing Utah to Hillary Clinton. 
brookscanderson The DEP is derp 
A Trump Supporter Tries to Defend Trump. It Goes Horribly Wrong For Her. 
No doubt a Trump University graduate. 
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 
Mitch McConnell Lines Up Against Marlin Stutzman, So Support Marlin 
The Branch Trumpidians have a Department of EnvironMENTAL 
According to Donald Trump, there is something in Washington called the "Department of Environmental" 
After years of telling conservative they were dreaming impossible dreams, the GOP elite in DC are now doing it. 
Trump supporter: 
JasonHornbuckle that you're holding on to something from seven years ago helps make my point. 
JesseKellyDC Hahahaha. 
Trump supporters on Twitter are the most unpleasant people on Twitter outside of the transgender advocacy groups. 
AndrewBeatty likewise some of the Ebola fear mongering accounts run by the troll shop are also now all in for Trump. 
AndrewBeatty widely considered one of those accounts run by the troll shop in Moscow. Now it's all Trump all the time. 
AndrewBeatty well, interestingly enough, the Twitter account that blamed Turkey for the San Bernardino attack was, at the time, widely 
Gollum and Trump do have the same basic hair style. 
Wake up, look at Twitter, see all the white genocide tweets in my mentions. Yep. Moscow is still pushing Trump. 
Id vote for Mattis. 
Back from vacation. About to be on radio. 
King Herod did wonderful things. 
Have y'all followed resurgent yet? Please do. 
TV News in March: Trump Gets 5x More Airtime than Cruz 
1791IowaPatriot Thanks and glad to be on with BuckSexton, who is a terrific guy. 
Pastor Robert Jeffress Thinks King Herod Did Wonderful Things 
The Church Should Remember This Martin Luther King, Jr. Quote 
Over at The Resurgent, I've decided to start using this picture whenever I discuss the Branch Trumpidians. 
pswice hahaha. You're fired. 
Jesus Lives  The Resurgent 
conradclose LOL. I so hate getting up the morning to finish them. But the kids love them. 
We arent a democracy, were a republic! says the man who is upset that the GOP is upsetting the will of the people. 
Making fried cheese to go with the pizza. 
Robert Jeffress is now defending Planned Parenthood. Those who enter Trump's orbit come out without integrity. 
Toncuz oh. Hahaha. I made the dough last night. 
Toncuz I put it in a saucier and let it reduce, thicken, and concentrate. 
Making pizza sauce for supper. 
Intimidating Christians on Sunday morning.  
dandarling they are most excellent. 
BishopIAnderson I can do it. 
Yeah. They're really good. 
Glazed and ready to eat 
Making the glaze 
Twenty-five minutes in the oven. 
Let them rise for an hour. 
Teaching Sunday School today about definitive and progressive sanctification. John Murray for the win. 
Use thread to cut it into twelve rolls. 
Roll it into an 18" long log and score it every 1.5" 
Cover in cinnamon and sugar. 
Roll the dough and smear butter. 
From pizza dough to cinnamon rolls. Tomorrow is the last day of spring break and the kids want 
baseballscooter half and half. 00 and all purpose. 
Getting pizza dough ready for supper tomorrow. 
And all the Branch Trumpidians immediately claim that of course Lewandowski should have apologized. 
Loved hitting golf balls with my 7yo this week. He said, "Dad, I think I like golf better than 
My view for the past week. It wasn't long enough.  Sea Pines On Hilton Head Island 
He's working on his game.  Heron Point by Pete Dye at The Sea Pines Resort 
So long beach house. See you later.  Sea Pines On Hilton Head Island 
Hey RepKevinCramer sad to hear you are helping Trump. Gonna cost us the House and Senate. But maybe you can get a pony ride. 
The Baynard ruins in Hilton Head.  Baynard Ruins, Hilton Head 
McCormackJohn she probably is too now because that's what Trump supporters do 
Had we not had this gap in primaries for Trump to flail about 
Trump went from wanting to jail women to not wanting to jail women to being pro-choice in less than 24 hours. 
Trump supporters are terribly angry with me today.  
Fun while it lasted. Then we went home.  Sea Pines Plantation Hilton Head SC 
TheRickWilson His version vastly improves the NIN version and I like NIN. 
TheRickWilson I played Cashs Hurt for my kids yesterday. Theyve become Johnny Cash fans. 
Encourage Mississippi's Governor Phil Bryant to support religious liberty legislation in that state. 
Tell Mississippis Governor to Support Religious Liberty 
This is an ad on my Instagram feed. I wonder if Donald Trump will be your professor teaching you 
Animal rights protestors remain terrible people. 
See this: Like it? Go here: 
ecmprint AWESOME! 
sav01 Because I'm on vacation. 
TylerRAndrews same here 
A lot of Trump voters have failed at life and blame others for their own poor decisions. Theyre using Trump as a vehicle for revenge. 
Certain Talk Radio and Television Hosts Will Ignore This. You Should Not. 
Rand Pauls April Fools Day endorsement is a pretty good indicator of why his Presidential bid failed. 
This is Nathan Deals church. The church pastor is defending Deals decision to veto the religious liberty bill. 
George Soross Henchmen Attack Ted Cruz. Wall Street Journal Joins Them. 
RyanYackAttack hahahaha 
RyanYackAttack Your movie opinions are suspect. haha. 
NoahCRothman I dont have interns. I do TV, radio, 3 weekly columns, a website, and I have no interns or ghostwriters. Argh. 
connerhuff I think pigs have a better chance of flying. 
BradThor KatMcKinley hahaha 
SethAMandel Given Roves well known hostility to all things Cruz, I bet thats the point. 
KatMcKinley We have become our parents with tweets like this. 
Ive read a whole bunch about Batman v. Superman. But very little suggests Zack Snyder might need to go. But he should. 
The actual GOP establishment at work: 
Unbelievable: Trump surrogate BLAMES PROLIFERS for Trumps idiotic statement on abortion!!! 
Again, if I were Vladimir Putin, Id be propping up Donald Trumps campaign 
Tech guys: Damn federalism and the whole idea of semi-sovereign states. We need central planning. 
This Data Actually Shows Just How Impressive a Salesman Donald Trump Is 
If I were Vladimir Putin, I'd be propping up a candidate like Trump to destabilize the West, including using social media trolls. 
John Kasich's Super PAC becomes Donald Trump's Super PAC. 
When the alt-right defenders say it isnt about race: 
Because he is the one guy not getting attacked. 
BDOH LOL 
Make no mistake about it, the alt-right is a group of white nationalists masquerading online as simple contrarians. 
A reader sent me this. Can't stop laughing. 
jaredstill Ditto. KatiePavlich DLoesch megynkelly 
Donald Trump brings out the worst in people and his supporters have zero commitment to making America great again. 
15-Year-Old Protester Pepper Sprayed At Trump Rally, Claims She Was Groped (VIDEO) 
First lesson for the 7yo.  Ocean Course at The Sea Pines Resort 
Mike Huckabees daughter is the latest person to enter the Trump orbit and come away with no integrity. 
MACalabro thanks 
AdamAtUBC Except theyre calling about stuff Im allegedly saying *tonight* and Im on vacation. 
5. Also, I appreciate that so many people think I have a national radio show. Nope, just on the largest talk station in the country. 
4. Which is pretty damn impossible since Im off all week. 
3. Not only that, but my screener tells me a lot of the callers are not even from Georgia but they are hearing what Im saying *tonight* 
2. Further evidence that much of the online/talk radio Trump support is manufactured. 
1. Getting a lot of callers to my radio show today to take issue with what Im saying today on radio about Trump. But Im on vacation. 
Another reminder I will never, ever vote for Donald Trump. You Branch Trumpidians can have him. I want no part of your cult. 
Donald Trump amp; Hillary Clinton: Equally Terrible for Conservatives 
Trump Asks If He Can Press Charges Against Michelle Fields for Asking Him Questions 
jpodhoretz LOL. 
Bruises are not credible evidence. 
I deserve some blame for the rise of Trump. But so do you. 
Dear national media: *now* will you ask Trump about Corey Lewandowski assaulting a reporter? 
Trump supporters melting down in my twitter feed and Trump shills distancing themselves from Trump. Tuesday in WI is going to be hilarious. 
Trump stood on stage praising Corey Lewandowski after the assault. Hillary is going to have a field day with that commercial. 
This is the rationalization you get from Scientologists: 
"I'll be the greatest President for women ever," doesn't really work when your campaign manager is arrested for battery. 
Drudge headline Corey charged with battery on reporter amazing. Must really think his audience knows which Corey. 
I'm honestly shocked Trump has not yet fired the person who scheduled these interviews. 
mindyfinn Amen. I use him regularly in discussions with my kids on how not to act. 
KristinaRibali Aaron_RS my favorite restaurant lines the bottom of the ramekins with white chocolate. 
I saw Deadpool last night. I laughed the whole way through it, feeling guilty that I laughed so much. 
ProudoftheUSA veto to 52886 
jczrn maybe one day MarkArum wsbradio 
Must read of the day from my friends at the ERLC about RFRA in Georgia. 
Stubby fingered coward. 
Wisconsin talk radio hosts led by SykesCharlie are doing good work against Trump. Wonder if Trump fired any PR people after today. 
matthew_hand yes: 
TrippeWilkes nope. But you get a week. wsbradio MarkArum 
If you live in Georgia, text VETO to 52886 to urge your state legislator to override Governor 
If you live in Georgia, go here to urge your legislator to override Governor Deal's veto of HB757: 
MrJoshPerry same here 
Updated my iPhone to iOS 9.3 and my battery lasts about 3 hours. 
Don't think it is surprising GovernorDeal decided to veto the religious liberty bill, but completely tone deaf to do it day after Easter 
bkey2 yep 
Wonderful Easter Service at hiltonheadpca today. 
Ok. This made me laugh. 
Looking at my Twitter feed on this anniversary of our Lord's resurrection. Shaking my head and turning it off again. 
VoteMarsha you too. 
Happy Easter. He is risen. Death is conquered. 
Happy Easter. He conquered death. 
The protoevangelium 
Happy Easter. He is risen. 
The grass withers, the flowers fade, but the Word stands forever. 
Ol' blue eyes 
The gap between Trump and Cruz now is smaller than Trump's hands. 
Listen to Death In His Grave by John Mark McMillan on AppleMusic. Perfect for Holy Saturday. 
This made me laugh. 
WMatthewDavis 
aedgagt Reformation Study Bible ESV version. 
jacobitweet I left RedState in December and I didn't write that piece. 
Since therefore the children share in flesh and blood, he himself likewise partook of the same 
brithume conradclose here's a great new one I used to end my radio show today: 
MParker_Radio thanks for listening. Good to see you last night. 
Thanks for listening to the show tonight. Well have the podcast up shortly. 
DuBoseJoshua Thanks for listening. 
matthewrings Its fantastic. 
candicetodd 5 years now. 
Time to talk gospel. Listen live at 
Send pacifiers to the Emory University students. 
For those of you listening to the Good Friday Show tonight, here's all the music we're playing: 
brucerhodes Thanks 
The 25th of March is the day Sauron fell and death was conquered. 
My one day a year on radio to focus on the gospel. Cant get to church? Tune in: 
KyleKutz42 thanks 
ShaneyBeeBack I started to harass you about coming in and running the board with Andrew. LOL. 
pbethancourt At 7:34pm ET youll hear Redemption_Citys Come Lord Jesus 
I scored 62 in charlesmurray's "Do You Live in a Bubble" quiz. Take it NewsHour 
I invite you all to tune in tonight at 5:08pm ET for my annual Good Friday Show: 
Death losing its sting. 
The Historic Consequences of the Cross 
Trump supporters have their panties in a wad over a made up affair while supporting a man who had bragged about actual affairs. 
Trump supporters' online and offline behavior just reinforces I have no intention of being affiliated with a political party led by that guy 
Seeing the lies about my friend amandacarpenter, I take some comfort in there being a day of judgment and hell fire. 
BenSasse given this: maybe it's time for you to endorse tedcruz 
byrdmanRR94 I don't put the ads in. The company that does the email ads generates it. I need to block that one. 
DaltonChaseReed I will see it multiple times, but every review is terrible. 
DougTurnbull one hour from our office to Church of the Apostles. 
MattWalshBlog after trying for three years to pass RFRA in Georgia, it's either this or no religious liberty protection at all. 
NoahCRothman about saving down ballot races than I am the blame game. 
NoahCRothman Im not persuaded we shouldnt go third party, but I do think it is a valid argument. I think, though, Im more worried 
JohnDWeldon Text PROTECT to 52886 
Talkmaster LOL. I got listeners to change their mascot on Wikipedia to the pansy. 
When Ben Affleck is the one redeeming part of a movie, you know the movie really, seriously sucks. 
petemitchellmav Told you so. Haha 
petemitchellmav Id retweet you, but youd have to deal with the hate the rest of the day. But youre right. 
Zack Synder makes everything terrible. The one movie that should be difficult to screw up is going to suck. 
TADiLascio Thanks. 
If you need further evidence that Kasich is now working with Trump, here you go. 
"Johnson says their team of volunteers is comprised of  crisis specialists who are also White nationalists." 
tubadork Coming next! 
I asked my listeners to go make sure Wikipedia is updated to reflect Emorys nickname is pansies. LOL. 
Kasich has already been mathematically eliminated from winning the nomination outright. 
Is entanpanuer a white meat enchilada? 
Have y'all followed resurgent yet? Please do. 
HAHAHAHAHA 
Thinking of a GoFundMe account to raise money to fly a plane over Emory University with a Donald Trump banner. 
John Kasich would now need 128 of remaining delegates to be the GOP nominee. 
Gotta give it to Apple. iPhone to iPhone calls sound better than landline calls. 
clintnwilson Youd be surprised. 
RonBrownstein forgot to add regular church goers to that list. 
Tell Ben Sasse, Scott Walker, and Marco Rubio that it is time to unite to stop Trump: 
Ben Carson super PAC still trying to get senior citizens to give them cash. 
Dear everyone, in Georgia we call Emory students Emorrhoids thanks to talkmaster. Its a pretty accurate description of them. 
Emorrhoids are too emotionally fragile to handle chalk scribbling with Donald Trump's name. 
This morning, for the first time this political season, I donated to a Presidential candidate. 
The downside of an election year is that we should be focusing on the cross this week instead of states and delegates. 
conradclose LOL ditto. 
My Rubio supporting friends aren't going to like this, but . . . 
A Kasich supporter. 
Ben Sasse, Scott Walker, Marco Rubio, and More Need to Stand Up 
Zack Snyder is going to make a movie about Batman and Superman fighting each other suck. Think about that, people. 
Wow, so Utah really does hate Trump. 
If Cruz had done X and if Rubio had done Y and if frogs had wings they wouldnt land on their butts. 
ScottJCitron Yes and if frogs had wings they wouldnt land on their butts. 
Cruz supporters: If only Rubio had gotten out Rubio supporters: If only Cruz had attacked Trump Trump supporters: Were kick yalls asses 
Insert tweet here arguing over what candidates should have done in shoulda-coulda-woulda land. 
Darkmanx8558 Early voting has been going on since February 24th. 
JayCostTWS yes 
OK. Ive finished Daredevil tonight. I wont give spoilers, but WOW! Now angry I have to wait a year for Season 3. 
Cruz people blaming Rubio tonight for AZ is bullcrap. 
I just called on Ben Sasse, Marco Rubio, and Scott Walker to endorse Ted Cruz. Join me: 
Hey marcorubio, it is time for you to endorse TedCruz. We must stop Trump for the good of the country. 
Hey GovWalker, it is time for you to endorse TedCruz. We must stop Trump for the good of the country. 
Hey SenSasse, it is time for you to endorse TedCruz. We must stop Trump for the good of the country. 
Tintin  
prittct thanks 
This may be the stupidest thing to appear on Twitter ever. Also theologically terrible 
Benitadodd Thanks 
Here is the GoFundMe account for John Zimmermann, who had his truck and all his equipment stolen. 
Funniest thing I've ready today. 
This t-shirt showed up in the mail today. Love it. 
This showed up today. Thanks hagerwatches 
People are fickle and prone to idols. People surrender their anger to idols, often the idols of their mind. 
RachelKayTaylor I can do that! 
andrewtwalk Looks like Redemption_City is going to make the cut! 
MarkArum LOL 
Most difficult day of the year: settling on the music for my Good Friday Show. 
Hey Marco Rubio: Time to Suck It Up 
MattWalshBlog Yep 
Has there been a less memorable and less exciting Apple event than todays? 
RyanYackAttack Yes it does 
Someone doesnt understand how this all works. 
RyanYackAttack yep 
DustinMoody hahaha. Yep. 
Trump voters think because 65 of my listening audience did not vote for Trump that I'm hurting my career by opposing Trump. 
In Trumpistan, putting up ads and noting in multiple instances that they were advertisers means I didn't disclose an advertiser. 
Headed to TV for my weekly flogging for not being on the Trump train. 
Aaron_RS hahaha 
VictoriaCoates Jealous 
Go read this: Then go here: 
stangodard 600 thread count Egyptian cotton! 
A small businessman in Georgia had his tools and equipment stolen. A GoFundMe account has been set up to help him. 
Good grief. Going to start my show with this local story ahead of everything national. 
Garrett_Moore We may get to that point. 
This Is Not 1980, And Donald Trump Is Not Ronald Reagan 
Judge asks US to defend secrecy of Trump associate's history 
WBVT_98FM Oh you really should read it. Youll enjoy it. Guess I should have put apology in quotes. 
A Georgia judge just lowered the threshold for a third party run in Georgia. Now just need 7500 signatures. 
Suddenly realize I have to have the music done for the Good Friday Show in two days. 
Obama Claims the Presidency Is Not a Reality Show 
John Kasich Has No Money or Mathematical Way to Be the Nominee 
Today at 51 Louisiana Ave, NW, Washington, DC, the Republican Party Will Kneel Before Trump 
I think I just won the internet tonight: cc: DennyBurk 
Daredevil Damn skippy! 
Guy who plays Star Trek in his moms basement has delusions of grandeur. 
These people really are insane. In no reality did this happen. 
eblakehaas writing the story 
TFCochran You gotta read the piece 
I Owe Donald Trump and His Supporters an Apology 
Can someone come feed my kids? I'm binge watching Daredevil and don't want to stop. 
The Dogwood blossom has always been my favorite.  Mabel White Baptist Church 
I love spring  Mabel White Baptist Church 
At This Time, Public Talk of a Third Party is Detrimental to Helping Cruz Beat Trump 
Let's do this. 
This was an argument to have before it became mathematically impossible for Kasich to get 1,237 delegates. 
iMozii Oh those sound good. Thanks. 
A school teacher in New York City hopes a child dies because the kid's mom opposes Trump. 
NoahCRothman Theres a plan in the works. 
John Kasich cannot be trusted on judges. 
okmaher Thanks! I think were okay. Weve got guns and ammo and freshly baked bread. Haha. 
PeteGrein Yep 
In the age of Trump, my family and I now have to have security at our home. 
God bless the friend who suggested Branch Trumpidians 
MurrayFullerton thanks. 
The Resurgent Mission(al) Statement 
Hahahahaha. The stupid. 
Trying to make everybody go to bed so I can watch Daredevil 
But not at the time I tweet this: 
Hulk (Hogan) Smash!!!! 
brianstelter Hasnt hurt my ratings. 
Check out these two voicemails from a Trump supporter to my radio show. 
Trump supporters have taken a new tactic from Islamists: convert or die. 
This. 
FunkyCrypto_bot hahaha 
Trump voters label everyone who opposes Trump as "establishment," when the better word is "American." Read more here 
Spring has sprung. 
Is firing dogs something stubby fingered men do? 
DennyBurk thanks. 
Poor dog. 
hahahahahaha 
DLoesch apparently not. 
Here's a good list of books for Spring Break. via albertmohler 
Mattfobrien Oh gotcha. Thanks. 
Mattfobrien I dont have a need to apologize to them. I took bullets to my career theyll never have to take. 
brodigan LOL 
I appreciate all the people telling me Im not pure  enough. I remember when they uninvited Trump from their event last August. 
moderright Appreciated ur bold stand last August uninviting Trump from your event. And also writing the piece that kicked off  
We all need to pay for RBPundit. He does not seem mentally stable right now. 
Cult: 
Republicans who supported impeaching billclinton and are now supporting Trump owe the former president an apology. 
Eggs. 
First grade Easter egg hunt. 
Proud of my friend amandacarpenter 
notaliberalmrj HAHAHAHA. You win. 
PastorSJCamp Im in seminary right now. Ive read it and keep reading it. Thanks for that recommendation. 
jacobperry Beat them here they go back into the shadows. 
I need book recommendations for vacation. 
Trump Voters Begin Arguing Against Their Data 
Very proud of RedState and I'm glad I left it in capable hands. This is a good read. 
"Non-establishment conservatives are providing the most vocal resistance to the bombastic businessman." 
jason_howerton LOL. Yep. 
jason_howerton Amen. If Trump gets elected, Im sticking around just to annoy him. 
BuckSexton hahaha 
In Hollywood, even the heroes are portrayed as villains. Sad. 
BuckSexton So a short conversation? ;) 
seanhannity Just so were clear  I wont unite behind Trump. A Trump nomination gives us Hillary. 
Always funny how many Fox hosts do stories based on what Ive done. Im always willing to come on and discuss it myself. 
This is true. 
polticalhndyman Higher than ever. 
MaryVought YAY! Awesome. RMConservative 
The Will of the People is Crap 
ProducerSusan what a hypocrite. 
So I was willing to shoot the hostages in the debt ceiling and in the govt shutdown. The youll get Hillary threat d/n work with me. 
Coming up on Fox Business with Charles Payne. 
Checks boxes or checkbooks? 
Here is the statement agreed to by the conservatives who met this morning to stop Trump: 
Why Ted Cruz Should Reach Out To Mitch McConnell via dailycaller 
DavidLimbaugh LOL. I was just emailing you. 
IAMMGraham Amazing how the opponents of HB757 havent even read it. 
"If we must have an enemy at the head of government, let it be one whom we can oppose, and for whom we are not responsible. 
Ive signed no loyalty oath to Donald Trump and have no obligation to vote for gold plated sleeze. 
Read this and thought of seanmdav 
BrandonSmith85 I love having a seminary professor who loathes Barth. LOL. 
ryanpernice Nice. 
Never ceases to amaze me the number of people who offer up General Mattis as the man to save America. 
Glad to see nikkihaley come out for Cruz. The rest of Rubio's surrogates need to as well. We can stop Trump. 
No, a Vote for a Third Party Candidate is NOT the Same as a Vote for Hillary 
brmrry3212 pneumonia. 
tanman1911 I did the 8:30 am one. CharlieJThomas 
Tell your General Assembly members to support the religious liberty legislation, HB 757. 
Hey AllenPeake, please support the HB 757 compromise. 
What's all this talk about me organizing a third party? I'll explain at 5:09pm ET today: 
HB 757 revision looks good to me. cc: politicalinsidr 
Some in the GOP think Merrick Garland is the least bad option. They are wrong. 
Cruz should go to the Fox debate. Turn it into a Cruz town hall if Kasich and Trump wont show up. 
Thanks glennbeck for the kind words. 
John Kasich cannot mathematically get to 1,237 delegates, but will stay in the race so Trump can be the nominee. 
Has there been a more damaging political miscalculation in the past decade than Rubios Gang of 8 deal? 
DavidLimbaugh But Kasich is the spoiler. 
chrisantenucci Trump gets Hillary a win with or without me supporting him. 
If you dont vote for Trump, Hillary is going to be President. Not my problem: 
About that meeting tomorrow to discuss a third party option . . . 
So theres this. 
Twitter with pneumonia isn't a great combo. Good night. 
Dammit. Fell for the parody account I'm going to bed. Tweet deleted. 
jpodhoretz ChasFlemming Trump is going to win because the Cruz and Rubio people are going to spend the next month arguing the past. 
Great to see so many reporters on Twitter outraged about Trumps campaign manager. But where are all the national stories? 
Cruz and Rubio people are fighting over what is now the past instead of fighting for the future. 
jacobperry Mine too 
sore winners: 
Tine for BobbyJindal and other Rubio surrogates to move quickly to Cruz. 
tomorrow were going to enter another news cycle where the media treats Ted Cruz as the loser despite being in 2nd with delegates. 
RyanYackAttack We should 
Not helpful: 
Im still game for Cruz-Rubio 2016. Let Cuban freedom fighters save our republic. 
I hope the donors behind Right to Rise are happy tonight. 
Hey Cruz supporters, you dont have to be assholes to Rubio supporters. You need them to stop Trump. 
Marco Rubio is a good man. 
lachlan so just like Obama voters 
Dear  Be extremely humble and extremely kind. Show diplomacy and commit to beat Trump with help. 
Florida candidates running for President have made a lot of consultants rich off of defeat. 
Finished bolognese with sourdough garlic bread. 
Very fun night four years ago hanging out on South Beach with rolandsmartin for CNN as Florida results came in. 
Im afraid we might find very many of our friends filled with Rubio hope were really just wishful thinking. 
wesbarkerv Its called a veto. 
The same GOP'ers who gave rise to Trump will exit tonight still thinking if he gets most delegates, but not 1237, they can stop him. 
I have a better idea, why dont these jackasses apologize for breaking their promises repeatedly. 
Not reassuring according to early exits: Trump would beat Rubio head to head in Florida. 
This Is Not 1980, And Donald Trump Is Not Ronald Reagan via baseballcrank 
GovernorDeal please sign HB 859, the campus carry legislation. 
Three hours later. 
Bolognese begins. 
I've got bronchitis and pneumonia, so naturally I'm in the kitchen making a mirepoix for 
ben_woods15 i'm rooting for trump to lose 
jonward11 LOL 
Proud of jonward11 for taking the time to write this very detailed look at evangelicals and Trump. Great read. 
ellencarmichael Thank God. 
ellencarmichael Good. That data really worried me. I assumed the seniors would go Trump. 
trackerem 1 Cor. 5:9-13 
If this is true, it seems like the story that Rubio was winning early voting might not be true. 
It is time for Liberty University to get a new President. 
WiserMeany we use a branding iron BrentCochran1 
BrentCochran1 actually, best damn podcast ever: The History of Rome. 
BrentCochran1 my radio show ;) 
JaredYamamoto thanks 
tanman1911 back tomorrow. CharlieJThomas 
Braves_Dude pneumonia. Bronchitis. Yes, sick. 
Woman whose sole claim to fame is talking while wearing pink shoes creates a site called "Deeds Not Words". Abortion Barbie never stops. 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
OK, this made me laugh. The unsubscribe text in a Breitbart email attacking Rubio is written in Spanish. 
Breitbart piece mocking Ben Shapiro after resignation was written under father's pseudonym - POLITICO 
God bless benshapiro, who is far more courageous and kind than those he leaves behind. 
More bullets. 
UncleChaps LOL 
MatthewSoffer I wasn't paying attention. Un-retweeted. 
Sorry for that retweet. Wasn't paying attention. 
Michelle Malkin RIPS INTO Drudge for ABSURD anti-Christian headline!! 
Not since Ted Kennedy drove off a bridge has the media failed so utterly to ignore a victim in order to protect a gravy train. 
I'm guessing CREW is waiting till the general election to file complaints against Trump. 
MikeMay47 not for me. 
Useful reading. "Fines up to $10,000.00 or one year in jail" per violation. 
Deleted my retweet from ellencarmichael. Didn't realize what grief she was getting amp; I was just teasing her w/o knowing what was going on 
Holy cow. Over 154,000 listens. 
ellencarmichael pegobry I deleted it 
ellencarmichael I'm sorry. Just teasing. But a lot of people will look at that as a good thing. And it gives a talking point against Rubio. 
Between the costs of the 757, the Breitbart stories, the freebies to radio/tv hosts, Trump could keep the FEC busy for a decade. 
cwrthurman nice 
MagnoliaPeech nice 
themrleotta road trip for CharlieJThomas and me. 
Final lesson -- bad guy charging. 
How's my grouping? 
Highly, highly recommend the training from Armed Citizens of Georgia. We spent the morning in a 
Doing three shots at a time, 7 yards, 5 yards, then 3 yards. Got two in the head as well. 
He's dead Jim. 
Gliders out today.  Monroe, Georgia 
Just posted a photo  Monroe, Georgia 
Just posted a photo  Monroe, Georgia 
MattWalshBlog amen 
Is it "Make America Great Again" or "Make America Hate Again"? Trump brings out the worst in everybody. 
katiepack agree completely. 
Trump is such a great Christian he learned Matthew 5:39. 
Wow. He says they're lying. 
Ok this made me laugh. 
Trump should not be shut down by protestors. They are wrong. Trump should not encourage punching protestors. He is wrong. This isn't binary. 
Donald Trump says to punch protestors. Barack Obama said to take guns to knife fights and get in their faces. Tonight those worlds collided. 
AndrewM_GA thanks 
Funny how these things don't happen at Cruz, Kasich, Rubio, Clinton, or Sanders rallies. Wonder why that is. 
FrankLuntz I retweet joshtpm every once in a while. 
Imagine what would happen if a Malaysian Air 777 suddenly washed up on the shores of Lake Michigan. 
Pray for CNN. God only knows how they will be able to fill the time now. 
Thinking I was hasty in posting this: can someone get me what Cruz actually said and not just this characterization? 
Quid meets quo. 
allahpundit about strategically voting. 
Been traveling and just saw Cruz's statement about Rubio and Kasich. Disappointing. Worth noting Rubio amp; team remain gracious. 
After posting this, the organization in question took down its anti-Rubio ads. 
nettocharles 
The Stand for Truth Super PAC is led by former McConnell people, claims to support Cruz, and is trying to scuttle the deal in FL. Unreal. 
happywarrior_94 I dont know who runs that Super PAC, but the big ones are standing down. See 2nd to last paragraph. 
Consolidation begins: 
Whichever Cruz super PAC is still hitting Rubio in Florida needs to stand down now. Take a clue from what Cruz is doing. 
CountUlairi See the piece. Im told very reliably they couldnt move the event out of state because of other logistics. 
hfearny It was too late to move it due to logistics for Hannity is what Im told. 
EricTeetsel Previously scheduled. Not going to be Florida focused. Couldnt move Hannity elsewhere so they kept it. 
jaymann34 It was previously scheduled, is a Sean Hannity broadcast, and is no longer going to be about Florida per se. 
Kasich camp is only in OH now. Rubio camp is only in FL now. Cruz camp is in IL, MO, and NC, but now not in FL or OH. There is a plan. 
So to review: (1) Bush has meeting with Rubio, Cruz, Kasich. (2) Cruz gets out of FL. (3) Rubio says go Kasich in OH. (4) Cruz in NC, MO, IL 
EXCLUSIVE: michellefields Files Criminal Complaint Against Trump Campaign Manager CLewandowski_ via injo 
Thing Ive noticed on my radio show in the past 6mos is that Ben Carson supporters have been more hostile to Trump than Cruz supporters. 
davidfrum me 
What if the Dam Breaks for Trump?  commentary 
jamolina726 yes indeed 
I've become a big fan of Netflix's Chef's Table. 
Most amazing thing about the CNN debate: afterwards all the candidates get probing, tough questions except Donald Trump. 
matthewhurtt that's a good thing. 
Envirowacko threatens to murder Rubios deputy campaign manager because of Rubios global warming answer. 
Good job tonight SamFeistCNN. Very good and substantive debate. Yall should be proud. 
Heres your deal. 
Fletcher2577 Definitely no public deal, but it sure seems like something is going on. 
piratechristian Im just completely fascinated by your timeline right now. Beats the debate coverage. 
jaketapper did a great job. Sadly, here comes Cuomo. 
joe_rigney Yep. 
Trump hiding behind the police to avoid his words and actions. 
Jake Tapper reading Trump in his own words was excellent. 
Pretty sure I dont need Morgan Freeman to tell me the story of God. 
Cruz shouldnt be pulling his punches on Trump. 
Rubio really is good on policy. 
This is more interesting than the debate so far. Yesterdays eclipse. 
Do you think Kasich uses a Flowbee? 
Maybe Florida breeds low energy. 
The party might support the nominee, but not me if it is Trump.  
The hardest question for Donald Trump tonight will be what to smoke after Chris Cuomo interviews" him. 
Ben ar$on 
Given how Chris Christie was paraded around by Trump, cant wait to see what he does to Carson. 
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 
Really, really glad I did not invite Ben Carson to the RedState Gathering along with uninviting Trump. 
Anybody ask Robert Jeffress and Jerry Falwell, Jr. about the Trump campaigns treatment of women today? 
I just ordered this t-shirt because a Martin Luther quote about beer is awesome. cc: spencenix 
SimonCookeGolf Yes it does. The 7yo wants a lesson too. chiproytx 
ThisIsNotCarver fixed. Weird 
poolboy88 sent something out earlier. 
If rumors of a Cruz-Rubio deal are true, they need to find a way to make sure voters in NC, MO, IL, and OH go Cruz while going Rubio in FL 
When you get in bed with Trump, you always compromise yourself. Always. Either on issues or integrity or both. 
k_cott Nope 
The campaign staffer Ted Cruz fired never left bruises on anyone. 
Days like this I have to work extra hard to stop wanting those who fear "white genocide" to actually experience it. Sigh. 
JRubinBlogger well, the primary colors on his plane are red, white, and black. Think I've seen that color scheme elsewhere. 
JRubinBlogger yep. But this is not the real world. This is the world goldplating. 
Of course if another campaign did this we'd see " in every article and tweet. 
KFoleyFL wrong 
TocRadio Nathaniel Bedford 
A local guy has "NoBama", Sarah Palin, and "I Ride With Forrest" stickers on his truck. One guess who he supports for President. 
Actual men should be outraged that a Trump staffer assaulted MichelleFields. But Trump supporters will give him a pass. 
The reaction to the assault on MichelleFields is a reminder that Trump attracts a lot of beta males who pretend online to be alphas. 
FullArmorCloth done 
RemoW100 butcher paper 
Brick_04 Im a big fan of the healing power of and" 
jimmyfuentes I modified it from one in the books. Ill get it written up. 
ByMyLifeMyLove I love that cookbook 
Marclop1 I did for 12 hours with mesquite and oak. 
So Amazon is down. This a first for me. 
Making my brisket sauce. The sweet and citrus go great with the mesquite and smoky oak flavors 
I spend more time with these four books when it comes to grilling, barbecue, and smoking meats. 
Brick_04 amen 
Upside of Trump losing the nomination: the country is spared. Downside: Harder to expose his media acolytes as frauds and charlatans. 
SimonCookeGolf Seeing your tweet reminds me, I gotta schedule a golf lesson! Headed your way at the end of the month. chiproytx 
In 2012, Santorum suspended 1st week of April. Mitt won 90 of delegates after that and did not hit 1144 until May 30. 
BrentCochran1 Can I get my ticket now? 
brandon7willis Most interesting thing it he data shows the more often a person goes to church, the less likely they are to vote Trump 
Find a regularly recurring "political strategist" on cable news who's actually been in an FEC report of a major candidate in the last 4 yrs. 
TheBrooksSays Listen to Thursday nights show from Reformation Brewery. Also: and 
CalebHowe Aaron_RS Great. Now we just need Dick Morris to confirm he thinks Cruz is going to be the nominee. 
It is time for BenSasse and SenMikeLee to endorse TedCruz and stop Trump. 
TheBrooksSays Actually just last night I said on this very show that stealing it from Trump at the convention would be wrong. 
Drews_Views No we cant. ;) 
andersoncooper He said rump steaks we just all misheard him. Haha. 
Matthops82 amen 
BrianGMattson I think now I have to start my show with O Captain My Captain. 
PhilariousRex I havent like any of our nominees since 2004. I get that. 
Being the guy who is often last off the ramparts, I admire the Rubio supporters refusing to abandon ship. 
stevetefft You do know that Biden was a Senator and I was being sarcastic, right? 
stevetefft davidfrum JRubinBlogger Yeah, Senator Obama needed Governor Biden. 
Rikki5582 You can unfollow. Im why you arent a Republican anyway. 
For those saying Rubio must stay in because of Florida, theres more than Florida at stake on March 15th. 
chuck_late maybe 
It Is Time For Marco Rubio To Join Ted Cruz For The Benefit Of Marco Rubio via baseballcrank 
RotNScoundrel PastorFrisbie The hell I got for not inviting Carson to the RedState Gathering. 
petemitchellmav LOL 
bnhwillard Florida is winner take all regardless. And Rubio isnt going to win it. 
ChasFlemming Mattfobrien All sides have grievances. The question now is whether they can set them aside to stop Trump or stay butthurt. 
Conservatives Must Back Ted Cruz - Breitbart via BreitbartNews 
RagCon It matters because Cruz needs Rubio, so dont be a dick to his supporters. Mattfobrien 
danibrackett DannyFromWI you guys totally misread that piece. 
This gt; 
j_strong I just paid $6.50 per pound. 
laurakfillault But in neighborhoods that have a larger Jewish population, they stock briskets for Passover. 
laurakfillault Stores in Georgia all have Boston Butts, few briskets. 
Boston Butt off. Brisket on. 
I think Cruz had been head faking a build up in Florida. But now he has no choice given Rubios collapse. 
I need to live in a neighborhood with more Jewish friends. Had to drive all over town looking for briskets. 
Id still prefer marcorubio to Carly for a tedcruz VP and think the opportunity is there. But the longer he waits, the less likely it is. 
MSalasBlair Those are your choices now. Pick your poison. 
Really pretty damn amazing that everyone but the Rubio Senate office could see himself blowing up his career several years ago. 
So maybe a Cruz-Fiorina tag team instead of Rubio. 
DennyBurk At this point, Rubio isnt going to win Florida, so might as well try to shake up the dynamic. PeteScott05 
jpodhoretz hahaha. What a terrible movie. I was sick a few weeks ago and it was on TV. I got sicker. 
noahseton Rubio isnt going to win Florida at this point. 
Yes, there is a case to be made for Rubio staying in till Florida. There is also a case to be made that the moon is made of cheese. 
jpodhoretz yep, but nonetheless . . . 
Two brothers both decide to become sisters, but lets not talk about mental illness. 
A Cruz-Rubio ticket barnstorming Florida for a week telling voters to go with Cruz could beat Trump and give hope. 
Marco and Ted, it is time. Do it today. 
TheMonTSteR Not sure, but Trump had a double digit lead in the Idaho polling. 
If Cruz wins Hawaii, he will need just one more state to clear Rule 40  the GOP requirement of eight states to get a nomination for POTUS 
Jamie_Weinstein Welcome to the world of Trump twitter. Ugh. 
The Giuliani strategy did not work for Giuliani. It was never going to work for Rubio either  especially with Florida coming later this yr. 
So that explains it: Im sure most of the media will still give Trumps camp a pass on this. 
BenHowe Ohhhhhh MichelleFields bdomenech 
What brought this on? 
OwenBrennan MomMilkshake jacobperry Hillary does mop the floor with Trump. That leads me to I told you so." 
PCurka Ive got the thermometer turned so 225 is on top. 
DrJerryJohnson amen to that. DennyBurk tedcruz 
hodrigby Im hoping we have GovernorPerry ready to go soon. 
michaelbd SethAMandel Van is good people, great family man. I really like him a lot. 
macpowell and good eats 
macpowell Come let me teach you. 
Priorities.   
 happened tonight. Sigh. Cruz and Rubio allied together would be winning this thing. 
FLORIDA! FLORIDA! FLORIDA! Rule 40 Uh-oh. 
Very strong night for Trump. Very terrible night for Rubio. But hell always have Florida. 
Clipsdanielle CruzRubio 
Voters are so angry the GOP is okay taking the nomination from Trump if he has the most delegates, but not 1,237 of them. 
mickelsonesque I dont fear Rubio. I like him very much and spent 2 weeks on radio telling people to vote for him Georgia. PhilipRucker 
EsotericCD You and me both 
This just means Ted Cruz must get out of the race to stop Trump. Right? 
Why must the national government bail out Flint, MI? Is not the local government and state government enough government? 
Have y'all followed resurgent yet? Please do. 
2. I have nothing other than that. 
1. I blame TheRickWilson for the trend of people firing off a series of tweets with numbers. 
We may have the answer for why Donald Trump will not release his taxes. 
Homemade chicken salad with celery, apples, green onions, eggs, sweet pickles, tarragon, 
Libertarians are actually going to have a Presidential debate on April Fools Day. LOL. 
Beginning to think in another life my parents were King Priam and Queen Hecuba. Good grief the hysteria today. 
AndrewHClark And now she has a restraining order? 
Getting lots of emails and tweets from friends backing Rubio declaring me hostis humani generis. 
At this point, the Rubio supporters would rather blame Cruz for all Rubios problems. 
Finkmiester_ Were talking to them. 
Im so glad to count MikeNeedham a friend. He leads one of the best organizations in America. 
GusLloydTweets Thanks for having me on! 
brithume Amazing how Trump is able to put something out there and have the media treat it legit without him spending a penny. 
chefcam GUN to 52886 
H.B. 859, the campus carry legislation, is in the Senate. Tell your state senator to support it without amendment: 
Hey Butch_Miller, please support HB 859 without amendment in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Hey hunter1hill, please support HB 859 without amendment in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Hey DavidShafer, please support HB 859 without amendment in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Hey fran_millar, please support HB 859 without amendment in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Hey senjwilkinson, please support HB 859 without amendment in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Hey Judsonhill, please support HB 859 without amendment in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Hey joshmckoon, thanks for supporting Campus Carry in the Judiciary Committee! 
Hey SenatorTommie, thanks for supporting Campus Carry in the Judiciary Committee! 
ScooterSchaefer But the poll sample was 72 people. 
Twenty-four hour cookies. Made the dough yesterday. Baked them today. 
OTJ: Erick Erickson, 'You Will Be Made To Care' 
Late lunch. 
MochaLite nope. 24 hours. 
Making 24 hour chocolate chip cookies. Make the dough, leave it in the fridge for 24 hours, then 
Very sorry to hear about the loss of Nancy Reagan. RIP 
Teaching on this today. Our God wants a personal relationship with us so much, he would dwell in 
The DC GOP would prefer Hillary. 
The coming plugola/payola investigations over Trump support are going to be revealing. 
Ted Cruz Can, Has, and Would, Beat Donald Trump 
Were on the verge of really finding out if the talking heads who call themselves conservative really are conservative or Trumpeteers. 
I cant trust Cruz because he didnt hit Trump when I wanted him to, is silly when Cruz is the only one repeatedly beating Trump now. 
eyeformation conradclose Cruz struck at the right time. 
conradclose That people are still stuck on this says more about the people stuck on it than on Cruz. 
conradclose His objective was to win, not to humor anti-Trump voters who wanted him to stand up to Trump. 
conradclose Im sorry, but I think thats actually b.s. Cruz waited until he was within striking distance in the polls then did it. 
Hail Victory! 
Lotta good Trump did by bailing on CPAC for Kansas. 
Tonight well see if Rubio supporters really want to beat Trump or are as much a cult of personality as Trumps supporters. 
Cruzs best states are behind him, said Rubio supporters on Wednesday. Cruzs best states are behind him, theyll say tomorrow too. 
The Rubio campaign hurt itself by repeatedly talking about a brokered convention strategy instead of a win races strategy. 
Ran a test before installing the Eero system. I was getting 29 down and 22 up with 19 devices 
Gonna try out Eero. 
"The people presently insisting that Cruz must give Rubio Florida are the welfare queens of conventional wisdom" 
john_j_thomas no kidding. Make Romania great again! 
Introducing the kids to Princess Bride. 
DennyBurk hahaha. I did. She was terrific. 
jasongrubbs_ shakirc didn't like it as much as Daredevil 
DennyBurk March 18 
I'm ready for Season 2 of Daredevil 
samueld_james dandarling never read the comments. 
hilaryr I'd give him a dollar. 
  
DrK_srcs They really are great. 
Ordering ammo while waiting to be on Fox Business with cvpayne 
Given his sensitivity to the issue, maybe we should call him Donald Stump. 
Oxco Rubio is there. 
I wish I had not seen the Ghostbusters trailer. Yuck. 
Trump is a chicken. Bailed on CPAC. Won't stand up to Putin. Can't take on Megyn Kelly either. 
Ugh. Apparently Rubio has the flu. Poor guy. Prayers for him. 
McCormackJohn LOL 
America needs more leaders like BenSasse 
Seriously people  Marco has a cold. Good for him not shaking hands. 
I hate it for Marco that he has a cold. Miserable to be on the campaign trail like that. But he still did well. 
Cruz won this debate. 
ellencarmichael Wheres Teds series of tweets using  
Really disappointed in MarcoRubio right here.  
DrewRyun Pathetic! Loser! 
