text 
EmVandermeulen dennisdlambert 
luciacoutinho Depende. Acho que Bolsonaro - o pai e todos os filhos - so piores do que Trump. 
EditorMikeO But that was their point: as the race narrows down, he can't win, because he'll never get higher than 35 
The paid political analyst of ABC News 
Remember all the pundit assurances about how Trump had a "ceiling" of 35? 
This is going to be fantastic 
LuaSantis Muito obrigado! 
That sound you're hearing is national breathless anticipation, flavored with inspiration amp; pride (via saladinahmed) 
LOL: can't wait to see the hordes of DC NatSec spokespeople, neocons, Wall St operatives, etc taking similar pledges 
utahredrock2015 It one sense, yes: on the merits. In another sense, not at all: that it's finding widespread acceptance. 
Remember how everyone acted like this was some shocking proposal so far outside of the GOP mainstream? 
mcurryfelidae07 davidmirandario lol. See my reply to Pedinska 
Pedinska davidmirandario Thanks! I wasn't ready to say that because we just started the process, but I was provoked!  
Sandra_Chielle Com certeza! Eu sei disso! Concordo 100 
tiagojack Ela terminou muito abrupto! O bom.... 
tiagojack Estou rindo ainda. 
Nunca vi! Muito bom, muito engraado! Garotinho fala sobre RedeGlobo - quando ele est no RedeGlobo 
keunecke No. Eu escolhi esse pais. Sou casado com brasileiro. Vamos ter um filho logo. Tenho direito pra ficar no Brasil. E eu vou. 
The person Brazil's elites want to install as President - Michel Temer - is not only implicated in corruption. Majority wants him impeached! 
Brazil: whether it's a "coup" is semantics. It's a pure attack on democracy: they want to ensure population has no say in choosing President 
keunecke Vc tem confuso enorme, que  triste. Nunca apoiei o PT na minha vida. Eu apoio democracia. 
ryanlcooper Lke if GOP waited for Obama to get very unpopular, then used their majorities in Congress to impeach him amp; Biden, install Ryan 
ryanlcooper They want to avoid that because it's bad PR. But I think democracy is their last choice because they can never win that way. 
VP Michel Temer hates the idea of new elections because he could never be elected President: his only chance is being installed w/o a vote. 
To summarize the person Brazil's elites are trying to install as President: elections are a "coup"; installing him w/o one is democratic. 
Wow: Brazil's corruption-tainted, unpopular VP- to be installed as President- says *new elections* would be a "coup" 
This will be great - looking forward to it! 
leollca RedeGlobo YouTube It's been on YouTube for months - until yesterday. And it says who complained. 
Why yes, that is the embarrassing video RedeGlobo demanded YouTube remove yesterday after davidmirandario cited it 
Total abuse by RedeGlobo of copyright claims, all done to suppress embarrassing video evidence of their behavior. 
That 2-min JN clip - fair use - was on YouTube for months. RedeGlobo demanded takedown because DavidMirandaRio cited it to show their bias 
Dear Globo: if you want to convince the world you're a regular news org, don't censor video evidence of your bias 
And therefore, the DNC- amp; Hillary-funding pro-Israel billionaire, Haim Saban, is pouring out $$ to defeat her... 
How can you not love politics? 
Sanders viewed favorably by 54 of young voters nationwide (all parties). Clinton viewed unfavorably by 53 of them 
In Forbes, Brazil reporter BRICBreaker on impeachment's real goal: to *protect* corruption 
joeharris Nobody has been attacking Sanders? Are you sure? 
TotzkeM You're claiming that the polling data is fabricated, or you're just refusing to believe it? 
New poll shows Clinton only 3 points ahead of Trump nationally (Sanders' average: a 15-point lead v. Clinton's 8) 
UK Tories kill proposal to allow 3,000 Syrian refugee children to enter country 
Pro-Israel Billionaire ( amp; Hillary backer) Haim Saban Drops $100,000 Against Donna Edwards in Maryland Senate Race 
dheberhardt1977 theintercept davidmirandario Rsrsrs. Ideia timoa! 
Brazil's most powerful man, billionaire heir of Globo empire, attacked DavidMirandaRio in Guardian. David's reply: 
Spy Chief Complains That Snowden Sped Up Spread of Encryption by 7 Years - Privacy is very annoying to US officials 
Here's one - of many - answers to the question: "What did he really change"? 
felipe_autran Rsrs. Meu deus. Vc est fazendo isso de novo, sem percebendo! Exemplo clssico: 
potusbra cynaramenezes S o Globo e Veja so confivel. Eles so a Verdade. 
felipe_autran Olhe para l! No para ns! Isso  "whataboutism". Irnico: era uma ttica favorita dos comunistas 
Of the 513 House members who voted on Dilma's impeachment, 298 (58) have their own cases in court against them 
A jornalista cynaramenezes fala sobre o papel da mdia brasileira na cobertura da crise poltica 
Always fascinating to see Dem partisans reserve for themselves the right to refuse to vote Dem amp; support 3rd party 
How the CIA writes history: one of their most nefarious skills 
c_cgottlieb Yes, even on Iraq War, which had huge pundit unity, NYT was publishing Paul Krugman as they were selling the war. 
gugachacra Vc est criando teste semntico absurdo. Tb no disse "golpe."  um ataco da democracia. Muitas disseram 
gugachacra MarcosASSinf Eles no usem a palavra "golpe" mas fala isso: - 
Again: corruption is the elites' *pretext* for impeaching Dilma, not the motive or cause. 
Globo is planet's 5th largest media outlet. It's creepy how unified they have their stars - at least those who speak out - on impeachment. 
Globo stars w/new tactic: boasting that global media doesn't say "coup": all to hide this 
More global media: MiamiHerald shows what Brazil's Globo-led plutocrat media hides 
Ted Cruz- who built his entire image on being enemy of GOP establishment- now collaborating with amp; serving it. People do anything for power. 
Estrelas da Globo querem reduzir isso para um debate semntico (golpe) para distrair que a mdia global est dizendo 
There's a huge universe between "coup" and "legitimate." Lots of things are unjust assaults on democracy without necessarily being a "coup." 
When Globo stars strangely brag that foreign outlets don't call them "golpistas", show them what they are saying 
Globo personalities weirdly bragging that foreign outlets haven't said "golpe." Of course not. They say this instead 
charliearchy BenjaminNorton Yeah, I mean if you believe he's an Assad fan amp; bears responsibility for those deaths, then it'd rank high. 
charliearchy BenjaminNorton He's been a journalist for 40 years. His whole career, character amp; worldview are reduced to Syria conflict? 
As I read this, I told myself repeatedly: "whatever you do, don't read the comments." Ugh: why didn't I listen? 
MattSchiavenza He's truly repulsive. 
Ted Cruz here manages to show off an impressively high percentage of his heinous attributes in just 19 seconds.... 
Happy Charles Krauthammer Day: your annual reminder that punditry is the world's most accountability-free profession 
pcpontificates I didn't write the article. ABC News did. And you can watch the video where he says it 
everlastingitch I didn't write the article. ABC News did. They included the video where you can hear it for yourself. Sorry if it pains you 
Neocons lining up behind Hillary. Wall St pouring cash into her various accounts. Charles Koch may endorse her. All says nothing!  
The one thing that could salvage 2016 election: watching Dems process seeing Charles Koch standing next to leading neocons, behind Hillary. 
Mass Dem confusion: Their Koch Devil says B Clinton was better than Bush "in some ways," amp; he may support H Clinton 
mpmarchiori Ja escrevi e falei muito sobre isso. Nunca usei "golpe." Mas acho que  um subverso do democracia. 
It's amazing to watch: the same media families amp; outlets that cheered the coup are now united behind impeachment. 
Can't wait to see- 20 years from now - what Globo, Veja, Estado say once their current behavior damages their brand 
Remember that time we cheered the coup amp; then spent 20 years serving the military dictatorship? Our bad! Love, Globo 
So great to see ArarMaher moving past his 10-month torture nightmare at the hands of the US, Canada and Syria 
From the Department of Things Democrats Don't Discuss 
Vital: what Reporters Without Borders said this week about Brazil's plutocratic media 
Mais vergonha pra Estadao todo dia 
c_fraga yashagallazzi jnflesch E escrevi "h 11" - no "a 11" (vc) 
c_fraga yashagallazzi jnflesch  minha terceira lngua. No falo perfeitamente. As vezes fao alguns erros. Quantas voc fala? 
The IDF soldier, Elor Azaria, was released on a 48-hour furlough for Passover - after 2000 demonstrated in support 
Israeli soldier who shot a wounded Palestinian point-blank in the head: released from prison, gets hero's welcome 
One need not agree with all of it to make this emmettrensin piece very worth reading - on "smugness" in liberalism 
gabrielacaesar GreensladeR AndrewDFish J expliquei muitas vezes. Tive obrigao por meu fonte a maximizar impacto amp; SoniaBridi  tima 
Tells story of Globo amp; Marinho family's complicity in dictatorship: he got it banned in Brazil but it went viral 
__ruda__ Right, and more so, apologies for whatever is done by those they install in power. 
GLOBO: we made "'a mistake' by acting as the propaganda arm of Brazil's brutal dictatorship b/w 1964 amp; 1985"  
2 huge jokes ever from Marinho: Brazil's dominant media is pluralistic - Globo = neutral 
It's vital that any foreign journalist talking Brazil understand Globo's ownership amp; role 
So funny: Brazil's most powerful man, RedeGlobo heir Joo Roberto Marinho, replied amp; Guardian put it in comments. 
cauenapier I didn't. The journalists we worked w/were great. But there was no ideological aspect to NSA story in Brazil, so no bias needed 
hammett It was meant to be a response to someone. Not sure how it ended up as a stand-alone tweet. And yeah, it was about Globo. Re-posting 
Tribute of PETA to Prince, an outspoken vegan amp; animal rights advocate 
In his reply to davidmirandario, Joo Roberto Marinho forgot to mention Globo's support for the 1964 coup. And: 
The billionaire heir Chair of RedeGlobo replies to Guardian op-ed by davidmirandario ---gt; 
cauenapier My duty to my source was to maximize the reach of his disclosures. And I found journalists at each who were very good. 
cauenapier He gave them to me. I then chose which media outlets to work with. I chose O Globo, Epoca amp; Fantastico to maximize impact. 
cauenapier Snowden He didn't send any documents to O Globo. 
Queda da Ciclovia: Doaes  campanhas feitas pela CONCREMAT e os Grandes Jogos - por Cecillia 
gaypre68 rvianna Desculpe - vi isso s agora. Proxima vez. 
Google's remarkably close relationship with the Obama White House - in two charts 
gabrielwreis Muito obrigado. 
Para Entender a Verdade no Brasil, Veja Quem Est Sendo Implantado na Presidncia -- e na Chefia das Finanas 
To See the Real Story in Brazil, Look at Who is Being Installed as President  and Finance Chiefs 
MUGGER1955 SubBeck So idiotic. As robertwrighter explained, nothing was "defamatory" about it. 
fabio_benincaso David Miranda, my husband, wrote this. He was born in one of worst favelas amp; raised as an orphan. 
Esto acostumados a controlar o debate sobre Brasil, e esto indignados que no conseguem agora. Perderam o controle 
fabio_benincaso I lived in Brazil for 11 years, and still do, you idiot. 
yashagallazzi Vc pode comentar sobre EUA (onde vc no mora), mas no posso comentar sobre Brasil (onde moro h 11 aos)? Rsrsrs 
PEN International in Norway sues government demanding that Snowden be allowed safe passage to travel amp; accept award 
yashagallazzi 1) Moro no Brasil h 11 aos. 2) Pago impostos no pais. 3) Vc  hipcrita, comentando muito sobre EUA 
gugachacra bel_bru marianacastori Ta bom. Obrigado pela a conversa corts. To escrevendo sobre tudo isso agora. 
gugachacra bel_bru marianacastori Mas Temer disse que apoia Cunha! No viu isso? Que vc acha sobre isso? 
thifava gugachacra bel_bru marianacastori SHAME ON ME! Por que eu fiz isso??? 
gugachacra viaSimonRomero VinodSreeharsha Pena que no tem essa "pluralidade de opinies" dentro da mdia dominante brasileira. 
gugachacra bel_bru marianacastori E Temer? No  implicado com corrupo? Vc viu que hj Temer disse pra NYT que apoia o Cunha? 
gugachacra ivoerthal No estou negando que vc tem independncia total. Acredito. Mas quase todos no Globo e Estadao apoiam o impeachment. 
gugachacra viaSimonRomero VinodSreeharsha A realidade  o opinio do mdia internacional sobre isso mudou muito. No  s eu. 
gugachacra ivoerthal Entendi. Essa diferena parece pequeno, no? 
Casual_Obs Working on that. Getting there. 
FACT. From Reporters Without Borders. Crucial when hearing from Brazil's domestic press 
gugachacra ivoerthal O Estadao e GloboNews no te paga pra seu trabalho? Triste. 
Outras: - - 
AleistorCrowley gusleig haha! Very smart of you! You're like a brilliant detective - 
And no, justinjm, re-tweeting a statement from the Daily News without comment doesn't remotely fulfill your obligation on this. 
That this tweet is still up amp; being re-tweeted, by a journalist who never apologized or retracted it, is stunning... 
Here's what's being planned once Dilma's election victory is nullified 
oswaldograziani 
gusleig No escrevi naquele artigo. No trabalho com NYT. No sou "petista." "Gringo"  ad hominem. Alem disso, foi um tweet excelente! 
That NYT interview on Temer proves key point of guardian op-ed by DavidMirandaRio 
From NYT: Meet the politician Brazil's oligarchs amp; media are trying to install as President 
dgrcosta jchidalgo You doubt they could do things to cripple Lava Jato? Prosecutors/investigators are openly worried about this. 
dgrcosta jchidalgo Actually, I think Dilma deserves credit for ensuring it could continue. She didn't feel implicated by it. 
Someone tell Boris Johnson 
dgrcosta jchidalgo I agree. But the point is that everyone knows Cunha, Temer etc will be protected post-impeachment. Why pretend? 
Tory MP Philip Davies on Kenyan UN official: "He should clear back off to his own continent" and look there instead 
Meanwhile, Tories spout racist bile against Kenyan amp; Brazilian UN officials who criticize UK human rights record 
Boris Johnson suggests Obama's Kenyan ancestry causes "ancestral dislike" of Britain 
jchidalgo dgrcosta Once they control Brasilia, they can (amp; will) enact legal limits on the investigation. Trying Cunha will take years. 
jchidalgo dgrcosta You're wrong. Most have privileged status re: judiciary. And if Dilma is impeached, media amp; public pressure will die. 
dgrcosta jchidalgo Temer told the NYT just today that he isn't asking for Cunha's resignation - not imprisonment, just his resignation. 
dgrcosta jchidalgo Do you genuinely believe that, post-impeachment, the corrupt impeachers will be held accountable? Please. 
Genuinely shocking. Key goal of Dilma's impeachment is to empower the actual thieves so they can shield themselves. 
aJabuticabeira davidmirandario 1) We had an obligation to our source to maximize impact; 2) we found excellent journalists to work with 
psael carloskramer guardian davidmirandario Totally. People in Veja and Globo will be unhappy, and I care deeply about this. 
carloskramer guardian The article was written by DavidMirandaRio. Ele  brasileiro, mora no pais sua vida toda. 
HeatherGies EllenPage It's hard to put in words how low and monstrous he is. 
It's apparently supposed to be, but some gauche leftist heathens absurdly convinced themselves it's an "election." 
aneldecaveira "Amiguinho" no. Marido sim. 
Exactly 
The entitlement syndrome here is off-the-charts: so sorry she has to endure a contested race 
JornalismoWando fernanda_ davidmirandario Globo  a Verdade. 
Manel_Pinheiro anymarry Vai ter um verso em portugus logo. 
AlexLFz Right. It's because impeachment advocates hate corruption. That's why they want to make Temer president amp; follow Cunha. 
ddantaslemos davidmirandario JornalismoWando Agora eu sei disso! 
fernanda_ JornalismoWando davidmirandario Precebi isso s depois. Desculpe, Wando!! Twitter mata tom! 
JornalismoWando ECantanhede realsardenberg Infelizmente pra vc, davidmirandario nao  "gringo." Ele  brasileiro. 
manwblueguitar You know I'm not British, right? Few people have bashed the British media more than I have. 
Also, this guardian Op-Ed by davidmirandario explains key role of Brazilian media in impeachment narrative 
Op-Ed in the Guardian by DavidMirandaRio: "The real reason Dilma Rousseffs enemies want her impeached" 
Brazil falls lower in world press freedom rankings because- beyond violence- plagued by this 
US:  in world press freedom ranking (war on whistleblowers), UK:  (anti-terror laws used against reporters) 
Most Dems: correct. 
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff to travel to NYC amp; warn the UN she is being targeted with a "parliamentary coup" 
I could better tolerate Dems' election-year ignoring of Clinton's "hawkishness" if they'd oppose her bombings when she's president. But... 
Stop it! Dems have taught us: it's best to ignore this subject amp; it'll just go away 
BlogOlhoNaMira RSRSRS! Escrevo quase todas as dias sobre o governo EUA - MUITO sobre essa - 
Listen to an FBI "honeypot" on the job 
The British pay tribute to Her Majesty 
emiliompenha Ele sabe alguma coisa sobre o Constituio? 
emiliompenha Impeachment  como todas outras processos: pode ser usado corretamente ou pode ser abusado. 
emiliompenha Absurdo. Se o GOP no EUA amanha fizer impeachment contra Obama e Biden, instalando Paul Ryan,  antidemocrtico? Claro 
Freedland But, without trying to be insulting, I honestly believe you're expressing a common mindset in your circle 
Freedland I read the piece, and the headline (and sub-headline) captured your view. Nothing justifies US asserting universal jurisdiction 
magnou It's good to face monsters! 
Totally agree - TheDailyBeast writers and their online friends who joined in should follow this example 
emiliompenha No deve assumir que todas que apoiam democracia e no querem reverter um eleio so ignorantes. 
Whatever the motives, dozens of journalists falsely accused ShaunKing of plagiarism amp; almost none deleted the accusation or apologized. 
Shaun King's editor takes responsibility amp; says his accusers motivated by "hatred" - still no apologies from them! 
NPTO But you are a political columnist for Folha, no? In US, "journalist" definitely includes that. Sorry to apply that label to you! 
Fossil fuels are too valuable an ally against today's climate change 
He seems really nice: almost like a junior Tony Blair 
aJabuticabeira snolen 
snolen Just FYI: the prior tweet included the link 
BuzzFeedAndrew After eating a delicious Trump Steak, who wouldn't want to wash it down with some nutritious Trump Vitamins? 
Sagramore420 If you're claiming that the plagiarism accusations yesterday were accurate, you're the *only one left claiming that. 
Nobody expresses gratitude for authoritarian domination like British journalists; it's a special talent 
Rather than trying to choose among all the things I'd like to say about this, I'll just go ahead amp; post it 
As good as Obama has been to them, Israel amp; Saudi Arabia *cannot wait* for a Hillary Clinton presidency via onekade 
The only thing that can stop Donald Trump at this point is if he says something mean about John McCain again 
Has one journalist who falsely accused ShaunKing of plagiarism - without contacting him first - apologized to him? 
NYTimesCohen Totally beautiful dog! Remember the good times. Dogs who have loving owners are rare amp; lucky. Condolences. 
mcissaguimaraes Vc tem confuso que pessoas odeiam imperialismo norte-americano mas no odeiam todas as pessoas de EUA? 
loren__arthur WesleyLowery the_intercept He didn't plagiarize. The accusation was false. Why should he take blame? His accusers should. 
Sim 
False Plagiarism Accusation Against ShaunKing Shows Dangers of Online Mob Journalism 
Eu sei! Eles deviam me mandar uma placa, para eu pendurar na minha parede. 
Brazil President Dilma Rousseff to travel to NY, speak at UN, make her case that Brazil's democracy is under attack 
Entrevista sobre o Brasil que camanpour fez comigo pra CNNi na segunda-feira, agora com legenda em portugus 
Last day to vote! 
einesellesenie So the news outlets citing published polling data are lying, while you - with no polling data - are being honest? 
vejaocentro Are you claiming globeandmail amp; Piau fabricated this polling data? 
pedroreys It's Twitter, so there are space limits, but of course it doesn't mean *all rich support him, just that he's leading among rich. 
danielflorencio pedroreys It's so weird. It's citing polling data. I didn't write it. Piau said it first. But they say: you're lying!! 
pedroreys You're right. You've been civil. Sorry about that. 
pedroreys globeandmail Right, that's the most of any candidate. 
Pode reclamar com Piau tambm 
sissi_mp "Paid leftie lying journalist" - que classe!  
LucasBraga No escrevi naquele artigo. Uma jornalista otma fez a reportagem. Talvez vc pode pedir que ela pare. 
pedroreys Are you really this stupid? It's what the article says, citing polling data. That it makes you unhappy doesn't make it a lie. 
roniuj First, you idiot, I didn't write that article. Second, are you claiming globeandmail fabricated this data? 
ubrals snolen What does that have to do with that article??? And I've never said it was a "coup." 
pedroreys So you're claiming the globeandmail fabricated this? 
ubrals snolen I didn't write that article, nor did I edit it, nor did I conduct or publish the polling data it cites. 
einesellesenie You're claiming snolen amp; the globeandmail fabricated the poll data they cited? 
From snolen's article (again, nobody rational can think Dilma's impeachment is about corruption given who's coming) 
Brazil's rich want Bolsonaro- the right-wing manic who praised Dilma's torturer amp; favors military rule- as President 
marcogomes No posso parar falando isso: "pela minha tia Marcela, pelo meu cachorro fiel, em defesa minha cidade linda, quero pedir arroz!" 
tfveloso guardian I didn't write that article in the Guardian. 
Brazilian women take to social media to mock Veja's "pretty, maiden-like amp; domestic" hagiography of VP's wife 
EdicarlosAstin Eu sabia - fiz certo antes - s errei hj. 
Beyond 1950s sexist tropes of real women as maiden-like, VEJA -like most dominant media- is preparing country to accept their new President 
ThiagoOurives VEJA Puro. Inacreditvel. Um motivo/mensagem: ela sabe como ser uma mulher: o oposto da Dilma. 
Oh god: Veja publishes sexist hagiography of VP's wife: "almost first lady: she's pretty, maiden-like amp; domestic" 
willcarless AndrewDFish democracynow I've never used that word. 
Unadulterated racism from Israeli Labor leader 
Months before Olympics, "Rio de Janeiro said its running out of money to pay for basic services" (via owen_g) 
Bizarre War on Terror paradox: the govt w/the closest proximity to 9/11 is close US ally; US attacked everyone else. 
PrestonCalvert Do you understand that my name isn't Celso Rocha de Barros and that I didn't write or edit that New York Times op-ed? 
Miriam__GM Given that Temer ordered Nunes to Washington for a "PR counter-offensive" (Folha), it seems they care a lot about global opinion 
globorede t indignada que o mdia global t percebendo sua propaganda, e no consegue controlar o debate mundial 
Watch AndrewDFish with MarkWeisbrot on DemocracyNow talking Brazil: 8:45 am ET 
Tenho orgulho em ser atacado pela VEJA assim.  uma piada, a Fox News do Brasil - porm, menos confivel. 
Must-read NYT Op-Ed by Brazilian journalist NPTO on real purpose of Dilma's impeachment 
And, Bill Kristol, while we have you at our ABC table, please tell us what's taking place in other countries as well 
MarkMcAmerica You believe my real secret goal is to become a political consultant, working for candidates on how to improve their campaign? 
Chuck Todd, next Sunday: "Welcome back, Mike Murphy, our genius political oracle. Tell us what comes next??" 
From 2 weeks ago. Amazing how often people who become millionaires as "political consultants" are so deeply wrong 
MarkMurphy2011 Were today's plagiarism accusations - widely spread - accurate or not? 
Many who did this are good journalists. But it shows how online mobs work amp; why it's esp dangerous w/journalists... 
MarkMurphy2011 I'm not his lawyer. The Daily News statement suggests it happened repeatedly. I'm only commenting on today's controversy. 
StephenAShirley Yes, we agree on that. 
liz_niter ShaunKing To publicando muito tweets em portugus e vai continuar assim! 
StephenAShirley You're engaged in pure victim-blaming. "He blocked me on Twitter" isn't an excuse for not contacting someone first. 
StephenAShirley ShaunKing Come on: you can email someone or find other ways to ask for comment before spouting accusations like that. 
Yes, the irony is that the ShaunKing-hating crowd thought they had him today, but it was they who were reckless. 
Right. Even if they have problems w/other things ShaunKing has done, it doesn't justify today's reckless online mob 
Numerous journalists - w/o contacting ShaunKing- spent all day falsely accusing him of plagiarism for this article 
Federal judge overseeing surveillance "extremely concerned" about NSA amp; FBI spying that violated court limits 
simonerfreitas Obrigado! (Moro no Rio) 
Nobody working to install this person as president can pretend to be fighting "corruption": it's another motive 
ricanani reaconaria camanpour Unfortunately for your theory, we reported this article before talking to Lula 
tmidaniel Sorry you're upset the world is seeing what's happening in Brazil: childish insults  me won't help. Also 
jaspar I agree that's weird, but not totally implausible. And unless someone says those emails are fakes, that seems to be what happened. 
MarlowNYC JonathanDBrown AndrewKirell ShaunKing Horrible that you have zero remorse about the flimsy plagiarism accusation spread today. 
The tweets accusing him of plagiarism in today's article were re-tweeted by thousands, amp; now look to be false. 
tmidaniel I got my law degree at NYU Law School and practiced constitutional law for 11 years. Where did you learn the Constitution? 
MarlowNYC JonathanDBrown AndrewKirell You're continuing to accuse ShaunKing of plagiarism even in light of those emails?? 
MarlowNYC AndrewKirell I'm not here to be ShaunKing's lawyer for every accusation you spout. I'm talking about this specific case today. 
tmidaniel Telling people who disagree with you that they're stupid only makes you look stupid. 
AndrewKirell NYDailyNews ShaunKing Fine, but you guys spent all day publicly branding him a plagiarist, unfairly. That seems much bigger. 
I get why thedailybeast amp; FiveThirtyEight would be angry, but if those emails are real, ShaunKing is not to blame 
AndrewKirell NYDailyNews ShaunKing I really don't understand this? 
If the emails ShaunKing posted - which fully amp; properly quote/credit TDB amp; 538 - were sent to his editors, how is he guilty of plagiarism? 
joaofellet Ah, agora estou vendo o questo. 
joaofellet No falamos esse motivo. 
3 minutes: worth watching 
fred_derik lucianaccc joaquimboficial No sou "petista" e nunca fui. Questionando impeachment no mostra fidelidade pra PT. 
lucianaccc fred_derik joaquimboficial Por causa o Globo, Veja, etc., eles esto acostumados que s um opinio  ouvido e permitido. 
Forgot this: EllenPage confronted torturer-praising DepBolsonaro in Rio last year about his disturbed homophobia 
billmon1 
AliciaEtler No. The fact that some primary-season disputes are painfully trivial doesn't mean they all are. 
PeacePiper Not bad! 
The same right-wing, pro-impeachment leader last year told a female deputado that she didn't "even deserve his rape" 
Here's the guardian on the right-wing leader who dedicated his pro-impeachment vote to Dilma's torturer 
In a super-deep level of hell, the condemned spend eternity hearing journalists bicker over every trivial, daily primary-season outrage. 
Sanders sats US cannot keep interfering in and undermining Latin American governments 
Reminder: Brazil's dominant plutocrat media cheered 64 coup, depicted it as noble war against left-wing corruption 
Just because you work at an outlet w/creepy unity of opinion (ie propaganda) doesn't mean others should copy that oppressive model Estadao 
If you work for plutocrat-controlled Estadao, which supported 64 coup, try not to dictate to other media outlets who is allowed to be heard 
alexcuadros alepraca I think it remains to be seen how much of the outrage is genuinely anti-corruption v. anti-PT. A big question. 
emilynussbaum Congrats! Enjoy it. 
lucsmall Estamos pensando sobre exatamente isso! Me mande email intercept) 
AJDelgado13 The same thing happens when someone suggests oil shapes US foreign policy amp; wars: how dare you, you fringe weirdo!! 
Good PeterBeinart defense of simonerzim, unjustly suspended by Sanders campaign for Netanyahu criticism 
"US doesn't meddle in other nations' affairs; suggesting it does is conspiratorial amp; crazy" - world's dumbest humans (but sweetly patriotic) 
Sorry, but finding a presidential candidate's massive, Wall-St-based wealth objectionable is sooooo 2012!  
barrospablito Eles no sabem nada sobre mim. "Esquerdista"  s o nome eles aplicam - sem pensar - pra todos quem questionar impeachment. 
Muito obrigado! 
In NYT, alexcuadros on key danger of Dilma's impeachment: will *protect* real corruption 
Ali_Gharib jonathanchait He can't go around making inflammatory allegations like that when he's totally ignorant of the people involved. 
Was JonathanChait ignorant of these facts, or did he chose to ignore them? Either way, so misleading... 
Indescribably misleading tweet. Xenophobia amp; Muslim-bashing is why he's widely despised 
Great to see media outlets now routinely featuring this *core truth* about Brazil: from today's guardian Editorial 
"Eduardo Cunha: you are a gangster." 
TheEconomist shows the fraud of impeachment: almost no deputados cited stated charges as their reason to impeach 
edsonluciojunio O artigo incluiu o Senado. 
msantoro1978 Still laughing about this 
SageSaturn For my tia Marcela, for my beautiful town, for my neighbors Tiago and Dani, for the God that loves me, for evangelicals.... 
76 of deputados now investigated by Lava Jato voted to impeach Dilma (led by someone w/millions in Swiss banks) 
LOL: Voting to impeach, a deputado praised her husband, Mayor of Montes Claros. Today, Federal Police arrested him.. 
It is undeniable that, only *18 months ago*, Dilma won her 2nd national election as president (4th straight for PT). 
It's bizarre how people crave that these unaccountable companies monitor, regulate and suppress speech.... 
Don't forget North Korea 
Brazilian_Notch I didn't write that article, idiot. Feel free to ask the person who did - along w/her editors - if she's being paid by PT. 
Please read: imprisoning people for a decade+ with no trial is an enduring disgrace to US of historic proportions 
Muito mal, Estadao e Soracy: roubar o trabalho de uma jornalista independente e no dar crdito... 
Lorpeam Perguntamos pq ele foi. Isso  jornalismo. Nossa reposta  o oposto que vc est falando. Mas no preocupe: ainda tem Globo amp; Veja. 
Lorpeam Vc s colocou um parte random. No falou que vc disse. Na verdade, fala o oposto. 
Lorpeam Vc est totalmente mentindo. O artigo no disse nada assim. 
Lorpeam Sim. Por causa disso, eu sei que vc est mentindo ou no sabe como ler. 
Lorpeam Qual "conspirao"? S na sua cabea. 
Here's the CNN segment on Brazil and impeachment I did with camanpour 
Porque o Sen. Aloysio Nunes foi a Washington um dia depois da votao? [verso em portugus] 
Miriam__GM cnni camanpour I wish that were true. We'll see. 
I'll be on cnni with camanpour talking Brazil and impeachment, 2pm ET (3pm Brazil) 
Mello_BNA AmishTerrorism It's Nunes 
Why is Brazilian Senate impeachment leader - implicated in corruption - in Washington this week? 
After vote to remove Brazils president, key opposition figure holds meetings in Washington 
For the "Islamophobia-is-a-Myth" crowd: you know who you are 
In 2012, Dems endlessly mocked Mitt "Car Elevator" Romney for being too rich amp; thus out of touch with common person 
Right-wing, pro-dictatorship Congressman who praised Dilma's torturer is the rich's favored Presidential candidate 
marcosathias alexcuadros What about Temer, the person about to be president. You're going to overlook his corruption allegations? 
If I wanted to overturn an election, I'd try to be led by someone who doesn't have millions hidden in Swiss Banks 
The right-wing dictatorship-and-torturer supporter, Jair Bolsonaro, will run for President: close to 10 in polls 
Actually happened: right-wing member of Brazil's Congress praised Dilma's torturer - in '64 coup dictatorship - before voting to impeach her 
Secretary-General of OAS: impeachment "worrying because Dilma isn't accused of anything" amp; its advocates are corrupt 
Unasul: Impeachment de Dilma  'sria preocupao para segurana jurdica de Brasil e regio' 
Secretrio-geral da OEA: Preocupa o processo contra Dilma, que no  acusada de nada 
clatoisreal Vamos ter um artigo hj 
OlivettiFelipe stacyherbert You should stop reading Veja. There are communists under your bed. Have you looked there today? 
OlivettiFelipe stacyherbert One day, I hope to be like the objective, impartial real journalists of Globo amp; Veja. I can only dream. 
The total farce of Brazil's impeachment: 4 short paragraphs from guardian amp; jonathanwatts 
Earning $28 million/year from Wall St amp; large corporations is OK if you have progressivism in your heart  
Global narrative has completely turned against Brazil's impeachment; today's NYT report conveys how dubious it is 
NickBaumann Danke, Nick. 
petersterne Exactly, which is why many people - including the government - are calling it a coup. 
Um objetivo principal, na verdade 
Um vergonha nacional - como Trump, mas pior. 
Lise_Alves Yeah, I quickly corrected that. Long day! Hours of horrors. 
Dep. Bruno Arajo of PSDB - which lost last 4 elections to PT - casts the 342nd vote for impeachment of Dilma. Now goes to Senate. 
AndrewDFish At best, they mention a general corruption, not pedaladas. But most cite their general badness. 
Very few deputados have even mentioned the manufactured impeachment grounds. Most just admit they want PT amp; Dilma out. Honest, I guess. 
This is going to get worse - maybe much worse - when lots of people ignoring this until now realize what was done 
danilopmz Who do you think voted for PT in 4 straight elections? 
isaboemeke danilopmz No falo portugus? No sabia disso. E eu moro agora no Brasil. 
400 votes cast in Brazil's impeachment: Yes: 298 - No: 98 - Abstentions: 4 (342 - 2/3 of total - needed to send to Senate: getting close). 
rpOliveira Yes, Brazilians will get to feel good by comparison when seeing that. 
You idiots impeached a president for sex scandal, then invaded amp; destroyed Iraq, so you're in no position to judge. 
O mdia, com donos plutocratas, criou isso. 
rlimamcampos evandrosbc Right, that's why it's shocking. Cunha is presiding and they're going to empower Temer. Corruption is shocking. 
billmon1 If you could see the criminal freaks and malignant vipers carrying this out, I think even you might be surprised. 
Brazil is the fifth largest country in the world. What's happening here is quite shocking. And beyond disturbing. 
When voting to impeach Dilma, Dep. Jair Bolsonaro praised this person: military dictatorship torturer (of Dilma) 
I appreciate the Brazilian pro-impeachment deputados who praise the 64 coup and dictatorship: it's clarifying. 
Dep. Luiz Srgio (PT) notes that he's never heard God being invoked to justify political votes as much as today. Seems accurate. 
Amazingly, as the vote goes on - in its 3rd hour (or 4th) - the pre-vote speeches get longer. 
That was Dep. Glauber Braga (PSOL). He was great, but understated. 
300 votes cast in Brazil impeachment vote: Yes: 224 - No: 72 - Abstentions: 4 (342 - 2/3 of total - needed to send to Senate). 
danilopmz Eu moro no Brasil 11 aos. To aqui agora. 
"Dep Eduardo Bolsonaro voted 'in name of military men of 64'" (who did coup). "Now you see how dangerous they are." 
And, needless to say, he voted "yes" on impeachment. 
rob_bieber - 
Renan_Barreto Pelo meu neto que est chegando!!!! 
In the name of my parrot Sam, in the name of the sandwich I just ate, in honor of God amp; my own indictment, I vote to impeach!  
Seems Dep. Paulo Maluf, who just voted "yes" to impeach Dilma, remains on Interpol red list for financial crimes 
juliadantas It's exactly the same as in US: it's best not to watch them in action, or else you have to see what they really are. 
billmon1 jimiyuma No. like US/UK, they see themselves as the elevated, mature body. I think everything depends on reaction of population. 
billmon1 jimiyuma No. Needs majority to proceed in Senate (which suspends Dilma 180 days amp; elevates VP). Need 2/3 to convict. 
Dep Paulo Maluf (PP) - just taken off Interpol list to be arrested amp; extradited for multiple financial crimes - just voted "Yes" to impeach. 
jimiyuma That's far from clear. The pro-impeachment vote margin is huge so far. I think depends on how population reacts. 
ninalemos Rsrs.  *muito* difcil pra assistir isso! 
One bonus of watching impeachment vote is you get to learn the names of all the spouses, children, parents, aunts amp; uncles of the members. 
"To justify impeachment vote, few mentioned budget accusations or 'crimes of responsibility'": what makes it "legal" 
roqchams Actually, 3 have - so it's the first 203 votes. Screwed that up. 
200 votes now cast in Brazil impeachment vote: Yes - 158; No - 42 (342, 2/3 of total members, needed to send impeachment to Senate) 
LucianeCotta Vai parar aqui. E tudo sabe disso. Isso  sobre trinado o PT, no corrupo. 
Dep Csar Messias (PSB): "If we impeach Dilma, we get Temer. If we impeach Temer, we get Cunha. After that, Renan. So I vote no." 
TheMadMau 
annajamile Eu sei disso. 
Renan_Barreto And they know that. 
Dep. Expedito Netto (PSD) to House President Eduardo Cunha: "Today we vote to impeach Dilma. Tomorrow we vote to impeach you." 
First 100 votes on Brazil's impeachment: Yes - 76; No - 24 (2/3 needed to send to Senate). 
willcarless So hard to watch, truly. 
Eu vi televiso brasileiro por horas hoje. Quase nunca disse que o Cunha  cheio com corrupo extrema. 
You have to see it to believe it's real  
Most surreal thing I've ever seen: huge  accused of corruption, addressing someone w/secret Swiss Banks filled w/bribes, voting to impeach. 
The speaker of Brazil's house, Eduardo Cunha, sits there presiding over impeachment, as multiple members point out he's the real criminal. 
Brilliant! 
plurabellica Right - led by the sleaziest and most glaring criminal, sitting at the head of the line, presiding over it. 
Bjenkins120 TheLukeHickey The point is he supports an ideology wildly different than voters wanted in 4 straight elections. 
escoz 
lolNickFox They probably do, but we'll see. 
It's like watching a crime gang get in line and, one by one, denounce wrongdoing and then vote to overturn an election.  
Seems all 500 members of Brazil's lower house will vote 1-by-1, giving little mini-speeches each time (approx 320 face corruption charges) 
VP who'd take over, Michel Temer, is a) from a different party, b) accused of serious personal corruption, c) supports pro-business agenda 
On big difference w/US process: if Senate agrees to go forward (only needs majority vote), President is suspended 180 days, VP takes over. 
Voting on impeachment has begun in Brazil's lower house. If approved, then (as in US) it goes to Senate for trial, needs 2/3 for conviction. 
belaporai KennedyAlencar E mesmo processo no EUA: o House faz impeachment; o Senado faz o julgamento. 
KennedyAlencar Eu sei que o Senado provavelmente vai aceitar o pedido. Mas tem estimativas sobre o votao final? 
KennedyAlencar Existem estimativas confivel sobre as intenes do Senado? 
if a magazine that truly loathes Dilma and PT can recognize this.... 
fabiogelbcke You saw the quote from TheEconomist bureau chief saying they vehemently oppose impeachment - just a few days old. 
fabiogelbcke It's unclear, but they're summarizing the argument of impeachment advocates, saying that ground is "flimsy." 
fabiogelbcke TheEconomist They don't reverse themselves and say it's a crime in that article. What are you talking about? 
fabiogelbcke 
SharonJ44257163 - 
bradleybrooks Globo, Veja and friends are going to lose a huge amount of interest in Lava Jato and corruption generally post-impeachment. 
bradleybrooks He might, just because it's too glaring to let go, but most of them won't. 
It's one of the most deceitful, destructive and disgusting things I've ever seen in politics in any country 
emptywheel This is that to the zillionth degree. It's like a gathering of the worst thieves forming a jury. 
When you preside over removal of your country's president while sitting on millions in bribes in Swiss Banks 
ShaunKing So good 
No matter how many times you say it, never ceases to shock b/c media amp; right keep pretending it's about corruption 
The person presiding over Dilma's impeachment was found w/tens of millions of dollars in secret Swiss bank accounts, that he falsely denied. 
MonicaLewinsky Glad you're speaking out. You have no reason not to. 
deafaggion Moro no Brasil h 11 aos. Pago impostos no pais.  "meu business." Pq vc fala muito sobre EUA? 
sbpundit 
"Tickets to Clinton fundraiser, attended by 150 supporters, started at $33,400"- w/pro-Israel billionaire Haim Saban 
Sanders met yesterday w/Pope. Clinton flew to Calif for fundraiser w/venture capitalist amp; another w/George Clooney 
JoaoPaulodg Antes vc escreveu isso, vc pensou: "Eu tenho alguma coisa interessante amp; intelligent amp; maduro pra falar!!!" Muito bom. Parabns 
DanielaAF arrowp bqeg Ele mentiu 100 vezes, falando que sou apoiado do governo do Qatar. Mentiras assim no merecem respeito ou resposta. 
On_Politike That's exactly what it is. They've lost to PT in 4 straight elections. They can't win. This is finally their chance. 
JPedro_Monteiro If you don't think goal of pro-impeachment forces in Congress is to make Temer president, you're very wrong. It's the goal. 
JPedro_Monteiro Why did you say you're not trying to install Temer when you support a process you know will result in Temer as President? 
JPedro_Monteiro TheEconomist Who do you think is going to be President after Dilma's impeachment? 
JPedro_Monteiro TheEconomist 
JPedro_Monteiro Here's TheEconomist, which hates Dilma amp; PT 
arrowp He's the founder of EBay, you imbecile, and not Qatari. 
bqeg No, what's making Brazil look like an anti-democratic joke is the elected President being impeached by a band of thieves amp; plutocrats. 
bqeg I made that point myself to Lula. I didn't say it was a coup. It's an attack on democracy. And Supreme Court will rule on validity. 
arrowp bqeg So you spent 5 days outright lying, claiming that I'm supported by the Govt of Qatar, and childish retorts are all you have? 
bqeg That claim is a laughingstock in the international media. Even the Economist - which hates Dilma - says so 
bqeg I believe in democracy. PT won 4 straight presidential elections. 
bqeg In a democracy, impeachment isn't a solution to not liking a President's politics. Winning an election is. But you can't do that. 
arrowp bqeg You are spewing serious accusations without any evidence, and yes, they are 100 false. 
This jonronson interview of MonicaLewinsky - on shaming, bullying amp; feminism - is great 
bqeg I never supported PT in my life. I support democracy. 
bqeg They're actually accused of stealing for personal enrichment; she's isn't. But I'll be looking for your Impeach Temer amp; Acio tweets. 
arrowp bqeg They're not going to go after she goes. Also, by the way: you're a pathologicalliar, claiming I get support from Qatar. 
bqeg I'll ask you again: do you favor the removal of Temer and Cunha and Acio from the government for corruption? 
bqeg Do you want to remove Temer amp; Cunha amp; Acio from the government for corruption? 
bqeg You don't speak for everyone, only yourself. There will be catharsis. Globo/Abril media won't care about Temer amp; Cunha's corruption. 
joaomc Essas fantasias sexuais de seu mostrar muito sobre voc, nada sobre mim. No precisa esconder. Seja livre! 
willcarless I disagree that GOP impeaching Obama amp; Biden and installing Paul Ryan as President would show a functioning democracy. 
On_Politike Because the economy is horrible and people (for some valid reasons) blame her. That's not a ground for impeachment. 
willcarless So if GOP in Congress impeached Obama and Biden tomorrow, amp; Paul Ryan went to WH, you'd say it was a vindication of democracy? 
willcarless Sorry, not debating this on Twitter. I've written endlessly about it amp; others have. Law can be used for anti-democratic ends 
willcarless So what? That's a semantic debate: there are a lot of ways to cripple democracy besides a formal "coup." 
Opposition parties in Congress impeaching Dilma = putting Saudi Arabia on Human Rights council (which also happened) 
Impeachment has 2 goals: 1) steal power from PT; 2) trick public into believing corruption now solved, to protect actually corrupt figures. 
This has been, and continues to be, the central fact of Brazil's impeachment battle 
Timotay_Johnson NinaByzantina Or this 
Timotay_Johnson NinaByzantina I'm sure if N Korean ships were parked a few miles off the coast of New York you'd be good with that. 
ConorMcGlacken I knew I was going to get in trouble soon as I decided to mention Vine. 
ranreichman deep_beige I'm talking about the new Quadruple Vine. Please keep up. 
WattsonTom 
Someone please put the last 15 seconds of this on a Vine with endless loop. I think I may watch that forever. 
People are soon going to realize even more the massive plutoctat/media anti-democratic scam this is 
The Brazilian Trump, but - honestly - he's worse. 
freya_hughes It's so weird to see supporters of a candidate who conceals secret Wall Street speeches march under the "transparency" banner. 
Charming use of scare quotes 
timo! 
shayne571 Dems used to pretend to care about corp money amp; Wall St influence - until this year. Did you watch the Elizabeth Warren video? 
shayne571 For you - amp; what other candidate made millions in secret Wall St speeches? 
shayne571 She's still refusing to release the transcripts of her secret paid speeches to Wall Street banks. You know that, right? 
wolfeb99 I think Sanders should release his tax returns. I just don't see why Clinton campaign thought this was a winning issue for them. 
barryjackson1 He just released his return from last year. What was he hiding? Be specific. Thanks. 
Ted Cruz didn't do it, and he's our Moral Guide 
mencldu ShaunKing BernieSanders That Wall Street banks have made her unimaginably rich for virtually no work. 
If your opponent makes less in a year than you made in one 45-minute speech to Goldman, maybe don't draw attention to their tax returns? 
rcabrinicosta Impeachment para a corrupo populista oferece reacionrios brasileiros retorno bem-vindo  corrupo plutocrtica. 
andretaf Vc acha que naquela conta  do governo do Coreia do Norte? rsrsrsrsrs 
pedrodias If - as seems likely - only Dilma is impeached, and corrupt Temer is installed as president, what will you say about the process? 
pedrodias Are Temer amp; Cunha corrupt? 
pedrodias What do you mean "if"? You can say Dilma is corrupt, but you can't say if Temer amp; Cunha are? 
pedrodias 1) It shows the motive isn't corruption; it's a pretext; 2) Dilma isn't accused of stealing; 3) 
pedrodlucas They also support Temer's impeachment, so I assume you support that, too, right? 
Popehat I want to marry that tweet. 
This should be RedeGlobo's corporate motto 
RobinHoodSoci Acho que muitas pessoas vo perceber isso bem logo: quando eles vem o novo presidente. 
That picture from this NYT article - - which also features Congress' impeachment leader 
Poised to be installed as President by Brazil's plutocrat amp; media class- because they're *so offended* by corruption 
"And think about how much income we would lose in speech and consulting fees if he did that!!!!," he added. 
rocaramicoli Ela  incrivel mesmo 
emptywheel A side benefit! 
iranbarbosa 
Here's an interview w/this amazing teacher, Jonilda Ferreira (in Portuguese: Google can translate it) 
SimonDeDeo mcdermott Jonilda Ferreira 
onekade It's stunning. And her unadorned, humbled but impassioned presentation of this was so powerful. 
She does this all in a school w/virtually no resources. I'm going to write about her but was so blown away by the pioneering accomplishment. 
She's developed new methods to get poor kids engaged w/math, teaches them at super-advanced level. Many --gt; post-grad programs: so inspiring 
Did event today w/a Jr High math teacher in a tiny, poor town in NE Brazil; she's producing a huge  of national math champions: so amazing. 
grijo_leo Memso os gringos! Normalmente totalemente cego! Mesmo os gringos podem ver isso!!! 
Agora Estadao precisa notar esse fato bem bvio porque o nytimes disse isso muito claro hoje. 
CleytonAndradee Vc quer expulsar e silenciar todas as journalists estrangeiras no Brasil? Um pouco tirnico. 
CleytonAndradee No sou britnico. Moro no Brasil h 11 aos. Eu pago imposto no pais. Sou casado com brasileiro. E ja falei sobre Cameron 
emmettrensin WattsonTom That was my first choice, too, but I felt it was too obvious 
leahmcelrath Totally understandable. 
Quem est tentando instalar um poltico corrupto como presidente no pode fingir preocupao sobre corrupo (nem democracia)  
leahmcelrath All candidates who seek the massive power that comes from being President get viciously attacked, and they always have. 
leahmcelrath I wish more people like you could criticize their own candidate. Would make primaries way more bearable! 
There are still lots of people who accuse their political adversaries of being Kremlin agents. It's always 1954 for the US commentariat. 
leahmcelrath I agree: his record hasn't been good on Israel to put it mildly. But those comments were great. 
leahmcelrath It was wrong but hate he not done it, Clinton campaign would still be attacking him for it 
emmettrensin WattsonTom That's easy: Yeltsin 
Almost every Israeli politician criticizes Netanyahu more than Clinton will (impossible to do it less) 
One of the most significant and brave comments made by a major Democratic presidential candidate in many years 
Is this one of The Permissible Criticsms allowed to be uttered about Clinton? 
WattsonTom With Putin. And Stalin 
Electability 
mcorcoran3 Sanders, extensively and passionately, last night 
geasobd You're right. You missed most of what Sanders said in this 
PennyDreadful81 Yes, you sociopathic monster, such as the hundreds of Gazan children Israel killed. 
Watch Clinton's full-scale defense of Israel and refusal to do much as acknowledge killing of innocent Palestinians 
geasobd If that's what you tell yourself to sleep at night over what you support, I understand. 
eeerikaaa socialcaipira Por favor, quero saber sua resposta. 
If you want to understand Hillary Clinton, watch the horrifying exchange about Israel amp; Palestinians from last night's debate. 
eeerikaaa socialcaipira Quem vai ser presidente com sua soluo? 
cvaranges Seriously? It also refers with citations to Muslims being prosecuted for their speech. 
claudferraz All Truth resides in Globo and Veja. You don't read the Economist? They wrote endlessly on it. 
ANahmyah AliAbunimah Here's a start 
cvaranges You could start here 
Global media reporting on Brazil crisis is radically different than Brazil's dominant Globo/Abril circle, which are key impeachment players 
The non-Brazilian magazine that has been most critical of Dilma.... 
eeerikaaa S admita: eu no posso derrotar o PT com eleio e isso  minha oportunidade. Muito mais honesta. 
eeerikaaa viaSimonRomero Como Vice. E pessoas como vc querem colocar ele presidente, embora fingindo preocupao com corrupo. 
Maybe the clue lies in the identity of those whose free speech is being trampled on in France? 
eeerikaaa viaSimonRomero Quem quer colocar Temer na presidncia, sem eleio, no pode fingir preocupao como legalidade. S pretexto. 
david_wainer TheEconomist democracy 
eeerikaaa viaSimonRomero  sobre corrupo sim. Seus aliados querem dar muito poder pra as polticos mais corruptos, como vc torce. 
Even TheEconomist -which hates PT amp; wants Dilma to resign- admits no valid basis to impeach 
If you think Dilma's impeachment is about corruption, read today's viaSimonRomero NYT story 
Same for the truly unwatchable Halperin/Heilemann show: if a show pleases insiders, tiny ratings aren't a problem. 
mblneto cheiodeperna Infelizmente pra vcs, mesmo o NYT esta explicando pra o mundo essa realidade 
jason_pontin You're falling for a lot of myths about American Jews and how they vote 
jason_pontin Utter bullshit. Check recent polls about American Jews. Somehow Obama managed to repeatedly criticize Netanyahu in public. 
That Israel exchange shows a core Clinton truth: she'll take any position if politically advantageous (then apologize when the polls change) 
jason_pontin Israel has killed 1000s of innocent Gazans and it's wrong. The decades-old illegal military occupation must end. Start there 
It's appalling and dishonest in equal measure. 
Clinton vehemently refuses to utter a peep of criticism of Israel, or even to acknowledge the humanity of Gazans. It's truly disgusting. 
Liberals spent 8 years hating Netanyahu for opposing Obama - but now have to cheer for a candidate who channels him.  
In response to Sanders condemning killing innocent Gazans, Clinton gives a 100 amp; ugly defense of Israel (surprise!) 
Is this the 1st time a major presidential candidate talked about how many innocent Gazans Israel has killed amp; said it was disproportionate? 
Clinton: I also want NATO members to pay more. Dana Bash: What will you do if they refuse? Clinton: Oh, nothing. 
Sanders and Trump are both right about NATO - which is why it's causing such horror amp; terror among guardians of DC foreign policy orthodoxy. 
ashleyfeinberg Campbells theintercept Don't let them off the hook!!! 
Clinton suggested Sanders has been a reliable ally of the NRA in Congress 
robin_vestal Totally agree. 
(Genuinely) wonder how the race would have played out if Bernie were this aggressive in his critique from the start. 
If you're running for President, amp; CEOs of Verizon amp; Goldman Sachs hate you amp; see you as a danger, that's a big plus 
TravisWright19 Seriously? Have you been following me for 2 hours? 
Clinton told them to knock it off. I love when she says that. 
Does Sanders not know about this? 
Bizarre amp; disturbing that criticisms of a foreign leader - especially this one - are firing offenses. 
anderson__melo You can register for free 
billmon1 He wore those dark, cool, I'm-on-a-state-visit sunglasses just in case he has to deny it was him later on. 
billmon1 It was a no-nonsense trip. He went there to show them he won't stand down!!! 
sethrubenstein Not just getting on but staying on! Then, getting off. 
TheRealJohnSeal SpeakerRyan Yep. It's called tenacity. An American virtue. Never say die. 
It's a fantastic accomplishment. We all share the same pride for what you achieved. 
FaizaPatelBCJ Of course 
2tall4u2 wmholt007 Actually, i'm going to keep talking AND leak something else. But thanks for the advice, which I'm ignoring. 
trevortimm sebastianojones Please just admit that you hacked into my computer and read mine in draft form and then wrote yours. 
A dozen inside sources amp; secret docs expose Erik Prince's plans for paramilitary air force, mercenaries in Africa: 
Kirkdify I don't know! Probably our photo editor! 
To Protect Clinton, Democrats Wage War on Their Own Core Citizens United Argument 
JEKeep Totally get that, but common usage is: "revised inaccurately." 
To whom is Warren referring when she says "Revisionist history is dangerous" on TBTF? Interesting 
Casual_Obs You don't understand the point I'm making in the tweet. I didn't say or imply there is anything wrong with calling that out. 
Elizabeth Warren, yesterday (via froomkin): 
We're supposed to elevate ugly tweets from a candidate's supporters into a major campaign issue, right? 
Oh, dear. Let's have a parade of columns about this tweet, demands that Clinton herself denounce it, deep analysis 
akshat_khan FaizaPatelBCJ Check my timeline; you'll see I did, but it's like me saying: wish you had noted slaughter of cow-eating Muslims 
Dr_Dance Were there also a lot problems in the world in the 1980s, when a global movement boycotted the South African regime? 
fieldfare123 FaizaPatelBCJ Are you sitting on a throne as you issue these decrees about women can and cannot wear? 
BaeHive We must deny women autonomy in order to free them! 
U of Chicago College Council adopts resolution urging divestment from all companies complicit in Israeli occupation 
ivovic It's not American rednecks proposing to ban adult university women from wearing head-scarves. 
ivovic Right. That's the irony. As of often happens, the two sides at war with each other end up with quite similar behaviors. 
JuliaHB1 You describe yourself as "opinion-giver," so I'll do nothing but scoff at your attempt to convert "pundit" into a language scandal 
There are also some psychological rewards at play in dictating to adult women what they can and cannot wear 
Watch as UK pundit grapples with idea that superior Brits are subject to same standards as their inferior enemies 
Read yasserlouati: French elites are exploiting secularism concepts to attack Muslims ----gt; 
JillFilipovic That Twitter's user name is "RenagadeGirl" and self-identifies as a black woman. 
Food for thought 
 Memories  
Victorfer87 I doubt anything thinks it is the only reason. 
Victorfer87 Yeah, who could possibly think the problems in Iraq have anything to do a devastating invasion amp; 10-year occupation? 
jilliancyork dgradost I've been wanting to do an investigative article on that industry for awhile. 
MikeShor politico I'm sorry to break this to you, but there's huge amount of discrimination in militarily occupying someone for decades 
davidschneider DanielWickham93 Irony is many on the right fail  they constantly equate "criticizing Israel" with "criticizing Jews" 
Still not understanding why boycotting NC is a valid tactic, but boycotting Israel is an evil that must be outlawed. 
vejaocentro DocElincia You mean the Brazilian people who voted for the PT candidate as president in 4 straight elections? 
gustavokov Pra pessoas que quer democracia, uma diferena pequena: ela ganhou 2 eleies pra ser presidente. 
CeticoBRL Won 2 elections to be President. 
Recall when Dianne Feinstein found spying so offensive? When it was her activities targeted. Otherwise she loves it. 
If only the DC myth were true that the 2 parties can't agree or cooperate on anything. Sadly, the opposite is true. 
Dianne Feinstein: 2 decades of joining with Senate GOP to embrace authoritarianism amp; make Americans less safe 
tiagoddias The difference? She won 2 elections to be president 
Panama Papers include one of USs biggest wartime military contractors - by AdamWeinstein, others at ThisIsFusion 
Some of the most admired tech experts/hackers are those who find vulnerabilities/exploits amp; sell them to the US Govt 
judynbea BenjaminNorton Salon LOL - that's what undemocratic means: a privileged elite ensuring the hordes can't have their way. 
MarlowNYC I do agree that most Dem media figures were for Obama then (though most now are for HRC). But remember all the PUMAs? 
MarlowNYC You must not have been paying attention, because many, many people complained in 2008 about every aspect of that process. 
Read BenjaminNorton on growing anger over the undemocratic use by Democrats of "super-delegates" 
Why would this possibly be? There's no reason for it at all, so let's blame their religion. 
The underscore line after "The" may have been inelegant and inconvenient but it was sturdy. And it was ours.  
The official motto of censors everywhere: "I love free speech, but...." 
digarden lucasvcdias Actually, the people's choice was for the PT's candidate to be president - 4 straight times. 
AndiamoVite The people who are about to be empowered by impeachment are corrupt in the extreme. 
ChrChristensen Totally agree 
denbutsu SamHarrisOrg If New Atheist cultists want to compare what Father Sam has done to defend free speech to what I have, I'm ready 
ChrChristensen True, though Erdogan is demanding application of the law. 
Kottem1 You're one of those remaining Germans who think being non-German invalidates your opinions? 
Europe still has a huge amount of work to do in the free speech realm. Often seems to be going backward 
meirelles_rj 
papagaio_pirata If Dilma is impeached, Temer becomes president. 
DoraSantosDonna Moro na Brasil h 11 aos. Fiz muito reportagem no pais. Sou casado com brasileiro. Conheo muito bem. 
Oregonemom I've received tons of abuse from Clinton supporters. And LGBT writers are often subjected to abuse. Don't need your lectures. 
What Lula said in his interview with me on Friday: seems very likely to come true 
Keesmarges Nothing. That is part of alexcuadros' point. 
Miriam__GM If you don't like PT, you should try to beat them in an election. That's how democracy works. 
Miriam__GM 
Again: a major objective of Dilma's impeachment is public catharsis: to shield corrupt figures from investigation 
abdejan TariqRamadan Why don't you include Judaism in that list? And I appreciate that you don't even pretend to believe in free thought. 
Nothing says "libert" like dictating to adult women what they are and are not permitted to wear 
ciacciom I didn't write the article, but he was talking about people who posted pictures of his apartment with arrows to his bedroom. 
alepraca Mesmo os apoiadores da Dilma no Congresso esto falando pra a mdia que o jogo acabou, mas vamos ver. 
"Revises" is a nice way of putting it. See also: 
alepraca It's now highly likely she's going to be impeached, which means Temer will become president. The meaning was very clear. 
alepraca Seriously? 
DocElincia They can, but they won't, because this is all an anti-democratic power play - has nothing to do with corruption. 
When the world sees Brazil's new President - an unpopular, pro-business, corruption-implicated non-entity - they'll see what was really done 
escudo75 Yes, and the campaign for Labour leader 
ThePlumLineGS In one of the deeper levels of hell, people are consigned to spend eternity in a bitter, protracted primary fight. 
The campaign tactic of depicting online abuse as a particular attribute of Sanders supporters was abjectly dishonest 
Obama has protected Israel at the UN more than any US president in 40 years - by Lara_APN 
As Dilma's impeachment looks more likely, her VP-successor vows a more pro-business approach 
Sirina_Wadud mirinhobraga Sim, o link que usamos foi pra esse artigo 
jeremyscahill zaidjilani After much speculation, looks like the real boss of the Intercept has been unmasked 
mirinhobraga Esse artigo  bom. So no tive tempo pra perguntar, mas discutimos isso nosso artigo 
Worth watching: katiecouric interviews megynkelly about journalism, Trump amp; the 2016 campaign 
based_ES simonowens Actually, I called it a media outlet, but they happen to do some very good journalism along with the bill-paying stuff 
chrislhayes I totally understand the terror, but not the schadenfreude. They see very in conflict to me. 
Momisbuff Salon has been deeply struggling with finances for a long time. 
100. And there seems to be a lot of self-destructive journalistic schadenfreude when other media outlets struggle. 
YPasko joanwalsh rmh1508 The point - explicitly made - is that she's awesome amp; really smart, not "entitled" because of length of tenure. 
She's truly fantastic. Someone smart will hire her. 
DaringtobeGreat The Dem argument in CU is that corp donations are *inherently corrupting of politics. You're agreeing w/Scalia amp; Roberts. 
DaringtobeGreat That was the argument of the Citizens United majority: they said prohibit only corruption, not all corporate donations. 
L_Schmitt_VII lol (literally) 
emptywheel The good thing about being Jamie Dimon is that you don't need to hide your crimes. 
emptywheel Jamie Dimon is not "everyone else" and nobody should suggest, even in jest, that he be treated as such. 
overlayered That option is currently in second place. 
Dem Poll: True or False: Big corporate/bank campaign donations are corrupting? 
allisonkilkenny After turning him into the police 
In 2015, only cable news show to win Emmy was allinwithchris. This year, it's the only one to be Peabody finalist 
TravisDuCote Nobody said it does. The point is that people are complex and have multiple sides to them. Rarely all good or all bad. 
Combination of politics + social media often obscures people's humanity: ron_fournier on raising his autistic son 
People who have supported US/UK policy of assassination-targeting without due process bear a serious disgrace 
Protesters stressed that they are not defending PT. They are defending Brazilian democracy 
50,000 protesters yesterday in Rio de Janeiro against impeachment: "There will be no coup. There will be a battle." 
In these cases, good question always is: should "because of" replace "despite"? 
They've won 4 straight elections ... the VP is implicated in corruption ... so how do we get rid of them? I know! 
Guardian article by johannhari101: "The opposite of addiction isn't sobriety  it's connection" 
starmediaguy Neither Hillary, nor Obama, nor most Dems raised any of this when low-level, unknown people were being prosecuted. 
JamesGreiff That's their big problem. How are they going to continue to pretend this was about corruption when people see her successor? 
To protect Hillary, Obama invents a brand new theory of classified information unavailable to "lower rank-and-file" 
These 2 NYT paragraphs from viaSimonRomero are crucial to understand Brazil's impeachment 
Lula said he supports decriminalization for possession, full marriage equality for LGBTs amp; a woman's right to choose 
I don't think Hillary should be prosecuted for emails, but if it was someone less important, Obama Admin would do it 
"These same political parties"- beloved by media - "failed 4 times to defeat Rousseffs Workers' Party at the polls" 
Brazilian media "concentrated in hands of a few domestic conglomerates...owned by a wealthy elite" - very united 
Great Independent article on the role of Brazil's plutocratic media in Dilma's impeachment (via cynaramenezes 
It's weird/telling how little attention Clinton supporters devote to fact that neocons seem quite content with her 
jeffjeba Quando o president Reagan foi baleado, esse assessor disse pra uma colectiva: "Eu tenho controle aqui na casa branco agora." 
The embarrassing leak of VP Temer's post-impeachment "I am your president" speech reminds me somewhat of this 
Vinncent Me, too - each option seems sort of implausible. I guess a presumption is to assume ineptitude rather than adept plotting. 
Vinncent No, I was guessing that it was an accident. 
I wonder if this will be the cover of VEJA and RevistaEpoca this week (no, I don't actually wonder that) 
Vinncent In this particular case, my money is on the latter. 
Vinncent These are really things that one would think wouldn't be accidentally leaked. 
Brazil's Vice President -implicated in corruption- is practicing his post-impeachment speech as President: it leaked 
There is, put simply, a different law for powerful DC amp; Wall Street allies than there is for everyone else... 
brunotp Com todas as entrevistas assim, sempre vai ter perguntas que a gente pode falar: pq no perguntou esses? 
brunotp Isso. E tb foi pra uma audincia internacional que no conhecem todas as detalhes do Lavo Jato, querem entender mais: consequncias 
brunotp Ta bom, mas ele j deu uma colectiva 3 semanas atrs e respondeu pra muito dessa. 
frauleinlails I worked with 3 Globo outlets - O Globo, Epoca amp; Fantastico - amp; always say the journalists amp; editors there were excellent. 
brunotp Ja respondi pra isso nesse link: 
frauleinlails I think every argument amp; article should be judged on its merits, not based on where it's published. 
frauleinlails Whose praise counts? Globo's? Veja's? Whose praise should I be viewing as valid? Does this count? 
brunotp Nas olhas de quem? Na verdade, nunca recebi mais elogio pra uma entrevista. Claro alguns crticas tb mas o pais  bem polarizado. 
More great attackerman reporting on the horrors of Chicago's off-the-books police interrogation site 
Mas totalmente esperado e tpica 
Existem jornalistas excelentes que trabalham no Globo amp; Abril que tambm tem vergonha com o papel atual destas organizaes. 
gabrielazevedo Acho que eles tem estratgia para persuadir mdia internacional que impeachment  antidemocrtica 
Surprise! They're usually so measured and professional. 
gabrielazevedo Ja respondi 
gabrielazevedo Os 2 governos - *agora* - esto matando muitas inocentes e apoiando os regimes mais opressivo no mundo 
gabrielazevedo O governo do EUA e UK invadiu e destruiu o Iraque, baseado na mentiras, e usou uma sistema da tortura. Sim, acho que  pior. 
gabrielazevedo Por favor. Vc defendeu mesmo - 
gabrielazevedo Na minha vida, eu nunca vi nada como o comportamento do mdia dominante brasileiro. Eu critiquei muito o mdia na EUA amp; UK. 
gabrielazevedo Ta bom.  incrvel como vc pode defender esse amp; finge que  uma crtica srio.  uma criana feio. 
gabrielazevedo Tem muitas jornalistas dentro naqueles organizaes que tem vergonha sobre isso. 
gabrielazevedo Ja escrevi um artigo longo sobre que RedeGlobo e VEJA esto fazendo aqui 
gabrielazevedo RedeGlobo Eu no disse isso. E disse que o modelo eles esto usando pra incitar protestos e defendendo o oposio no . 
gabrielazevedo Existem jornalistas excelentes em todas as organizaes de mdia com quem trabalhei, including O Globo, Epoca amp; globorede 
gabrielazevedo Ganhei um Prmio Esso. Fiz muito jornalismo aqui. No preciso suas palestras sobre que  "considerado journalism no Brasil" 
gabrielazevedo Mas se vc quer que ohlo pra vc como um crtico srio, defendendo esse estupidez no  como 
gabrielazevedo Tem muitas pessoas elogiando a entrevista, alguns criticando.  Brasil. Ja respondi as criticas aqui 
gabrielazevedo To muito feliz com isso. Tudo no Brasil  extremamente polarizado. No quis copiar o Globo/Veja modelo pq no  jornalismo. 
gabrielazevedo pedroandradetv Professors do jornalismo no mundo todo vo discutir esse crtica profundo pra sempre 
gabrielazevedo pedroandradetv Sim. Esse  uma critica muito profundo amp; inteligente. Mereceu uma resposta bem srio 
yosoytucker Meu deu supresa. No sei porque ele no disse isso durante o debate. 
Journalism and punditry are the most accountability-free professions in the country 
aweiser278 ContraGolpismo Dilma and her key ministers and aids supported that law. 
For a severely cognitively impaired African-American prisoner, specifically 
Good. It was clear from the start the case was dubious. And it's a reminder not to assume guilt from accusations. 
Lula denounces the new anti-terrorism/spying law Dilma's government demanded for Olympics, as a danger to democracy 
kiadd 
pedroandradetv I love how you say that I should go live in Russia w/Putin-then whine about "personal attacks." Isn't there a runway nearby? 
Globo's clothing model holds forth on politics, and it's about the level you'd expect 
adowniebrazil alexcuadros Thanks! He's not an easy interview. 
_rodrigomattos_ the_intercept na link respondi pra isso 
_rodrigomattos_ 
riskybusiness Definitely let me know when you come. 
riskybusiness No, back in Rio. 
"Eu acredito que tenha problema no meu partido" com corrupo, Lula disse. 
OlivettiFelipe the_intercept Se voc odeia PT assim, tente venc-los em uma eleio uma vez.  assim que a democracia funciona. 
OlivettiFelipe the_intercept Os jornalistas devem entrevistar s as figuras que OlivettiFelipe gosta. Isso  obvio. 
OlivettiFelipe the_intercept MPF_PGR 
ASSISTA: Entrevista Exclusiva de Glenn Greenwald com ex-Presidente Lula 
WATCH: Exclusive Interview by Glenn Greenwald With Former Brazilian President Lula da Silva 
anlbarr Logo! Demorando por causa as legendas em ingls. 
Bigus_Digus Estou triste que vc est alucinando. J viu minha entrevista com Lula? 
Felipe_Ariza_ ALuizCosta Uma vergonha enorme. 
aantonop Enjoy! 
georgemacedo Ele  uma vergonha nacional mesmo. 
Meu deus: a ignorncia aqui. Ele apagou essa vergonha e bloqueou tudo quem respondeu com criticas.  
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others". 
IE: When some low-level person mishandles it, that's a crime. When a powerful Democrat does, that's a triviality. 
marceloayub RedeGlobo I've lived in Brazil for 11 years and am here now, so I have no idea what you mean by "down here." 
Obama has repeatedly interfered in criminal investigations. Barred torture prosecutions, declared Manning guilty... 
Mais tarde hj! Estamos trabalhando pra acabar. 
LA Times Op-Ed by johannhari101 with good news: The old global consensus on the war on drugs is crumbling 
PSRealTalk RedeGlobo 
KyleKulinski That would be  
NinoGambinoJr RedeGlobo Thanks. I think I'll be OK. 
The Media Matters attack on megynkelly forget to mention this 
How RedeGlobo's impeachment agitators - I mean, on-air journalists - respond to corrections of their false claims 
Watch our exclusive interview with Lula later today at the_intercept. New poll: he amp; silva_marina lead 2018 race 
coviolgrand No human being can possibly be so dumb as to think I said anything remotely like that. 
UpsetPatterns 
Yep. JorgePontual is an embarrassment. I'd have more respect if he admitted he's agitating for/inciting impeachment 
You can't understand Brazil's crisis w/o understanding role of dominant media, owned by 2-3 plutocratic families, all united in propaganda 
Amazingly, JorgePontual seemed not to know that Brazil has a presidential rather than parliamentary system of govt 
Globo's JorgePontual argued proving crimes not needed for impeachment, cited parliamentary no-confidence votes. Deleted it in embarrassment 
The leader of the impeachment process against Dilma in Congress.... 
From a month ago: truer than ever...  
Have to pick 1: A) Hillary deserves credit for Clinton Adm successes; that work helps make her "qualified"; B) Hillary wasn't part of Admin 
The more the U.S. hears from Michelle Alexander, the better 
FriedHardt Amanh, depois vc assiste a entrevista, volte aqui e explica to estpida e humilhado vc se sente. Obrigado. At amanh. 
donaldluzzatto Go read what people were saying about ACT-UP and the LGBT movement in the late 1980s into the 1990s. Very similar. 
donaldluzzatto Literally every political movement has some people in it with bad views. 
donaldluzzatto But politically, that's how LGBT movement was attacked: you have radicals, anti-religionists, sleazy Communists, etc. 
Blackword SamHarrisOrg That's the sign of a true cult member: every issue, no matter how unrelated, raises thoughts of The Father. 
donaldluzzatto That was the same argument used to delegitimize LGBT movement for years: you have a lot of bad people w/bad views in it. 
SamAdlerBell zackbeauchamp deep_beige kohenari I was involved in "Boycott Colorado" over Am2 in early 1990s amp; there was a lot of that. 
donaldluzzatto Conflating "criticism of/activism against Israel" w/"anti-semitism" is itself anti-semitic: equates Israeli Govt amp; Jews. 
kohenari zackbeauchamp deep_beige Right: anti-BDS sentiment is about a lot more than "the occupation is complex." 
zackbeauchamp deep_beige kohenari Many people obviously support the NC law, which is why it was enacted. They see it as "complex," too. 
zackbeauchamp deep_beige kohenari A decades-long, brutal military occupation that the whole world regards as illegal is "more complex"? 
donaldluzzatto "some ugly stuff" is vapid innuendo and smearing, not an argument. 
falameufilho the_intercept Try watching an interview before denouncing it: will save yourself humiliation that way. 
davechensky 
Still looking for an answer to this question.... 
Colombia: the latest conservative, largely Catholic Latin America country that will now have full marriage equality 
Vai ser amanh, em the_intercept: video com legendas ingls. 
Canada's globeandmail: VEJA leans, like most major Brazilian media, to the right"   
bamoco2 TonhoDrinks Eles foram eleitos 4 vezes consecutivas. Quer "Swiss Bank" Cunha com seu presidente? Ele  bem honesto. 
TonhoDrinks the_intercept Vc vai se sentir muito estpido e humilhado quando todos virem a entrevista. 
Pedro_Vicente stanleyburburin fernandocesar77 Isso. Fizemos a entrevista hj. Publicamos domingo a vdeo 
In the War That Obama Ended: At Least 17 Civilians Killed in U.S. Airstrikes, Afghan Officials Say 
blackhippychick washingtonpost If they know those places. 
These Brooklyn "dog lockers" may be well-intentioned, but they seem pretty awful 
almyrOH adowniebrazil the_intercept It was in Portuguese, but it will have English subtitles and a transcript. 
TYTNetwork cenkuygur You should check out this amazing timeline making this point 
mrickling What the Post is doing here is so unbelievably ridiculous. 
Actually, that's a pretty good summation of exactly what western/NATO countries do 
This was actually published by the Washington Post 2 days ago - and remains there (just by the way) 
taylormarsh It's amazing, isn't it? Do you have a link. Also, see here: 
hash_said Stay tuned! 
Virtually every attack from Clinton campaign aimed at Sanders amp; his supporters were made in 2008 about Obama and his 
Read the analysis of the always-smart billmon1 starting here 
If you want to understand why the "Leader of the Free World" label is a laughingstock everywhere outside of US... 
Leave The Great American Companies aloooooone!!!!! They've done nothing to anyone amp; it's time to stop bullying them 
peterkrupa the_intercept Maybe wait to see the interview before maligning it? 
Estive com Lula hoje, em So Paulo, para uma entrevista exclusiva. Assista, no domingo, em the_intercept 
I sat down with Lula today in So Paulo for an exclusive one-on-one interview. Watch it at the_intercept on Sunday 
Brazil's right-wing VEJA attacks Justin Trudeau. Canada's globeandmail amp; snolen have a hilariously scathing reply 
emilymaxima You support LGBT equality; oppose Drug War, mass incarceration amp; mass surveillance; are anti-war; favor prison for torturers? 
EdgeofSports Vital evidence of corruption this extreme is impossible even for Globo to ignore. They mention it in passing to say they did. 
Very few of leading plutocrat media outlets inciting Dilma's impeachment - like Globo amp; Veja - care at all about Cunha's massive corruption. 
Cunha is still President of lower house of Brazil's Congress despite being caught w/millions in secret Swiss banks amp; lying about it Congress 
Informant testifies $5 million was earmarked as bribe for Eduardo Cunha: corrupt *leader of impeach-Dilma movement* 
He said something similiar about Trump. Like many conservatives, likely he'll endorse Clinton over Trump or Cruz... 
Loudest evangelizers of "meritocracy" amp; "personal responsibility" so often benefitted from huge, unearned advantages 
His refusal to play that role meekly amp; gratefully is rude. I hope the civility lectures from Dem pundits fix him. 
W/this article, watch new 10-minute film on what happens to a source (Stephen Kim) after he's jailed by Obama Adm 
DemFromCT It's totally legitimate to express disagreement w/a candidate's views amp; votes amp; to highlight what you think are the consequences. 
Oh my, Mr. Sanders, I do declare: your tone is now so very gauche.  from those red-baiting him amp; blaming him for Sandy Hook 
Talking about Gazans like human beings is a huge taboo in US national politics, as evidenced by the reaction... 
If a politician votes for amp; vocally advocates a destructive, illegal invasion amp; war of aggression, it's terribly impolite to mention victims 
We're at the point when Dem pundits don their earnest face amp; - w/sorrow - denounce opposing campaign for incivility 
Read NaomiAKlein on Hillary Clinton, corporate cash, and a corporate mentality 
cuttlefish_btc it's up and running. 
cuttlefish_btc The death of innocent people or the destruction of their privacy. NOT protecting US interests 
millylacombe Snowden Alm de seu intelecto, compaixo e realizaes, Chomsky  uma grande pessoa. 
cuttlefish_btc You're lying. I've never said that. Multiple tweets from you based on a total fabrication. 
GabRF folha davidmirandario 
eriskj You're going to upset CapehartJ terribly by making him see that. That's not nice. Hope he's OK. 
cheiodeperna davidmirandario  gratis pra cadestrar. Ou pode ler isso 
English version of my Folha Op-Ed today /DavidMirandaRio, against Dilma's impeachment "If Impeachment, Then Who"? 
Last 7 states: ID- Sanders 78 UT- Sanders 79.3 AZ- HRC 56.5 AK- Sanders 81.6 HI- Sanders 68.8 WA- Sanders 72.7 WI- Sanders 56.5 
So often in US politics, campaigns try to turn a candidate's best attributes into liabilities 
Impeachment "est designado para proteger a corrupo, no para puni-la" - meu artigo na folha com davidmirandario 
It's virtually impossible to believe this is real. 
He's certainly winning a lot of Democratic primaries amp; caucuses: 16 total - 7 out of the last 8. 
Major part of Obama legacy here to stay: killing large groups of people by drone w/o knowing who they are  
ubrals mariana_godoy Um esquema corrupta do enriquecimento pessoal da Dilma? Qual? 
ubrals Como mariana_godoy disse, se vc sabe alguma coisa que ningum j descobriu, precisa mostrar!  importante pra tudo sabem!!!! 
petersterne He actually addressed that in his answer from last week 
petersterne He made a *tactical* choice. Like me, he's a huge supporter of WikiLeaks amp; would never suggest they've been "irresponsible." 
Chelsea Manning, too. 
owncolt NO ESCREVI O MANCHETE OU O ARTIGO DO folha. Pode entender isso? 
owncolt Seu argumento  com folha 
Brazil's pro-impeachment leader: Eduardo "Swiss Bank" Cunha to ignore Sup Ct's order to include VP in impeachment 
Misterr_E LOL. That's emboldening! 
CarlBeijer Same way DC "humanitarianism" so often translates as "bomb them," not "give aid" or "help them rebuild." 
ianbremmer He should have stayed in US, content that, as he sat in a cage for 40 yrs, you were tweeting mild praise from NYU faculty lounge 
All these people who are Je Suis Charlie" are also fine with preventing me from speaking" - TariqRamadan 
0x190E43BF ianbremmer You have no idea what you're talking about. The OpEd was in 2014. His airport stay was 2013. 
ianbremmer How do you explain the fact that he HAS CRITICIZED PUTIN? And why do you keep falsely denying he has? 
hamid That's ianbremmer's brilliant criticism. He only said "leader of Russia," not PUTIN! Also: 
KristianHarstad Snowden ianbremmer I apologize to myself for wasting time responding to you. Have a nice day. 
attackerman Is it still operating? How cynical of Snowden to do it in a place where nobody would see it. 
Except for the article Snowden wrote in tiny outlet called "The Guardian" saying Putin lied 
Yes, indeed: those demanding that of Snowden have displayed so much bravery amp; noble self-sacrifice in their lives. 
Exactly!! If Muslims condemned terrorism 24 hrs/day, or Snowden did for Russia, they'd still say it doesn't happen. 
These US jingoists never demand that people who seek/get asylum in the US criticize US leaders. Isn't that strange? 
ianbremmer Of all the idiocy I've encountered in last 3 years, "Snowden should leave my side alone amp; attack Russia" is the dumbest by far. 
KristianHarstad Snowden ianbremmer Do you think if you lie brazenly enough that nobody will notice? 
US jingoists: we'll 1) jail whistleblowers for decades; 2) demand they attack those giving them asylum; 3) pretend they haven't when they do 
JackRyanDCI Snowden ianbremmer Very fascinating, substantive, and informative. Thank you for sharing that. 
ianbremmer You've totally humiliated yourself today. 
Beyond how stupid your demand is, Yes, he did: IN THE VERY TWEET PRECEDING THE ONE YOU CITED 
indieleisten Wow, impressive! He refrained in this case from extra-judicially murdering a whistleblower! Give him the Nobel Peace Prize. 
Without question one of nation's best amp; most knowledgeable foreign policy analysts (amp; thus almost never on TV).... 
No matter how many times Snowden criticizes Russia, reckless people spew this vapid clich 
This is the person who ran the NSA and CIA. Trust them with vast, unaccountable powers exercised in the dark... 
bmaz billmon1 We're going to tinker with the status quo and manage the tinkering very competently! 
Their super PAC is very well-funded. But we're working on winning DWStweets' stalwart team of super-delegates... 
This is the debate at the heart of Clinton's candidacy - and the mindset of many of her loudest media supporters.... 
epmurph Nobody rational takes seriously Trump's anti-war posture, or anything else he says. It's just a rhetorical analysis. 
epmurph Right - he's dumped on lots of neocon pieties (Iraq, Russia, NATO, Israel, etc) amp; it hasn't hurt him. OpEd asks why that is. 
monaeltahawy I hope Mostafa turns out OK. Those are gut-wrenching stories and I'm sure it wasn't easy to write. 
epmurph I don't entirely agree: he now criticizes Iraq (amp; Libya) War on merits, not mismanagement, amp; denounces NFZ in Syria, etc. 
epmurph Trump has no coherent ideology or ideas. But he's spouted some anti-war rhetoric that has resonated in a way that surprised many. 
epmurph The writer is not a fan of Trump (says he's unqualified). He's analyzing why there's an appetite for war opposition among GOP base. 
mlake9 - see the other tweets for the discussion on this 
epmurph A bit more complex: he favors fewer wars, but advocates more monstrous, war-criminal tactics for the ones US does fight. 
epmurph Did you read the article? Which candidates oppose air-bombing of ISIS? He's denouncing Iraq, Libya amp; Syria interventions. 
Read monaeltahawy in NYT on horror stories from Sisi regime amp; role played by west's support 
NYT Op-Ed by a Trump critic: "Why Trumps Antiwar Message Resonates with White America" 
MonaHol HenryMakow You just have to listen to this 
HenryMakow Seriously, did you intend this as comedy? I honestly love it. Can't stop listening. It's great 
HenryMakow LOL - Just heard the part where you said homosexuals want to "mess you up amp; exploit you sexually" - LOL 
HenryMakow Genuinely laughing at this, but then again I'm a homosexual member of the Illuminati. This shit is funny 
Read about opposition leader spearheading Dilma's impeachment: tells you whether "corruption" is really driving this 
House leader spearheading Dilma's impeachment, Eduardo Cunha-found w/millions in Swiss accounts- is in  
hilde_angel Vou ter um artigo na um jornal brasileiro grande essa semana, explicando isso. 
nomiprins amp; dogs! 
mrfreer I believe so, yes. 
Kirkdify I agree: it's been so bizarre reading so many articles about who is winning the "donor primary," like this is normal amp; healthy 
davidsirota Beyond fact that he cult-like adopted Obama's name, he's the author of literally my favorite tweet ever 
Kirkdify Newsweek In this case, it's more a way that people can express anger and a desire to defeat a hideous incumbent. 
To learn more about Wasserman Schultz's primary challenger, Tim_Canova, see here: -website: 
The intense unpopularity of Debbie Wasserman Schultz: her unknown primary challenger raises $500K in 1st quarter 
RT_com Don't think I don't appreciate that. And I can't wait to see who will be the 1st to use this tweet as evidence of my Putin-captivity 
Look, it's totally fine to run against or oppose Hillary Clinton. We'll allow that - just as long as you don't criticize her.  
In the US amp; UK, this never goes out of style 
cc: Telegraph 
A Key Similarity Between Snowden Leak and PanamaPapers: Scandal is Whats Been Legalized 
What's notable here isn't Trump's creepiness but how US local/domestic police forces have been utterly militarized 
rtjpoet tejucole Right. Huge numbers of people who read it just magically hallucinated the same way 
markwelsh83 "The Muslims" are already well-aware of that - - hopefully, some day you will be, too 
roqchams The people who objected to lavishing them with awards have been hearing that disgusting slander for over a year. 
roqchams Especially for people who parade around as rational anti-religionists, Charlie Hebdo is sacred and divine. 
splendid_savage She wrote: "there are secular, native-born Israeli Jews who do not believe in Zionism as a political ideology." 
markwelsh83 No. That's sociopathic of you to think that criticizing someone's ideas means they deserve to get murdered. 
Precisely. Charlie Hebdo became a religion, and criticizing its content was forbidden. Until now. 
To see how false davidfrum's tweet is, just read this from lisang at his link 
donaldluzzatto No. His point is that it's torture if Others do it, but not when We do. 
donaldluzzatto How do you explain Giuliani - who had no involvement in it - saying the same thing in 2007? 
scout_lisa mattyglesias 
The defining mentality of American Exceptionalism, in a nutshell 
Good mattyglesias explainer on various aspects of  
Bernie is coming for you !!!! 
Watch this new frontlinepbs show on the despotism amp; heinous barbarism of the Saudi regime, close friend of US amp; UK 
cehoskinson You think accusing TejuCole of "completely dishonest misrepresentation" w/o refuting a thing he said is remotely worthwhile? 
How can you be tweeting this? I keep hearing from all the contemporary McCarthyites that you're captive to Kremlin. 
pait Unlike key leaders of other parties, she isn't accused of corruption for personal enrichment. That's the point: even you should get it 
pait There was a link w/the tweet making the context clear. Sorry you're too simple-minded to read beyond a tweet 
pait You're an idiot. I didn't say other parties worse than PT. I said accusations against their leaders are worse corruption than DILMA's. 
mabarreto_ cynaramenezes Acho que o lei no permite. Precisa ser 90 dias? 
AngelaMilanese cynaramenezes Exatamente. Mas pelo menos, esse Editorial mostra que pessoas esto realizando a problema com saida da Dilma. 
cynaramenezes Tb: se Dilma e Temer renunciam, o Cunha vai ser Presidente at nova eleio? Rsrsrs. 
cynaramenezes Isso. Se impeachment ou renunciar, Temer vai ser presidente, e o Folha pode falar: "oooh, no quisemos isso." O objectivo. 
JohnBurtner So now people who attack soldiers as part of an occupying army are "terrorists"? 
snolen We have an op-ed in Folha about this that was supposed to run today but now will be Wed. Dilma not accused of personal enrichment. 
Fighting Israeli Occupying Forces is Terrorism. Boycotting is Anti-Semitism. Whats Allowed? 
srsimonsr That's not how democracy works. 
Dilma's impeachment meets a road-block: other parties are rife w/far greater corruption amp; could stop investigations 
MattBors Totally. 
Worse are the journos who write column after column with no purpose but to denounce unnamed, random Twitter critics. 
The can't-miss interview of the week is chrislhayes with Michelle Alexander - she should be on TV much more. 
Wounded Palestinian shot point-blank by IDF Sgt Elor Azarya died from that head shot - 
soledadobrien Indeed. Here is TejuCole writing about it very well 
johnny_nimble Muslims are "vipers"? You sound like Hitler talking about Jews. But that's probably your goal. 
SirAnthonyWayne tejucole Fantastic argument. Provocative and top-notch. I'm going to spend a few days off Twitter, in quiet, pondering it. 
tejucole on what he calls Charlie Hebdo's "mask"-dropping Editorial on Muslims -Editorial: 
BrodyRunsThis It's from the February 2016 poll findings of the Pew Research Center. I'll wait for you to apologize 
Mache000 It's a February 2016 poll from the Pew Research Center 
iramfali No. I think a good though imperfect analogy is LGBTs. Perceptions radically changed with greater openness, not "meeting everyone" 
RoostVineyard Yes. It tracks how people's views of LGBTs quickly improved when they knew some rather than thinking they knew none. 
47 of Americans know no Muslims. And, of course, those with negative views of Muslims are more likely to know none. 
CNBC evidently regards this as an admirable attribute  
Look at the drooling hagiography brutal tyrants get from the US media as long as they're pro-US 
Watch this chrislhayes interview with the brilliant Michelle Alexander on race, criminal justice amp; Democrats 
ron_fournier LoveThatBoyBook Wow, that's awesome. Congrats to both of you for doing that. 
But if this stopped, a huge amount of online Dem punditry would disappear. Please think of the columnists! 
This theory got 6 likes amp; 6 re-tweets. I love the internet. Focus on the image of those 2 conspiring together.... 
amienewman You can't possibly be equating his very occasional stray vote to her advocating amp; voting to authorize THE INVASION OF IRAQ. 
lwoodhouse Yeah. He deviated on one NRA vote! That's totally the same as advocating for and voting to authorize the invasion of Iraq! 
aravosis Did you read it? He has consistently awful ratings from the NRA. You can say he deviated on isolated issues, but they hate him. 
ShaminiFlint BernieSanders Are you talking about what Clinton did in 2008? 
LOL 
"after receiving a $10 million gift from Charles Koch Foundation and another $20 million from an undisclosed donor" 
JamesGreiff SandraHelena39 
fictionfree billmon1 I assume at some point Clinton journalists will distribute a better defense than this petty semantic point 
On corporate donors amp; corruption: this was the crux of the Citizens United dissent 
Excellent Guardian profile of CenkUygur amp; his great online media behemoth TheYoungTurks 
wmreddy I didn't realize that countries only had to stop their decades-long occupation once their demands were met. 
hyphy_republic I got it here - though I do want to watch it now: it looks awesomely cheesy. 
I spoke with jacobwe on his podcast about how rules of media "objectivity" manifested in Trump coverage 
losthunderlads 
partiallypro Nobody was talking about ISIS. 
VDog2016 
somalianalyst Palestinians who attack Israeli occupying soldiers in the West Bank are routinely called "terrorists." 
BradMossEsq You're exceptionally confused. I was talking about Israel. That said, US occupied Iraq for almost a decade. 
taylorehill 
somalianalyst How about Palestinians who attack Israeli occupying troops in the West Bank? Are they "terrorists"? 
RED DAWN (1984): the film about a foreign army occupying the US amp; the heroic Americans who fought back. Terrorists? 
JamesGreiff I didn't realize occupying forces were entitled to impose demands that way. You're claiming Palestinians haven't done so? 
If a foreign army occupied US for decades using violence, would it be "terrorism" for American citizens to fight those troops on US soil? 
So: fighting Israel's occupying troops = "terrorism". Boycotting Israel = illegal anti-semitism. What's legitimate to resist/end occupation? 
billball4321 You're a complete idiot. 
The mentality that leads to Muslim and Arab families being removed from planes 
ScottJonesy MonaHol MikeMadden You're a complete idiot spewing utter lies and stupidity. Now I've responded. 
Arab-American family of 5 going on vacation - 3 young kids in tow - removed from United plane for "safety reasons" 
Rachelagain Most political debates breed ugly responses. Check columns about Muslims or LGBTs, for ex. There are ways to improve quality. 
duesouth44 What do you mean you're "not so sure"? Did you read the data? 
MikeMadden Right. I think if you cultivate a community, you'll have a community. If you ignore it, it will lose a lot of its value. 
kixes newsmary What difference does it make where the comments appear? 
When you show readers you take their comments seriously by responding, they'll put more into what they write. 
The claim that internet readers only want short content, and hate long-form writing, is a myth (via jayrosen_nyu) 
Couldn't agree more. I completely don't understand the attitude that says: "my readers have nothing of value to say" 
ShashwataC christinawilkie I didn't say she lost her temper. 
iamdanielsj Samasiam These defenses are sad to watch 
OBXBlues Sorry, my fault! But given what Clinton supporters are willing to defend, it's difficult to recognize satire! 
OBXBlues So it's corrupting for everyone else but not for Hillary? 
Regarding Clinton's claims today about fossil fuel donors 
michaelmirer He took a ton but it never became an issue because his main opponents - McCain, Romney amp; Clinton - also did. 
kathy279 christinawilkie 
OliverCarle leducviolet 
GraingerMarcos christinawilkie Especially when ctivist is asking about fossil fuel donors. Angry reaction is so inspiring. "Badass" 
copadomudo lol 
Until the 2016 primary, it was standard Democratic Party orthodoxy that big corporate donations are inherently corrupting. Still true? 
dznyc "lost her temper ... badass" 
Yedois sebastianojones ugh 
Liberals cheering attack on Greenpeace activist for crime of asking about fossil fuel donors  
sebastianojones That's the most amazing aspect of this election 
TokingDrumpf Actually, that was also Ivanka Trump's father-in-law. 
DaddyMarkisGay ViscResponse ThumperNYC SusanSarandon Also, if you think they're basically the same, the different reactions are telling. 
DaddyMarkisGay ViscResponse ThumperNYC SusanSarandon Refusing to vote for Clinton in a state like NY isn't remotely a vote for Trump. 
Not true in all cases, but in general, this seems true.... 
DaddyMarkisGay ViscResponse ThumperNYC Rendell said he might vote for Bloomberg. SusanSarandon never said he might vote for Trump. 
Atrios It's so incredibly unsurprising. They all find each other amp; even inter-marry. It's like some parody of British royal inbreeding. 
ReedAlbergotti He'd fit right in. 
Donald Trump's son-in-law inherited massive wealth from his dad, thrived from nepotism amp; is a hideous NYC landlord 
Global_Curator CoolBlue71 SusanSarandon You believe the rightness of someone's argument is determined by the number of Twitter followers? 
AMoveToTheLeft Zero question about that. They openly admit it. 
hash_said We're awesome! 
95 believe a) media uniquely hates whichever candidate they most love; b) mental pathology ("derangement") causes criticism of their leader 
Cane_Matt 1) Sarandon never said she might vote Trump; 2) Bloomberg was awful in multiple ways, including stop/frisk amp; Muslim surveillance 
JonathanDBrown PittsBern SusanSarandon It's Election Season. Outrage is the only recognized currency. 
DaddyMarkisGay ThumperNYC SusanSarandon The opposite of what you said is the truth 
CindyDPishere She never said she'd consider voting for Trump. You amp; others can lie about it a zillion more times amp; it still won't be true. 
ThumperNYC SusanSarandon He was the 2-term governor of Pennsylvania amp; a regular on MSNBC, among other things. 
He apologized, but it's telling how little outrage that caused compare to SusanSarandon's far more mild remarks 
EdAsante77 That's definitely a big part of it. Trump operates outside media/DC control amp; rules. Cruz much more subject to/reliant on them. 
The reasons the media generally prefer Cruz over Trump are dubious amp; way under discussed/analyzed. 
giworldfacts rationalexpec rsrsrs -- quer mais? 
giworldfacts Vc est mentindo sobre tudo. E  bvio. 
uri_blau Great work! 
thebeestang SusanSarandon I know. I've repeatedly pointed that out. 
tonsmorecowbell I didn't write it. This obsession w/attributing every Intercept article to me is bizarre. We have dozens of writers/editors 
CarlBeijer Bro_Pair Many Clinton-supporting pundits are now exploiting these accusations the way Israel fanatics use "anti-semitism." 
NotEvenWrongRTs I had sad, tormented people like you in mind when I tweeted this 
CarlBeijer KathaPollitt ebruenig That's the article of mine which has been most deliberately amp; obviously distorted. That's saying a lot. 
AnnTelnaes I couldn't agree more. These scandals so often involve that at their core. 
GreenJobsNY Just received the debut issue of the magazine - haven't read much yet but it looks pretty good. 
Absent bile amp; drama, JustinRaimondo argues Trump campaign could be provoking debate of key foreign policy pieties 
Sitting in judgment of others' private lives is almost always a by-product of a) boredom with one's own and/or b) shame about one's own. 
The eagerness to judge other adults' private, consensual sexual relations is bottomless amp; self-incriminating 
Sanders contineus to consistently out-perform Clinton in general election match-ups against all Republicans 
Regular mail can still deliver fun surprises when you open it 
jonathanchait AliAbunimah Issue isn't commenting on *every story. I have a long record of defending speech rights for views I hate: try it 
jonathanchait AliAbunimah FIRE Is a really good example of a group that actually believes in campus free speech 
jonathanchait AliAbunimah Did you even read the article? It's signed by "thirty-three other politicians  both Republican and Democrat." 
jonathanchait trevortimm I agree they're equally wrong. I vehemently disagree they're of equal frequency 
brooklynmike21 Any time you want to compare what you've done to defend free speech to what I have, let me know. 
jonathanchait trevortimm A huge portion of campus censorship is aimed at Israeli critics; that you're so dismissive of it is very telling. 
jonathanchait trevortimm LOL - I love how censorship of groups you like is tyranny; censorship of ones you dislike is just "a hard time." 
xmlordie Snowden Just because you ignore NSA reporting doesn't mean it isn't happening. 
edipyuksel Please email me: lenn.Greenwaldtheintercept.com 
At 54:30 of video, Snowden provides detailed explanation of the reporting framework he insisted journalists follow 
DennisBriechle The Israeli institutions are notoriously poor at this. Do you get upset when papers publish the names of Muslim terrorists? 
AliAbunimah jonathanchait He's going to be very upset by this!!! 
trevortimm Just have it automatically include "cc: JonathanChait" - he's a super-stalwart genuine free speech crusader for campuses. 
PC Campus Censorship Alert: NY State politicians trying to shut down pro-Palestinian student group at CUNY 
The nytimes now explains why it complied with Israeli censorship order regarding soldier's name: see update 
richards1052 the_intercept We've heard differently about the transliteration from different people - will note yours. 
Complying with Israeli Censorship Order, NYT Conceals Name of Soldier Who Shot Wounded Palestinian 
samanthavicent Sure did. It's amazing how her campaign amp; huge armies of the journalists unified in support all said this at the same time. 
Very privileged pro-Clinton pundits accusing anyone not behind Clinton of being blinded by privilege. Somehow pro-Clinton pundits are immune 
The U.S. is quietly helping Saudi Arabia wage a devastating aerial campaign in Yemen: great sarahleah1 Op-Ed in LAT 
BuzzFeedAndrew That needed a trigger warning. 
That takes a really broken mind amp; soul: not the kind of person a society should want practicing medicine. 
That time he won Nobel Peace Prize weeks before killing dozens of Yemenis w/cluster bombs 
Like when Open Govt groups humiliated themselves by giving him Transparency Award: in secret 
With 4 dissenting judges, EU court says UK had right not to prosecute police who killed innocent Brazilian in 2005 
Awesome news! 
PeterBeinart writes: "No, anti-Zionism Isnt anti-Semitism" - the attempt to outlaw/censor BDS is truly pernicious 
The destruction of Kissinger amp; nfergus by barrettbrownlol - from prison - is such great writing. And hilarious 
RealDavidIsrael stuartenyt SusanSarandon The members of Congress who voted to authorize him to invade Iraq have no responsibility? 
RealDavidIsrael EoinHiggins_ SusanSarandon Totally false. She said some Sanders supporters think that. And that's *not voting for Trump. 
pareene applies rationality to the Clinton-pundit effort to turn SusanSarandon into today's Emmanuel Goldstein 
stephenbottomly That's pathetic, stupid amp; false. She lives in NY 
EricBoehlert What? He heralded investigative journalism while prosecuting the sources needed for it more vindictively than any President. 
BethSalahuddin mathewi Yes. Did you actually convince yourself your tweet was meaningful amp; interesting before you posted it? 
stuartenyt RealDavidIsrael SusanSarandon Blaming Ralph Nader, who opposed the war, rather than Hillary, who supported it, is insane 
RealDavidIsrael SusanSarandon No. She said some Sanders supporters think that. And regardless: she never suggested she'd vote for Trump. 
The media spent all day claiming SusanSarandon said she might vote for Trump. A total fabrication, but whatever... 
mtracey Oh, no question. If anything, the paper's coverage makes their omission in raising it in candidate interviews more unjustifiable. 
mtracey The NYT actually has been decent about its coverage. 
Obama spoke some righteous words on journalism yesterday. Read mathewi on his actual record 
The US amp; UK have played a central, direct role in this ongoing civilian slaughter - almost completely ignored... 
"Moro pede desculpas ao Supremo por divulgao de udios de Lula e nega motivao poltica" 
On that, watch JakeTapper on why Obama is in no position to evangelize about a free press 
KyleKulinski lol. Do you think he's ever been called that before? What he said is like my favorite thing ever: so unexpected. 
Funny: they found the Camus quote Chomsky cited. It's very French... 
peterwtrue I also wasn't for the hideous Isareli attack on Gazans that killed numerous innocent women amp; children 
peterwtrue No, I wasn't. Nor was I for the right of Israel to discriminate against US Muslims 
Once the media narrative train leaves the station, it stops for no facts 
To use their tactics: the non-Muslim privilege of pro-Clinton pundits lets them ignore those distinctions amp; issues 
darosenthal CarlBeijer Are you suggesting Americans outside the US shouldn't comment on their govt? Should they have to keep paying taxes? 
Fun game: michaeltomasky doesn't care about Hillary's embrace of Netanyahu because he's not Gazan, so who cares? 
Dem pundits love to accuse others of indiffference in their political priorities but rarely apply that to themselves 
Is it similar to how US Dems don't care about Hillary's militarism because her drones amp; bombs won't kill their kids? 
Even w/the ample time prison provides, BarrettBrownLOL didn't want to finish NFergus' dreary Kissinger hagiography 
Ironically, Sanders was an early, prominent member of that original coalition 
Add George W. Bush's former NSA amp; CIA Chief - a true pro-torture extremist - to the "Clinton over Trump" club 
MichaelSocolow wjosephcampbell That may be (though I think Murrow was early), but it's still them expressing subjective/opinionated views. 
MichaelSocolow wjosephcampbell Why are those "myths"? 
Eric Alterman hates BDS amp; is a Israel supporter. But even he sees Israel-protecting campus censorship as dangeorus 
Vinncent WyreDavies Right - I think they're counting on impeachment being so cathartic that it becomes the end of the process. Then: pizza 
WyreDavies viaSimonRomero Yes. What makes it complicated is different factions have different motives amp; some are noble amp; some are not. 
willcarless Right, but Moro no longer has the case. 
WyreDavies viaSimonRomero I largely agree. I was impressed by Moro until detention of Lula amp; especially release of audio tapes. 
DougHenwood Look forward to that. 
This is how you know that - for most powerful factions - the effort to impeach Dilma isn't really about corruption 
mactonex No, there are a few good agents. Those are two of them. Especially Scully. She's beyond reproach. 
The FBI lies constantly, just by the way. And it always has. 
I wonder if this will cause future widespread media doubt about reliability of FBI's evidence-free claims (I know) 
This didn't really hold up very well 
JRickHoffman - 
I wonder if FBI, DOJ amp; NSA appreciate that Snowden is able to freely comment on their deceitful claims amp; behavior: in speeches amp; on Twitter? 
TechDetectiv3 The Intercept doesn't sell advertisements and never has. So seriously: how stupid do you feel for saying that? 
jcurcurio When "respectfully" is followed by "that's bullshit," one may reasonably question how sincere the expressed "respect" was. 
Here's Snowden weeks ago on the FBI's now-disproven claim that it needs Apple for access 
lstwhl word_in_edgewis No, liar: I said exactly the opposite 
To be clear: I don't think ugly tweets from random supporters matter. But: live by slimy tactics, die by slimy tactics. 
Washington, encapsulated 
He shot a wounded Palestinian in the head, who was laying on the ground, totally incapacitated 
An argument from a Clinton supporter 
This is precisely why governments love to put their citizenries under surveillance.... 
nhdogmom If you're referring to Sanders, he's won 15 states amp; millions of small donors (though no Wall Street $$$$$). 
What caused Trump? Whatever I've been railing against for years. What didn't cause Trump? Whatever I'm partially responsible for.  
One of those rare must-read articles for understanding Trump's appeal..... 
dellcam IanSams Was it deleted? Did you get a screen grab? 
cheiodeperna alexcuadros How much did PSDB amp; PMDB politicians get from Petrobras? 
We'll let you debate her . . . if you promise to stop criticizing her. 
goldietaylor The article amp; data were great, but the Queenie story was particularly moving. So many like it, of course. 
Corruption is a huge, genuine problem in Brazil; so is behavior of the nation's plutocratic media organs 
Bizikletari Yeah - I tried to say that and couldn't make it fit. 
Almost as if "corruption" is the pretext for getting rid of Dilma, not the actual concern. 
Every generation has policies that future generations regard as so shameful amp; evil that it's impossible to comprehend. Ours is War on Drugs. 
Yep: the War on Drugs was born from racist amp; tyrannical motives amp; never changed. Time to end it, says goldietaylor 
Maynard1Rick You disagree with what? I didn't write that article, and didn't say I agree with it. 
YMidtownL JillAbramson Snowden 
Good, clear, informative, dispassionate breakdown of the Hillary email/server matter 
He's a writer for which hilariously bills itself as "anti-extremist" amp; "pro-freedom" 
sunny_hundal That's exactly why it would be shocking to learn he checked first: because truth is the last thing TarekFatah cares about. 
sunny_hundal TarekFatah It would be much more surprising if he had checked first. 
drgurner Precisely. 
I really wish editors were this candid about their real views when running major papers, not just after they leave 
edroso Mikayapress nickconfessore It acknowledges racism, but economic distress often fuels nativism, resentments amp; authoritarianism 
eliasisquith nickconfessore Definitely. And fallout from 2008 crisis was like a massive spotlight being shined on the roaches. 
eliasisquith nickconfessore Right. I think it's more that it took them awhile to wake up to how they were being scammed. 
Brazil succeeds in rejection of settlement leader Dani Dayan as Amb (kudos dilmabr!) so Netanyahu sends him to US 
ANimer It's here 
Great nickconfessore article on the economic amp; cultural roots of Trump's appeal amp; role of DC elites amp; donor class 
TarekFatah As usual, you're lying. The re-tweet right before it was also about Lahore. And silence is way better than the trash you tweeted 
lauferlaw pizzaItal What was the IDF soldier doing there? What are the valid ways for people to resist decades-long military occupation? 
lauferlaw pizzaItal I'll ask you again: who did he stab? 
Atheist_Iran As usual, you're lying. The re-tweet right before it was also about Lahore. Your obsession w/me is creepy enough w/o lying 
elreystadesnudo RadioJammor LyleBoggs BambiOnToast I linked to Haaretz article describing it. Do you understand how Twitter works? 
lauferlaw pizzaItal Sounds like you are justifying it. Who did he stab? 
elreystadesnudo There's never a justification for putting a bullet in the head of someone lying wounded amp; incapacitated on the ground. 
elreystadesnudo Why are there Israeli soldiers "in the West Bank city of Hebron"? You favor murdering wounded people on the ground? 
elreystadesnudo Where was this attack? Who was attack? What was the Palestinian doing when he was killed? 
Here's how the Israeli public views the videotaped incident of a solider fatally shooting a wounded Palestinian 
Israeli soldier who shot amp; killed wounded Palestinian is seen in video shaking hands with far-right settler activist 
mobiledean2000 reilly19_reilly democracynow What's the anti west narrative specifically? 
reilly19_reilly democracynow Why are those their priority targets? 
reilly19_reilly democracynow How come they're not attacking South America or South Korea or Japan? 
reilly19_reilly democracynow ISIS 
urvashivaid laurie_wagner Thanks! I've been an admirer of your activism since I was in college. I just mostly dislike Hillary's militarism 
Minha entrevista com DemocracyNow sobre o crise na Brasil - com legendas em portugus 
aravosis RobertMackey See here - can Palestinians fight Israeli occupying army without being "terrorists"? 
Mass protest in Yemen on one-year anniversary of Saudi-led, US/UK-backed, civilian-devastating attacks 
Yes, but it's also illuminating 
caulkthewagon mcurryfelidae07 MonaHol HeatherGies Thanks! I thought Chomsky's comment, amp; the reaction, were *hilarious. Noam is awesome. 
GlobalRevLive charliearchy Augiedamous Me: this is an effective campaign ad. You: SHE'S EVIL! You need me to show you the non sequitur? 
Hindoongie CathyYoung63 You have no idea what you're talking about 
HeerJeet jaketapper Trump will present himself as more non-interventionist on Iraq, Libya amp; Syria. 
gekkeijyu HeerJeet It's a quote from jaketapper, idiot. 
Lis_Smith nycsouthpaw AJDelgado13 Granted, he's no Marty OMalley, but still, he's accomplished a fair amount intellectually. 
Lis_Smith nycsouthpaw AJDelgado13 He revolutionized linguistics, opposed Vietnam war in early 60s amp; influenced millions. No big deal. 
Matthew_Chong89 jaketapper Do you know what "many" means? 
_AJBasso _erock rosariodawson FYI: It was tomwatson who posted that awful tweet (he RT'd another Clinton supporter), not Peter. 
monaeltahawy Right. Esp. amazing given how everyone feigned anger over Obama's visit to Castro: how dare you deal w/a human rights abuser! 
This TulsiGabbard ad for Sanders is pretty powerful: should be used outside Hawaii 
monaeltahawy Have you seen this NYT Editorial on US support for Sisi? Wonder what you thought... 
WattsonTom LOL - I almost thought that was the real account: that one's almost impossible to satarize. 
CNN analyst: Hillary Clinton is much more hawkish than Sanders. And most Democrats. jaketapper: "More hawkish than many Republicans, too." 
jason_pontin Totally agree. I always thought - and still do - that her nomination is very likely. But in 2016, who knows. 
jason_pontin I'll go ahead and let people vote before announcing a winner. The record of the punditocracy this year has been hideous. 
bmaz CNN So ridiculous and indefensible: knowingly so. 
CNN: Sanders wins Washington: his 14th state victory overall and 4th out of the last 5. 
naiabrum RedeGlobo Estadao 
Clinton is a strange, "inevitably victorious front-runner": with Hawaii, she'll have lost the last 5 out of 6 states -- by big margins. 
MonaHol mcurryfelidae07 HeatherGies Judging by the Facebook comments, the tie is more polarizing that Chomsky amp; me combined. 
Kittfornow HeatherGies Everyone's a critic. 
mcurryfelidae07 HeatherGies So you're  on this one? 
ergVT That's true. Vermonters understand Bernie's political appeal better than anyone. 
BriannaPhilly That makes no sense whatsoever, but I hope it felt good to type it. 
DougHenwood Clinton supporters: we're going to spend months demeaning amp; denigrating you amp; then demand you support our candidate. 
13th state won by Sanders. Absolutely nobody thought any Dem - let alone Sanders - could win so many against Clinton 
FernandoRJ It's not really surprising that people who have always opposed PT want them removed from office without an election. 
aleattorium luimagalhaes 
FernandoRJ RedeGlobo Did you ever vote for PT? 
Anti-impeachment protest in So Paulo, Brazil ends in front of RedeGlobo building: hard to overstate their role 
As well as one of the United States' amp; UK's closest allies and partners 
fabianesecches Acho que 1) muitas pessoas tem raiva vlido, **E TAMBEN** 2) faces poderosas (Globo etc) esto explorando isso contra PT. 
fabianesecches Na uma democracia, impeachment  muito srio amp; extremo.  vlido s com evidncia forte/claro mostrando crimes graves. 
fabianesecches jaqueswagner O ultimo vez: eu no disse que impeachment  um "golpe": s invlido e antidemocrtico 
fabianesecches jaqueswagner Eu no disse "golpe" mas abusando o poder do impeachment  contra democracia 
fabianesecches jaqueswagner At TheEconomist, que odeia PT, falou que no tem base vlido nenhum pra impeachment 
tparsi rezaaslan mdubowitz They bomb with love in their hearts. They use special bombs filled with freedom and democracy. 
WATCH: mehdirhasan asks Saudi Amb slew of awkward questions about regime's despotism, beheadings, bombings, etc 
Yemen 
samueloakford altoflacoblanco BenJohnAnderson Looks good, will definitely do that. Thanks. 
yvonneridley I wasn't aware of that history - just know it from the days when it was doing its shtick about loving war for liberalism. 
uberfeminist It's really sad to encounter people w/no reading comprehension. They have helpful classes for this now 
GlennThrush JaneMayerNYer Looking forward to hearing all the nice things he said! The General is a fan 
A writer at which - in the best UK tradition - nobly fights to impose freedom on the world 
The discussion I had with Snowden amp; Noam Chomsky tonight at Univ of Arizona, moderated by privacymama, is here: 
CMac474 You should try reading articles before making what you think are clever (but actually are banal) comments about them. 
Highlighting Western Victims While Ignoring Victims of Western Violence 
michaelphirsh Many found your lede repugnant - amp; your trite description of Molenbeek also: 
jamescdownie nycsouthpaw It's not just the description of Dearborn but also Mollenbeek that is gross. That caveat doesn't improve that. 
Yes, very worth reading as an antidote 
POLITICO amp; michaelphirsh demonstrate that Trump/Cruz anti-Muslim bigotry is mainstream 
Vintage POLITICO 
daily_frame KatrinaPierson 19 years ago, when she was 20 years old. After growing up in poverty. You're going to use that against her? 
Just in terms of skills, KatrinaPierson is a shrewd amp; effective campaign spokesperson. TV hosts haven't figured out how to deal with her. 
motarola123 Thanks. 
motarola123 Also, "when youre exposing their lives" = "exposing their lies" 
motarola123 Thanks for transcribing that: 2 small typos: "fields and disciplines" = "fields of discipline" - and "snub" = "snuff" 
joepabike That's the greatest thing ever. 
A dog casually interrupts a soccer game in Brazil - all-around awesomeness ensues 
ebruenig ryanlcooper A major GOP theme in GE will be Clintons use sexism allegations for gain, ignore it in their own ranks (eg 1990s). 
Yes, and this ugliness will be ignored amp; even justified because it comes from vocal Clinton supporters. So gross. 
ryanlcooper The pundits who often denounce such blatant sexism are notably quiet even though those who spewed it have an actual platform. 
Our great criminal justice reporters- LilianaSegura amp; chronic_jordan -on the sham forensic science used to convict 
Ugly: rosariodawson writes a pro-Sanders article amp;  announce she can't possibly have written it herself 
Please: no "Ted Cruz sex scandal" - or someone needs to develop an app to delete all traces of it from one's computer screen 
adamjohnsonNYC Here's what Lt. Gen. Flynn told the_intercept in October 
Scathing evgenymorozov essay on the vapid, clich-driven, power-serving, State Dept banality called AlecJRoss 
Moderated by Nuala OConnor, 1st Department of Homeland Security Chief Privacy Officer 
The darkest comedy - watch this 
nycsouthpaw Everyone speaks reverently of "the jury system" until they hear from them after a trial. 
Incredibly telling, isn't it? 
danielcuralov cynaramenezes Muito engraado!! 
Ahh, aqui? - falando sobre mim, na minha ausncia: Couragem do Globo 
RooseveltDiz gugachacra Onde ele fez isso?  
Fox is fun 
sav01 I'm sorry you're unaware - or supportive - of all the ways US campuses have punished criticisms of Israel 
Also, the nation's largest college system moves closer to formally banning criticism of, amp; activism against, Israel 
1eyewitness Any time you want to compare what I've done to defend free speech to what you've done, let me know. I'll be here. 
Emory students angry that administration hasn't done more to find amp; punish whoever wrote "Trump 2016" in chalk 
OjanMusic We're doing this tomorrow 
Even TheEconomist, which despises Dilma amp; wants her to resign, says no impeachment basis 
w40nsk1 Tenta entender isso 
fmaarinho Obrigado - pode ler nosso texto - o escuta a entrevista 
w40nsk1 You haven't heard a word we've written or said if you think that. Proclaiming your own views "complex" isn't an argument. 
UniverSolino Exatamente!!!!! 
WhoaBear44 democracynow You're lying. I've always said the opposite 
Congressional leader of Dilma's impeachment: evangelical zealot w/millions of dollars in secret Swiss bank accounts 
Video amp; transcript of my DemocracyNow interview today about Brazil about Brussels amp; 2016 
millylacombe Obrigado, mas o Lula disse esse frase, no eu! 
"Erik Prince" now trending because of great investigative piece on his troubles by matthewacole amp; jeremyscahill 
The Big Lie About the Libyan War, by MicahZenko 
honkshu democracynow cartacapital The Globo narrative must be obeyed. Brazil's oligarch families want the best for you. 
TravisBickle60 the_intercept I didn't write that article, moron. 
WhoaBear44 democracynow No. And nobody said that 
mdpopescu I didn't write the article. alicesperi did. 
"Since 2014, Prince has traveled to...half a dozen countries to offer various versions of a private military force" 
ChairmanAlex Well, "Chairman Alex," I'm definitely discussing *your* complicity in the Brussels deaths and all sorts of suffering in Ohio. 
I'll be on DemocracyNow this morning at 8:10 am talking Brazil, Brussels, and related matters. 
Debut from alicesperi: Georgias "felony driving law" targets blacks, Latinos, undocumented immigrants 
Exclusive: Blackwater founder Erik Prince faces multi-agency federal investigation - by matthewacole jeremyscahill 
fmaarinho No estou defendendo o PT. Nosso texto disse muito claro que o PT tem corrupo grande. 
fmaarinho Acho que o Globo esta fazendo no  jornalismo.  propaganda. E no  honesto. 
alecmiran One of his guests. 
Globo / jornalnacional - incrvel - no fingindo mais 
DennisThePerrin I mean with your book. 
Globo 
DennisThePerrin The audio of that clip would have been so awesome to include as a cassette. 
Democrats bomb with love and progressivism and freedom-spreading in their heart. And always reluctantly, w/struggle! 
epmurph I would like to respond rationally but I'm still traumatized and recovering from what I heard. Sorry. 
LOL. Just heard on MSNBC that Hillary is the "Woman of Peace." But "she knows when it's time for war, you go to war!"  
OliverWestLFC When has it been "vital"? 
hvelarde dilmabr She clearly wasn't using it. 
Encryption Works 
Brussels is 4th straight attack involving brothers amp; people from same community: in-person planning makes encryption/surveillance irrelevant 
E eles esto ignorando que 2 jornalistas que tb fizeram o reportagem davidmirandario e Cecillia) so brasileiros 
rafa_2205 No. My responsibility to my source was to ensure as many people as possible heard about those revelations. 
rafa_2205 I didn't "work there". I did a few stories with them and the journalists I worked with were excellent. 
Hard to explain to Americans how shockingly *united* amp; central Globo is to Brazil's protests amp; impeachment pressures 
Secular community center in Tel Aviv cancels Purim event after religious sponsors complain it includes women reading 
Or the countless, civilian-slaughtering, US/UK-supported Saudi strikes on Yemen 
dauphin__ I truly appreciate your obsession with me but I didn't write that article. Also, you have no idea what I do amp; don't care about. 
walruswhisperer Please email me: email address in Twitter bio 
samhusseini 
Fuller article on ISIS's statement about the Brussels attack 
Jmiles1749 barryeisler You think it's clever but your point is an ignorant, confused clich 
MacDaddyBoots samhusseini Because it stated a motive inconsistent with TV narrative 
People who do that - by definition - cannot be considered TV "terrorism experts" 
It is indeed  - great day to do yourself a huge favor amp; adopt a dog from a shelter. 
Very few. And cable news ignored its content almost entirely. There was this 
The fun of being a Muslim after a terror attack carried out in the west 
MonaHol Foolish_Owl He's from Fox News. 
As is usually the case, more dogs would make things better 
The world's biggest bullshit media title is "terrorism expert." 
"Q. What should we do to stop attacks? A. Better intelligence" = "Q. What would you do about the deficit? A. Stop waste, fraud amp; abuse." 
I'll be in Rancho Mirage, CA tonight, 7 pm, talking about terrorism, surveillance, privacy, etc 
Foolish_Owl Right, because people have a First Amendment right not to be physically removed when reporting on events in public spaces. 
CNN asking every guest to interpret the photo of 3 men in airport, and each responds like a kindergarten student taking a Rorschach test. 
New Film Shows Real-Time, Inside Account of the University of Missouri Student Protests 
MarcieBianco She's right??? What is the US Govt going to do to "take them on on the internet"? 
Muito interessante: "A semente dos escndalos: O que diferencia o caso Banestado da Operao Lava Jato?" 
AnupKaphle Swamp them with DMCA takedown notices! 
Stupid and opportunistic 
"We have to take them on on the Internet" - Hillary Clinton, just now on CNN, on what to do about ISIS. 
ISIS statement on the Brussels attack 
Bizarre to watch people in a country closely allied with Saudis, Bahrainis, etc. feign offense at visiting an undemocratic country  
willcarless Yeah - if you only see it periodically, it actually shocks amp; hurts to watch because you have no immunity built up to it. 
willcarless I only watch it when I'm traveling, but it shapes how a lot of people think amp; react and so can't really be ignored. 
louwhiteman Yep 
We're at the stage of the terror cycle when CNN parades endless series of "experts" offering banal, baseless speculation about what happened 
shwinnebego Yes, she's more hawkish and militaristic and less willing to criticize Israel. 
AdamSerwer Not just Apprentice, but also Celebrity Apprentice, and I think it's unfair of you to omit that  
He means American neighborhoods. Again, there is almost no sense in which Cruz is better than Trump: 
Trump amp; Clinton are most unpopular front-runners since CBS/NYT began asking question in 1984 
marcambinder chrislhayes alexcuadros Good choice of guest! Very knowledgeable. 
The "debate" over Israel between Trump amp; Clinton is going to be really exciting! They'll be dressing in the Israeli flag. 
That was a good response to those who think Trump can't moderate amp; transform for the General Election: total pandering amp; shape-shifting 
JustinRaimondo Fair enough. You have some more critical ones now. I hope you'll agree this speech is disgusting. 
Will the brave, truth-telling Trump forget to mention this during his AIPAC speech? 
Hear that noise? It's liberals walking around confused, trying to figure out how to attack Trump's AIPAC speech that sounds like Hillary's. 
JustinRaimondo Wow - you're now defending Trump's slavish AIPAC speech? Have you given up *all your critical faculties for this leader? 
TrumpWestCoast Feel free to look at my tweets from earlier today on Clinton's AIPAC speech. 
mtracey Let's see. You think there's a paean to neutrality amp; even-handedness coming? 
Trump to AIPAC: I didn't come here to pander to you on Israel. Now please listen to my scripted pro-Israel talking points. 
Trump's truth-telling, stream-of-consciousness, anti-PC spontaneity ends at AIPAC's doorstep: clinging to script 
billmon1 michelleinbklyn She didn't even try to throw any symbolic crumbs to the other side. 
DanielWickham93 
Clinton supporter michelleinbklyn slams Clinton's AIPAC speech as "Craven, Delusional Pandering": - mask-dropping 
eelcobvr Too complicated for Twitter, but mostly just saying: you don't have to love all of it to see how much better than what she did 
"ending ... the occupation of Palestinian territory" - "ending the economic blockade of Gaza" - "Today, Gaza is still largely in ruins" 
Sanders speech on Israel amp; Palestine, far from perfect, but stark contrast w/Netanyahu talking points Clinton spewed 
HotlineJosh Why would one follow from the other? 
michaelgbluth MazMHussain They've been in a cage thousands of miles from home for more than a decade - all with no trial or charges 
ThePlumLineGS I agree that it wasn't complimentary. 
Has even one single Clinton supporter denounced the disgusting speech she gave today? 
JustinRaimondo No, he hasn't. He said he prefers Sanders. He said what he's said for decades: vote Dem nominee if you're in a swing state 
I'll be in Rancho Mirage tomorrow, speaking on current surveillance amp; privacy controversies, other issues - 7 pm 
Again, there's a reason why so many of the worst neocons have proclaimed that they'll vote for Clinton over Trump. 
Right - and all the women in Gaza amp; West Bank living under brutal occupation for decades by an apartheid regime... 
naomi_dann NaomiAKlein She knows (a) won't lose any progressive support for it amp; (b) increases support among key Jewish voters amp; donors 
She's been implicitly bashing Obama for months for the crime of being too critical of - not loyal enough to - Israel 
naomi_dann NaomiAKlein She's literally running on a vow to be much closer to Netanyahu 
Simply disgusting 
For being insufficiently loyal to amp; supportive of Israel, for the crime of "neutrality" on Israel/Palestine 
Can't say it enough: the ability/willingness of progressives to simply ignore all this is breathtaking 
PrisciIlIa 1) Moro na Brasil h 11 aos; 2) davidmirandario amp; Cecillia, que tambm escreverem o artigo, sa brasileiros; 3) No. 
TheWillPalmer OmanReagan I can help (here to serve!) 
This 2013 LA Times article by Vinncent shows plutocrat-owned Brazilian media have long hated Dilma 
SchreckReports I agree. That Vinncent is a smart boy. I think many views of judiciary changed over last 2 weeks. 
Awesome that, instead of sitting in a US cage for decades, he freely participates in the global debate he triggered 
SimplyObjective It was meant ironically 
privacymama accessnow Snowden Looking forward to this, and to meeting you! 
leahmcelrath Every day 
Nobody warned me that Bernie Bros have migrated to Brazil 
hankgreen alexcuadros You flirted with it! Sprinkled just enough subtext for those of us looking for it to find it! Like a Scavenger Hunt. 
danielmgalhaes That's great to hear. Thanks so much: really appreciate it. 
farhip It's hard to tons of nuance in a tweet, but I was commenting on reasons dominant media narrative is often wrong about average voter. 
brianstelter farhip Right. I wasn't talking about local reporters working for small papers or websites. Trump, by itself, shows the point. 
farhip The most prominent ones with the biggest TV amp; column platforms make millions. And still a cultural divide w/DC amp; NYC-based journos. 
mattyglesias Atrios I was about to say exactly the same thing. Recognizing amp; admitting that gap is vital. 
Donald44mohmed katiecouric She was the anchor of CBS News, is now anchor of Yahoo, amp; has done good reporting. She's a journalist. 
Only the Bad Countries make aggressive moves. The US just defends itself and helps others. 
Atrios Totally agree. That's why he has actual insights into the conservatives he writes about. There are a few others who do. 
mtracey I'm sure he used the Tom Friedman method: talked to his driver, wrote it down, amp; praised himself for being such a great listener. 
tbrownWyo Not the most prominent ones, the ones with the biggest platforms, the ones who work at TV. 
Atrios Right. If journalists would acknowledge this gap, there are things that could be done to partially rectify it. 
Atrios You mean: they talked about it all the time but didn't even do what Broder did amp; treated his visits like something extraordinary? 
ToddTGardner I wouldn't assume that - - but the point is still the same either way. 
Atrios Yeah, fair point. But I think it'd be better to acknowledge the cultural gap. 
Atrios Julia_Moore Believe me, I know. I meant the ones who are employees of the networks amp; cable outlets. 
Atrios He needs those field trips to an Iowa diner that David Broder would take amp; treat like a visit to a petting zoo. 
susanicox I don't mean to single her out at all. It's more the general dynamic I'm highlighting. 
Julia_Moore Most network amp; cable news on-air personalities - especially hosts - make many millions of dollars a year. 
Funniest part of this David Brooks quote is his career shtick of speaking for Regular People 
How come journalists don't seem very in touch with the political impulses amp; circumstances of ordinary Americans?? 
eldiabloen hankgreen alexcuadros Right - there's a note at the top that says that 
This 10-min HankGreen video explains Brazil political crisis - amp; key role of class - very well (h/t alexcuadros) 
Ted Cruz's advisor 
What kind of monster wants to build a tall border wall to keep out minorities? 
sousapauloh - - - 
Claim of GOP elites that they are offended by Trump's anti-Muslim bigotry has no credibility once they embrace Cruz 
mordomoeugenio Obrigado.  seu Twitter biografia  engraado 
Triste! 
PresumptuousBug WHarkavy I think we have the funding or will. I'll write something on it soon 
AlaaBasatneh Is that a joke? They're nothing remotely "proAssad" about tweeting the transcript of a State Dept briefing. 
joshuahersh APDiploWriter I was just about to say: someone should make a reality show as he tortures State Dept spokespeople. 
APDiploWriter LinaArabii LOL. I knew it. Haven't stopped laughing at that yet. 
This video clip is hilarious. Is it APDiploWriter doing the chortling? It has to be. 
TheEndisFar D_Raval How is that question begged? Of course that US is. What does that have to do with Brazil? 
When US Govt says "the international community," they mean- amp; have always meant - "the countries that agree with us" 
armandodkos Criminal investigation of Lula, so he issued a warrant to tap phone: but release was dubious amp; obtained after warrant expired 
Giuliani is now openly (as opposed to covertly) pro-Trump: 
lourdesgnavarro viaSimonRomero There are a lot of forces pushing for impeachment. Not possible to isolate just one cause/motive. 
WHarkavy Yeah: we want it to be a model, a pilot program, to be used everywhere. There are some people doing it, informally, on small scale 
WHarkavy What are you referring to? We're building a shelter here to be run by animal-loving homeless people, as a paying job. 
digiphile Brian's article is really great. 
Moving NYT story showing profound relationship b/w homeless amp; dogs - our article/film here: 
gpbfinance falameufilho snolen Agreed: the article was, in part, designed to report to a non-Brazilian audience. 
jason_pontin charlie_savage The political maneuvering is a separate issue from understanding the judicial ideology of the nominee. 
falameufilho gpbfinance snolen These label debates are so boring amp; empty amp; totally dependent on where you personally fall on spectrum. 
gpbfinance snolen falameufilho That's a joke. And these are relative terms. People to the left of PT don't see it as a left-wing party. 
falameufilho gpbfinance snolen We called it "center-right." You're denying that they're to the right of PT? 
gpbfinance snolen falameufilho "right" and "left" are relative terms. Many argue PT isn't really "left." Platonic definitions don't exist 
Important 
raxleonardo Claro pode. 
RogerioPBorges Muito obrigado. 
trabalhosujo J fizemos 
RogerioPBorges Entendi. 
Keka_CNC Argumento muito bom - impressionante 
MiguelNicolelis You are 100 lying. You did not read the article. Go away. 
MiguelNicolelis You are stupid! The article talks about Globo's role. Why are you lying about having read it? 
MiguelNicolelis the_intercept No pode entender esse? 
MiguelNicolelis the_intercept YOU DID NOT READ IT. You think the point of the article is the opposite of what it is. You're very confused. 
RogerioPBorges Todos nos moramos aqui na Brasil. Mas obrigado! 
MiguelNicolelis the_intercept You obviously didn't read the article. You should try reading articles before commenting on them. 
O Brasil est sendo Engolido pela Corrupo  e por uma Perigosa Subverso da Democracia 
mariana_lm davidmirandario AndrewDFish Tb Cecillia, que trabahlava com esse artigo,  brasileira. 
mariana_lm 1) Eu moro na Brasil h 11 aos; 2) davidmirandario, que tb fez o reportagem,  brasileiro; 3) AndrewDFish mora na Rio h aos 
matthewmspace It depends how you define that, but Dilma's impeachment seems at least reasonably likely amp; many regard that as a coup. 
The protests today in Brazil are not so much pro-PT/Dilma as they are pro-democracy amp; anti-coup 
lucasalvinegro_ Vamos ter muito logo - 30 minutos. 
O__Oyg Ugh. It took much longer than it should have, but I think we'll have it in 30 minutes. 
RaniaKhalek 
leederc HeerJeet I just tweeted a link to a Haaretz article. I haven't written about it or done any reporting on it. 
HolzmanK thehill The Audacity of Hopelessness 
Basically, if your reporting is critical of Israel, you're not allowed in. 
kept_simple I, personally, would go so far as to re-define "Unseriousness" to mean: anyone who does not pay proper respects to AIPAC. 
HolzmanK thehill Take pride in Super PAC and Wall St. support! Wave that flag high! 
schmittpaula No, we didn't remotely suggest he favors it. You made that up. We simply said he's on the Commission. 
We all work at our own pace 
Hmmmmm 
JoaoLeeMusic Yes, you're an authority on journalism. You have a long history of playing records - I mean, breaking big stories. 
JoaoLeeMusic You hate PT amp; Lula. That's nice. I don't want the "respect" of people who only respect opinions they agree with. 
Will derogatory dog references be what finally dooms Trump? 
Adi504 mariaclaraps AndrewDFish Ta chegando logo 
peterrwlngs yes. Thanks 
jeffryhouse viaSimonRomero Yeah. That's not remotely the point 
cynaramenezes Obrigado! Eu sou seu tambm 
mariana_godoy Vamos publicar um verso em portugus muito logo 
SauloLondono PLKDC That's not a substantive critique. One of us is Brazilian. 2 of us live in Brazil for yrs. Feel free to identify errors 
D_Aldridge the_intercept Coming 
SauloLondono PLKDC Try reading. We said explicitly that she's widely unpopular 
paulobullar Obrigado 
PLKDC We didn't do that at all. We said there are millions marching, and much of the country is genuinely angry at Dilma/PT. 
arthurmota14 the_intercept AndrewDFish Read first: "There is no question that PT is rife with corruption." 
O traduo deste artigo (em portugus) vai ser publicado logo 
Brazil is Engulfed by Ruling Class Corruption  and a Dangerous Subversion of Democracy 
psael MonaHol veramagalhaes mvitorodrigues MSavarese One can criticize PT's enemies, Judge Moro AND Dilma/Lula/PT 
psael MonaHol veramagalhaes mvitorodrigues MSavarese You're simply fabricating when you say I'm defending them amp; not shocked. 
psael veramagalhaes mvitorodrigues MSavarese Snowden Your claim is totally false. Try to process this: 
Isso 
Daniel_IV_ alexcuadros jhcordeiro Obrigado 
alexcuadros That's precisely my point. 
alexcuadros I was JUST THIS SECOND writing about Moro when I saw this. 
alexcuadros Where's that from? 
tonylukasavage Oh, because Father Sam and followers have repeatedly accused cenkuygur of being a chronic liar amp; bad faith critic. 
tonylukasavage SamHarrisOrg Who are the honest, reliable, trustworthy critics of Father Sam? 
lourdesgnavarro viaSimonRomero BrunaLab No, I totally agree w/you that it's a possibility. I'm just saying it's a horrifying one. 
lourdesgnavarro viaSimonRomero BrunaLab That's scary even as speculation. 
Murder of heroic Honduran activist Berta Cceres leads to questions about U.S. involvement 
The dangerous extremism of Ted Cruz has received too little attention. He's a True Believer: an unhinged crusader 
jaspar Victorfer87 Check my time-line over last couple days - linked to several great articles. I'm also writing today about it. 
Noam Chomsky on SamHarrisOrg - short and sweet 
New poll shows Corbyn-led Labour in the lead - following last week's poll showing them tied  
AndrewKirell Right. Trump cited Gaffney when defending his ban-Muslims policy. But then McCarthy, Abrams, etc. are outright war-mongers 
1) It was a joke for GOP to pretend to be offended by Trump's ban-Muslim policy; 2) Trump is not worse than Cruz. 
The only thing the Brazil crisis was missing was a Gisele Bndchen connection, and that's now taken care of 
neeratanden Come on, you explicitly said things like this numerous times 
breendaismael No 
nucholab Maybe you can find an adult to explain this to you 
Victorfer87 Because what the judge did was also corrupt. Rational adults can focus on more than one injustice at once. 
FernandoRJ Cecillia That's a disgusting analogy. 
Brazilian man brags on social media that he forced his maid to promise she doesn't support Dilma/PT to keep her job 
Amazing/disturbing how the bulk of large/corporate Brazilian media is openly inciting street protests and cheering for impeachment. 
Kirkdify Right, though in this case it's about trying to unseat a party that has been elected 4 straight times amp; which the rich can't beat 
You can't understand the chaos over the corruption scandal in Brazil without putting it in context: a political struggle for power. 
Judge undoing Lula's appointment "had posted numerous Facebook photos of himself attending anti-government protests" 
Criminal justice bro LilianaSegura on why Hillary Clinton's pro-death penalty position is "indefensible" 
O WikiLeaks explica a diferena obvia entre os vazamentos deles e um vazamento de um **juiz** 
Mat_Alencastro Exactly. And that's dangerous. Judges shouldn't exploit judicial power for political ends. 
Agora  uma guerra pra poder. No tem regras pra as pessoas tentando vencer. 
lucianot I think Lula's motive are the qualified immunity benefits. I think Dilma's are, at least in part, the political benefits. 
danielduende jhcordeiro veramagalhaes ninalemos Tudo sobre Lavo Jato  poltico. J pedi desculpe mas nao tentei usar pra desqualificar. 
lucianot How do you know her motive for appointing him? Even PT critics say she'll get big political benefits from having him there. 
lucasdevitta Concordo. 
Exatamente: criticando o abuso do poder do o juiz no significa defendendo outra corrupo. Eles so separados. 
lucianot Criticizing judicial abuse of power isn't "defending Dilma." Can you really not separate those? 
personaraujo veramagalhaes Moro na Rio h 11 aos. Pago impostos pra o governo brasileiro. Tehno direito pra comentar e fazer reportagem. 
ninalemos Obrigado! O paixo na Brasil hoje  alto e intenso! 
veramagalhaes Mas alm disso, tudo que vc falou  errado, incluindo sobre como divulgei grampos. 
veramagalhaes Desculpe que falo. No pretendi pra usar isso pra te insultar mas s pq nao sabia sobre esse conexo at um reporter me disse 
UpsetPatterns I'm worried judicial abuse of power *and* widespread corruption. Rational adults need not choose between those two. 
Um f do Moro fala: "muito desapontado" 
Moro (judge) admits that recording of Dilma amp; Lula he leaked to media occurred *after* expiration of his warrant 
gabrieldread No  pra um *juiz divulgar evidncia com motivos polticos. Ele no  jornalista. Esse  um abuso do poder. O perigo  obvio 
snolen No sei. 
rationalexpec veramagalhaes Vc acha que ele esta mentindo sobre o identidade do o marido dela? 
Imagine what people like neeratanden would be saying about Sanders if he hadn't run as a Democrat but instead as an independent 
Brazil in turmoil not even seen in Watergate: Judge suspends Dilma's appointment of Lula as risk to judicial power 
veramagalhaes Ah, seu marido trabahlava para Acio? Agora entendo 
veramagalhaes 3) Que Snowden divulgou, com jornalistas, mostrou comportamento ilegal - a Dilma/Lula conversa no 
veramagalhaes 1) Que vc disse sobre eu divulgando grampos  falso; 2)  abuso do poder pra um juiz divulgar evidncia com motivos polticos 
A thread in which the CAP President amp; long-time Hillary aide expressly decrees Sanders shouldn't run as a Democrat 
veramagalhaes Eu divulgei os grampos? Eu nunca sabia disso. E vc no pode entender as diferenas bvios entres esses 2 situaoes? 
MonaHol Dem elites now reflexively spew that accusation at critics as recklessly as neocons scream "anti-Semite" at Israel critics. 
MSNBC tries to answer our report on how guests of Chris Matthews are donating to his wife's campaign w/no disclosure 
Great news 
SteveCasull I didn't say anything to the contrary. I emphasized that Cruz actually SELECTED Gaffney. 
Donald Trump received an endorsement from a hate group leader but Ted Cruz affirmatively hired one as his advisor 
The people Ted Cruz just named as his foreign policy team are as alarming as anything Trump has done. 
Read CharlesMBlow on how "Clintons coverage on television has dwarfed Sanderss" amp; the election effect that's had 
willcarless viaSimonRomero I forgot about the whole Paes angle. It's so hard to keep track when pretty much everyone is implicated. 
Beyond all else, how awful to undercut your own reporter by substantially changing their article after publication 
"Bro": a term of derision most often wielded by straight white Dems to insinuate critics of Dem leaders are sexist 
ubrals Voc  contra o corrupo mas gosta do Cunha?  isso? 
jocelinegsc Eu moro na Brasil h 11 aos. 
jcdevereaux1 Who said that? Are you hearing things? 
Spearheaded by a crazed evangelical with many millions of dollars in secret Swiss bank accounts.... 
Along w/true extremists like Andrew McCarthy amp; Michael Ledeen -but Trump is a GOP outlier! 
evanengel She could easily have meant: in case you can't/don't physically attend the appointment ceremony. 
rafucko Estou assistindo a entrevista com Jean: engraado! 
MarcoAntonioTL Nothing I said contradicts that. I just said the Lula/Dilma tape doesn't prove that. 
rafucko Pode enviar email: lenn.Greenwaldtheintercept.com amp; ishmantheintercept.com 
Right. But other than that, how are things going? 
nandonascimento No, your assumption is wrong. And I didn't say the judge acted illegally. 
_rochapedro Rsrs. Increvl que um gringo pode saber alguma coisa! (Eu moro na Brasil h 11 aos, mas um gringo  sempre um gringo!). 
rationalexpec A conversa  muito vago, sobre os motivos para preparar esse documento. 
wilwalker a lot - and about power attained non-democratically. 
rationalexpec A conversa entre Lula e Dilma no mostra nada. 
MSavarese Right, but the Lula/Dilma recording is far from incriminating. And the judge's release of it is also very problematic. 
Where are the most bloodthirsty, war-mongering amp; bigoted neocons? Forming Ted Cruz's foreign policy team 
FlyinOverseas Mas foi o telefone do Lula que estava grampeado, no? 
1) Brazilian judge allows tapping of Lula's phone; 2) releases tape of call w/Dilma for political gain; 3) media pretends it's incriminating 
Classic POLITICO 
Brazilian TV show jornaldarecord broadcasts court documents clearly showing cell phone numbers of both Lula amp; Dilma 
mcurryfelidae07 natidenipoti Vinncent 
natidenipoti Vinncent The Jornal Nacional show tonight - where they re-enacted the dialogue like a novela - was really quite something. 
Vinncent I don't understand how that recording is supposed to be incriminating. 
The political situation in Brazil has spiraled completely out of control - doubt anyone knows the ending 
japatomica Yes, but not for Twitter. This captures it well, I believe 
Trump's favorability would instantly increase if he vowed never again to have his son behind him chortling: "yeah!" 
The fear, vacancy and impotence of the"View From Nowhere" prong of the US media: in one stuttering answer.... 
mattsteinglass billmon1 What if party elites 1st change the rules to vest them unjust power to override the vote? Legality = permissible? 
drawlinglawyer You don't have the option to criticize excess militarism in Clinton's policies? Is someone threatening you? 
mattsteinglass billmon1 When would violence be justified to protest denial of popular vote to alter election outcome? 
HBendaas adamjohnsonNYC Of course sadydoyle doesn't give a shit about Clinton's militarism: not her or her kids in danger  
franifio The video was great. "Omits Israel" wasn't a criticism of the video, just highlighting how awful her record is. 
Not adopting, but worth considering on the "Trump/riots" comments (read down) 
Stunning how little attention Dems have given any of this (and doesn't include her heinous Israel/Palestine views): 
Wow_ThatsLame I'm against all forms of speech codes - including hate speech laws - both on campus and off. 
schmotdocker Thank you. I really appreciate that. That kind of candor is rare for Twitter amp; very commendable. 
Among the best media criticism anywhere 
Good LA Times Editorial on the attempt to destroy free speech rights at U of Calif by barring "anti-Zionist" views 
YouGeneOneill schmotdocker Another imbecile who can't distinguish b/w: "I dislike view X" amp; "I think view X should be forcibly suppressed" 
schmotdocker YouGeneOneill AlexRyvchin You're 100 lying about my views: claiming I'm ambivalent about violence at CH is disgusting. 
TokingDrumpf I've spent 20 years as a lawyer amp; journalist defending free speech rights of those who express views I despise. 
Pentagon hailed the strike as "very successful amp; originally cast doubt on claim innocents were killed (of course) 
TokingDrumpf Any time you want to compare what you've done to defend free speech to what I have, let me know. 
Wow_ThatsLame Any time you want to compare what you've done in your life to defend free speech to what I have, let me know. 
schmotdocker AlexRyvchin YES, you idiot. 
JillFilipovic They won't. They ignore this form of campus censorship because they hate the views being censored - see jonathanchait 
MLPTweetings Your "certainty" comes from abject ignorance on the topic 
PlaneviewD Have an adult explain to you what "free speech" means. 
JillFilipovic TheFIREorg They are consistent amp; have repeatedly denounced these efforts 
This would be as major an assault on campus free speech as anything seen in the last several years: *obviously*. 
AlexRyvchin College students should not be allowed to express views that AlexRyvchin dislikes. This is basic to western freedoms. 
Reminder: Greatest threat to free speech on US campuses is from attempts to outlaw anti-Israeli-occupation activism 
ATTENTION all you anti-PC, pro-campus-speech pundits: U Calif proposal declares "anti-Zionist" views "unacceptable" 
Welcome, AliceSperi! 
Don't let the presidential results from last night obscure these extremely significant outcomes in prosecutor races 
ThePlumLineGS Primaries produce intense passion, but those sentiments seem fleeting. Party loyalty far more entrenched amp; enduring. 
Will Republicans vowing never to support Trump be more substantial than what turned out to be tiny PUMA faction of 2008 Clinton supporters? 
CarolineORyan 1) No, I didn't know that when I saw official WH tweet; 2) the tweet said what it said; 3) I caveated it in the next tweet 
viajoshhunt Trust me, the current version of me - which holds UK political/media elite culture in high contempt - would've pointed that out 
julietlapidos benwizner Yes, the tweet definitely intends to invoke that old, ugly stupid right-wing trope, but not the remarks themselves 
Many making the valid point that context of Obama's quote is different than this WH tweet. General point applies, but not to WH comments. 
My British 1st-year Crim Law Prof: "I've never been in a country that calls its own Constitution a 'technicality'" 
wmreddy Lavishing a tyrannical brutal regime with weapons so it can slaughter civilians is only "diplomacy" if you're a sociopath 
billmon1 As does this 
cynaramenezes EllenPage Que ele disse sobre jeanwyllys_real amp; Lula  nojento. Mas isso  Bolsonaro. 
On Sri Srinivasan: read AdamSerwer in 2013: - SCOTUSblog this week 
Can never have enough Saudi visits 
In Rio, EllenPage talks to Brazil's Trump-like authoritarian, Jair Bolsonaro - see also: 
Great profile of the_intercept's brilliant editor-in-chief, betsyreed2 
Dutch Parliament bans arms sales to Saudis due to executions amp; civilian slaughter in Yemen -bigger market for US/UK! 
mattyglesias See the replies here 
This is actually a good idea. Viewers would see election commentary in a much different (more truthful) light... 
leavyrdailyhell I didn't write the NYT article nor fabricate the polling data showing how unpopular your leader is. 
Sounds pleasant and nourishing 
Inspiring 
Right, but he's a Democrat. In that circle, that justifies all. 
jelani9 This is great but early TeaParty protests contained lots of anti-bailout anger 
JoshuaHol Agree on all counts. 
JoshuaHol That's why the high level of certainty that Clinton will beat him is misplaced: lots of big unknown variables like that. 
This has been true for the entire campaign, and it's what makes GOP efforts to depict Trump as anathema so laughable 
The Cook County State's Attorney (Chicago) who sat on the Laquan McDonald video for over a year 
daveweigel Will the fun of re-tweeting that dissipate after tonight? I'm hoping not. 
It's like when people die. Everyone loves to express admiration, respect, and affection for candidates who drop out. 
Florida: Trump gt; (Cruz + Rubio) 
Trump is winning every single county except one (Miami-Dade) in the large, heterogeneous state of Florida 
benwizner You got to watch your Twitter catnip become the GOP presidential front-runner. In America, anything is possible! 
MarkDice You're that devoted to your Leader that even a comment that mild sets you off that way? That's sweet and loyal. 
mtracey Right - you look at these results and think: "oh, Trump is winning as expected." Then you think about what you just said. 
deep_beige That part alone: the long-time host of Apprentice and Celebrity Apprentice. Celebrity Apprentice. 
ThePlumLineGS Totally. And they hate it justifiably. Still, it's DONALD TRUMP: the orange-haired reality TV star basket of insecurities. 
deep_beige Seriously, look at this 
Even after all this time, when you really think about the fact that *Donald Trump* is winning all these presidential contests, it's bizarre. 
ByYourLogic It's not nice to forget the "Little" before his name. Mind your manners. 
Read mtaibbi on how the NYT took one of its few positive Sanders articles amp; used after-publication edits to gut it 
A key reason Illinois is possibly close is because of how widely loathed Rahm is, who is closely tied to Clinton 
The NYT owes a serious explanation for what it did here 
Spoke to a close family member in Florida who explained for whom they voted today amp; the reasons. Don't talk politics with family members. 
NYT publishes positive article on Sanders' Congressional record. Then makes numerous revisions to dilute much of it 
Remember when Obama apologized for killing innocent people with drones - because they were western- amp; made promises? 
Read charlie_savage on the claimed legal justification for 150-dead strike in Somalia to see how arbitrary this is 
Penenberg sulliv michaelluo The post-Iraq policy itself wasn't awful: problem was: seems not to have been enforced much at all. 
rorihuela snolen It still amazes me if I go to a mall on Sunday: how many parents apparently need to take someone to hold/push their kids. 
ThePlumLineGS TheNordicNation Their Nordic superiority, specifically. 
Former amp; current Theranos Board Members include Henry Kissinger, Sam Nunn, George Schultz amp; Bill Frist 
Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes Is Holding a Hillary Fundraiser With Chelsea Clinton 
More Than 1/3 of Florida Latinos Support Donald Trump Over Marco Rubio, Poll Says 
MoonbeamMelly I spent many years representing white supremacist groups in free speech cases. I know how they use the word "Aryan." 
chrislhayes lourdesgnavarro This explains things really well 
MoonbeamMelly You sound nice and stable. 
Atrios Right. Cameron has been PM since 2010, and beat pre-Corbyn Labour in 2 straight elections. 
"Extremely disgraceful" 
Atrios Can't have any messy convictions! 
That's the Jeremy-Corbyn-led Labour Party, for anyone keeping track at home. 
Surprised - and a bit disappointed - that Christie wasn't holding the umbrella for Mr. Trump 
WeMeantWell They don't make the count, sorry. 
rorihuela snolen mario_tama Joaovaladares She makes some good points. And it's easy to forget the impact on people when they b/c symbols 
"Now, is Libya perfect? It isnt." What a brave and candid admission. 
You justified the bombing campaign with flamboyant displays of concern for The Libyan People: remember them? 
snolen If one wanted to make that point with an image, one could not have designed that photo any more effectively. 
stuartpstevens Nobody thinks NPR will be pro-Trump. The issue is the recent rules requiring journalists to pretend they have no opinions. 
Aryan fitness PSA and campaign advocacy, all in 140 characters! That's Twitter efficiency. 
The US (amp; UK) have been doing exactly this for a full year, with no signs at all of stopping 
To understand the class divisions driving Brazil's protests amp; political crisis generally, read this snolen article 
It is ironic, given historic stereotypes of the 2 parties, but this is a decent tagline explaining 2016 so far 
Few things are more pitiful than people trying to demonize lawyers based on the clients they represented... 
Her Democratic primary rhetoric, specifically 
DGBJPN I wrote this 4 days ago. Let me know if you'd like more 
That hashtag.... 
Imagine all the time we'd have to spend discussing candidates' policies if not for mean tweets from random, anonymous tweeters. Boring! 
kevvwill MonaHol mk138455 nandorvila You're merely describing prevailing standards of different eras, not defending one as better. 
mk138455 thefilmgoer 
kevvwill nandorvila So you think Edward R Murrow should've been fired when he denounced McCarthy amp; Cronkite when he denounced Vietnam War? 
You never know what jurors are thinking or how far out in the wilderness of irrationality they might be residing 
michaelburgi Sorry if I caused you to be in a longer debate than you wanted, but you were a good sport about it. 
Popehat It's not easy to work with aggressive dogs amp; failures happen. He's devoted his life to animals. Not perfect, but not criminal. 
Her bravery was astounding 
Yep: kudos to davidfolkenflik for reporting so transparently on what's going on inside NPR with this controversy 
NYT report on the key role the US has played in supporting the ongoing Saudi killing of Yemeni civilians 
yaelwrites Snowden Where are your priorities? ?? 
keilie_79 DudeKembro anarschtroumpf I also misread it! Sorry 
anarschtroumpf keilie_79 DudeKembro It's too stupid and racist to merit a reply 
keilie_79 DudeKembro He is lying. I don't edit the Intercept 
keilie_79 DudeKembro Dems think it's OK to erase Zaid amp; claim I write amp; edit his articles because they think he can't think for himself 
aragusea Let's do it. Please email at address in bio 
Great article. See also: 
She's certainly the favorite: all the more reason to make sure her claims receive rigorous critical scrutiny. 
MarkCHines Absurd. Her policy isn't: abolish death penalty except in terrorism cases. It was waved to justify her general support. 
So far she's invoked 9/11 to justify her secret Wall St speeches amp; death penalty support. What's next: NAFTA? 
This would have gotten Edward R. Murrow fired if he had worked at NPR, and many other media outlets 
JustinRaimondo G_Cstnza So you agree with NPR's decision not to say "torture" because to do so would take sides? 
michaelburgi How would you characterize Cokie Roberts' warnings about the Trump candidacy: is that objective? 
michaelburgi Even people who want "objectivity" in journalism can recognize some threats are severe enough that it becomes amoral. 
michaelburgi They did it on their nightly news broadcasts, while working as anchors. Neutrality in the face of fascism is not noble. 
michaelburgi Also, did those classes teach any of this history? 
michaelburgi Have you ever heard of Edward R Murrow, who denounced McCarthyism amp; Walter Cronkite, who did same with Vietnam War? 
G_Cstnza JustinRaimondo Small  of funding is govt - and that's what they cited to refrain from saying "torture" 
michaelburgi Pat yourself on the back for refusing to denounce the rise of authoritarianism and domestic political violence. Very noble. 
Nonrelatedsense paxdickinson It shows how fact-free is the claim that corporate-owned media outlets are leftist propagandists. 
HeerJeet Totally agree. And that's kind of a huge, gaping hole in this framework of rules. 
In NYT, Jacob Heilbrunn explores what drives the neocon contempt for Donald Trump 
HeerJeet Also weren't suited for torture, black sites, unlimited executive power grabs, pretense-based invasion amp; other Bush-era extremism 
NPR warns its employees they're *not allowed* to condemn Trump; NPR host chides Cokie Roberts for doing so 
paxdickinson Sorry you slept through how NYT helped Bush sell the Iraq War, how they obfuscated torture, how NPR denounced Cokie Roberts 
The Rise of Trump Shows the Danger and Sham of Compelled Journalistic "Neutrality" 
RIP: Revered editor who played key role in publishing thousands of pages of top secret docs (during GOP presidency) 
The Brazilian left, furious about their media's role in inciting protests and impeachment calls, are now doing this: 
tlaskawy LilianaSegura You don't see the outrage of having the state inject chemicals into someone's bloodstream to stop their heart? 
Precisely. 
tlaskawy LilianaSegura What matters is her defense of the death penalty, not how she "handled" the theatrics of the moment. 
"Its the elephant in the room" 
"because they wanted it to speak freely (subtext: without any accountability)" 
Good RyanLizza article on the fissures among Democrats amp; how they're manifesting in Clinton v. Sanders 
I've never seen a photo that begs more for a caption contest. Lots of good suggestions already in the replies 
Yes: it also has the effect of distracting everyone's attention from what the government is doing while it unfolds 
leahmcelrath onekade Yep - it's always been principally about vengeance. 
onekade But: Terrorism! 
emptywheel What was her answer then? 
One very simple reason 
mykfmn Actually, she was popular among GOP while Secretary of State - - many voters forgot/don't-know-about 1990s 
Been 10 years since HRC ran against a Republican, and only in NY state. GOP attacks on her can also change views. 
jmessersmith Appreciate that, thanks. 
seanonolennon Yes, it will live-stream on the_intercept and also, I believe, a Univ of Arizona stream. 
KyleKulinski Clinton supporters insist head-to-head polls are irrelevant now, but love to cite them to show she'll beat Trump. 
That's interesting 
seanonolennon UA_SBS Snowden daily_chomsky University of Arizona - 3/25 - see here: 
Gil_Wildridge tweeteddebates I'll ask the Pulitzer Committee for help 
IFThunder I would hope so. 
balmainjack yanisvaroufakis I agree but it is how these smear artists understand the terms 
fanoonman Many on the left and libertarians share views in those specific issues and others 
emptywheel It's because of how Dem hacks use the term "libertarian". They have no idea what it means 
EdgeofSports Lol. Just let me be me! 
Gil_Wildridge tweeteddebates Have an adult explain the paragraph with bolded words and let me know what you learn 
Love those days when you're called a "libertarian" and "a socialist" within hours.  
quackzaahr Right. That's another lie from that same circle 
AikenMatt tweeteddebates It is as they intend it, for that audience. It's code: you don't need to engage his arguments, in the other side 
Gil_Wildridge tweeteddebates That's a total lie from the same circle. 
GraemeEdgeler No. She's been telling the same lie for years even as I debunk it - see point 2 
youneedabath Right. Many on the left amp; libertarians have similar views on free speech, war, drug war, prison/crim justice reform, others 
Three years straight. And countless times to ACLU amp; CAIR. The lying MSNBC host '"forgot" to mention that. 
mcurryfelidae07 was that after she announced her transition? 
BenEsler As demonstrated by the fact that you take a discussion unrelated to your Leader and find a way to link it to Him 
russiannavyblog Atrios The views of mine it discusses - the opposite of libertarianism - haven't changed at all. Lol 
Yes. With some exceptions, MSNBC is a great place to study this lowly, deceitful tactic. 
Atrios It's amazing how divorced that term has become from actual policy beliefs 
Josh_Lipson yes. But many ideologies are that 
TsarKastik That's called being a civil libertian. See ACLU 
Party hacks don't understand how to process viewpoints outside of blind devotion to party leaders 
Also, in Dem hack circles, "libertarian" now means: "someone who criticizes Dem politicians but isn't right-wing" 
No. But it's MSNBC, where many hosts think their devotion to favorite politicians justifies fabrications amp; smearing. 
DaveError 1) Google "whatabouttery" and let me know what you find; 2) That's the whole point 
Important points from emilybell on power of tech giants over journalism amp; public discourse 
Other than Netanyahu, is there anyone who claims the answer to this question is "no"? 
Everything about this tweet is as repellent as it is illuminating. 
On the dangerous instability and unending horrors in post-NATO-intervention Libya - and who is to blame 
leahmcelrath thekarami Yeah - any encouragement to rough up a specific protester that leads to violence would qualify. 
thekarami But morally, ethically, and politically, it's inarguably incitement. 
thekarami Legally, Incitement has an imminence requirement: eg standing outside someone's house urging a gathered mob to burn it down 
I wonder if any of Trump's supporters will view this as encouragement amp; support for that behavior? 
Trump amp; Cruz are apparently unpopular among DC Republicans. Who knew? 
Please watch this 2:30 fact-filled video 
AdamSerwer While branding him a "Communist." 
ThePlumLineGS emptywheel Possibly. My original tweet was just based on the view that if they could choose now, they'd want Rubio v Clinton 
ThePlumLineGS emptywheel What they've been long saying is: we know she'll use populist rhetoric to win, but then be friendly in office. 
ThePlumLineGS emptywheel I think if most of Wall St could pick, they'd want Rubio. Second would be Clinton. 
emptywheel ThePlumLineGS Right: also, most power factions realize what Israel Lobby knows: they're stronger w/bipartisan support. 
LiberalinMD I don't think Trump would be remotely hostile to Wall St: the opposite. I think they fear the instability he brings. 
ThePlumLineGS If you read that article I linked to, you'll see Wall St knows that what one "runs on" is not the same as what they'd do. 
ThePlumLineGS I think it's more complicated than that. WallSt loved the 90s amp; power centers like progressive branding on their entrenchment 
ThePlumLineGS I think they'd be very content with either of those choices 
Not the candidates pictured here 
adamjohnsonNYC JohnKerry The "line item veto" concept and its selective application is such a good way to explain this dynamic. 
Problematic for the country constantly saying this to simultaneously lecture the world on democracy amp; human rights? 
How many of those outraged over Sanders' 1980s Cuba comments will object to Kerry's praise for this heinous regime? 
JustinFarrar Twitter is the great tone-killer! Sorry 
blogdiva I would love to watch an entire sermon from that guy. Checking YouTube now.... 
He seems really nice and stable. 
No apology. No retraction. Just quietly deleted them, slinking away, hoping nobody notices amp; that he won't get sued. 
Compare: written statement issued by Clinton to the one from Sanders regarding Trump 
Israeli Airstrike in Gaza Kills 2 Children, Palestinian Official Says (10-year-old boy amp; his 6-year-old sister) 
QuantTrader It's not someone's fault they're born into wealth. But we can judge them by the choices they make afterward. 
The defamation suit PortiaABoulger has against DonaldJTrumpJr is so awesome I almost want to return to law 
Portia A. Bougler v. Donald Trump, Jr. 
QuantTrader DonaldJTrumpJr You believe I'm jealous that I didn't get to depend on my dad for my career and sustenance? 
Living, breathing embodiment of the pathologies bred by nepotism and mass, unearned inherited wealth ---gt; DonaldJTrumpJr 
The Sanders supporter whom DonaldJTrumpJr is defaming as the woman in the Nazi salute photo 
PaleoLiberty JustinRaimondo ThomasEWoods Any time you want to compare what you've done to defend free speech to what I have, let me know 
JustinRaimondo Trump supporters have the same 1 Am rights as everyone else, which includes protests. If they use violence, it's illegal. 
JustinRaimondo I've spent my entire career as a lawyer amp; journalist defending the civil liberties of people whose views I dislike or hate. 
JustinRaimondo ScottMcConnell9 ThomasEWoods Political protests are legitimate amp; vital: engaging in violence or law-breaking --gt; arrest. 
jeremy6d ThomasEWoods That's a tactical question. Nobody knows how it will sway voters. 
PaleoLiberty JustinRaimondo ScottMcConnell9 ThomasEWoods No discussion is complete w/o a New Atheist cult member linking to his Leader. 
JustinRaimondo ScottMcConnell9 ThomasEWoods That was in response to Scott's claim that civil rights protesters didn't disrupt rallies. 
JustinRaimondo ScottMcConnell9 Take my word for it: you're way off the deep end. You're not even minimally rational. 
JustinRaimondo ScottMcConnell9 ThomasEWoods You're hallucinating. I did nothing of the kind. You should go lay down. 
mperkel That was bizarre. 
ItsTheBrandi No. 
ScottMcConnell9 JustinRaimondo ThomasEWoods Are you kidding? They disrupted all sorts of things. Read about what boycott enforcers did. 
ScottMcConnell9 JustinRaimondo ThomasEWoods Trump shut down the rally. The police said it wasn't necessary. And check G Wallace protests. 
ItsTheBrandi I endorsed Obama in 2008 amp; advocated for his election. And I never worked at CATO. Other than that, great, accurate tweet. 
JustinRaimondo jeremy6d ThomasEWoods What  of the protesters initiated violence? What  of Trump supporters did? 
martinkaste ryanchittum Yes, they can be arrested for violence or trespassing: how many did that? And still not a 1A violation of Trump. 
Full Marco Rubio interview on Trump - there's a lot going on here 
ThomasEWoods The fact that you need to fabricate my opposition to protests of Rubio should show you how off-base your attack is. 
JustinRaimondo ThomasEWoods When did you become such a drama queen? Trump chose to cancel. The police were ready to remove the protesters. 
ThomasEWoods Rhetoric is incredibly power and can inspire all sorts of collective action from noble to evil. 
BrianReinert1 No, the use of violence is illegal. What  of the protesters used violence? 
ThomasEWoods JustinRaimondo That's a false assumption. I've pointed out many times where Rubio amp; Cruz are more extreme warmongers. 
JustinRaimondo ThomasEWoods You're really overwrought about this in a way that is not helpful for rational thinking. 
zunguzungu This has been the Clintons' playbook since they came on the scene. 
ThomasEWoods If you think only "leftists" are offended by Trump's rhetoric, you should check some polls amp; right-wing political magazines. 
zunguzungu You could add the red-baiting on Sandinistas amp; Castro, too - a bit different but coming from a similar place. 
zunguzungu I would call it substantial. It comes from the same attributes. Started writing about that this morning but decided not to. 
ThomasEWoods So you believe that civil rights protests in the 1950s amp; 1960s did nothing to advance the cause of racial equality? 
The 1st Amendment is not violated when private citizens protest. The 1st Amendment *protects the right to protest* 
larry_kudlow Absolutely47 HillaryClinton So you're going to ignore the 100 falsity of your tweet in favor of a lecture on cussing? 
I actually like having them now, but maybe this argument will persuade liberals to object: 
They broke the law, disrupted, trespassed. And in doing so, saved literally countless lives around the world... 
To call this tweet false is to be extremely generous 
Fascinating essay: how nfergus "falsifies Kissingers intellectual legacy" for hagiography 
ConnorLand2 AnnCoulter How does denouncing Fox News get her $$? She definitely seems to me driven by actual conviction. 
peacelovedixie People4Bernie It's a newsworthy tweet, so I re-tweeted it. Don't attribute to me things I didn't say. 
dandrezner mattklewis We'll find out! 
JonathanLanday AnnCoulter Potent testament to how quickly amp; radically Trump has uprooted amp; scrambled long-entrenched factions. 
dandrezner mattklewis Seems like his strategy is: depict the only alternative to Trump as those protesters, believing more will side w/him 
Imagine if someone had said 5 years ago that AnnCoulter would be denouncing Fox News as the traitorous oligarchy 
blakehounshell See also - - 
blakehounshell On whom is it placing blame for what happened? At whom is the civility lecture directed? 
Detained and arrested at the Trump rally for 'resisting arrest' shortly after this tweet 
Equivocating, cowardly, deliberately vague, patronizingly pandering, triangulating: she checked off all the boxes 
leahmcelrath People may be so turned off to Trump that they blame him, but you may also be right. I honestly don't know. 
EthanCoxMtl chrislhayes normative Possibly. But Americans often dislike disruptive protests amp; those who do it. I'm really not sure. 
chrislhayes deep_beige normative But that begs the question of who they blame for it. 
deep_beige chrislhayes normative Right, except there's a third alternative: people side against these kinds of protests. 
chrislhayes normative You think most people will side with the protesters, or just blame Trump for provoking what they see as chaos? 
ErrataRob I didn't mention violence or imply anything about it. 
Protests, even disruptive ones, have an important place in democracies generally and the U.S. specifically - both as an outlet and a remedy. 
digby56 With very little challenge, unsurprisingly. 
A true hero of the AIDS movement 
publictorsten BrianLehrer She's talking about the second half of 2013 and first part of 2014 
WideAsleepNima "and, in doing so, I offended an important part of my donor base" 
Live-stream of local coverage of the now-cancelled Trump event 
Read thegarance - early pioneer of the AIDS activist movement - for some facts about AIDS, the Reagans amp; the 1980s 
iantDC HillaryClinton I misunderstood your tweet! My reply to it was already embedded in what you wrote! I missed the joke. 
MarkHarrisNYC fakedansavage No, it's not 
wilw "Yes, I praised Nancy Reagan's AIDS record - because I was there with the first responders on 9/11 amp; needed to get it all rebuilt!" 
wilw I actually love this even more 
frankrichny JC_Christian 
SO PERFECT: Selina Meyer on "mis-speaking" (via SeanDugan) 
OwenJones84 It was a lot worse than inaction. 
lizzwinstead Here's a nice target to start. I'm here to help! 
birlik54 KaivanShroff As someone who lived as a gay teenager through the 1980s, I don't apologize for being disgusted at these apologists 
mimislo Her comments praising the Reagans' legacy on AIDS are about 3 hours old and it's already a "dead horse"? That's great for her! 
SeanDugan Also, don't even try to compare "who does Dan Savage support?" with "what is the Reagans' legacy on AIDS"? 
SeanDugan I didn't "misspeak." I intended to say it. I was mistaken about it. I'm not pretending I didn't mean to say it. 
What does "misspoke" mean? Is there a working definition of that? Is it: words came out of one's mouth different than what one intended? 
lizzwinstead They're going to try to turn it into a positive: the way she apologized shows how humanitarian and brave she is! 
KaivanShroff You're allowed simultaneously to support a politician amp; condemn something they say or do. It's what honest people w/dignity do 
KaivanShroff I understand you feel humiliated after what you wrote, but no human is stupid enough to believe you didn't defend her comments 
KaivanShroff You lied or spewed extreme ignorance to defend your leader's comments. Now even she admits they're false. 
RHuffmann billmon1 fakedansavage Even she admits it's false, you vile cretin 
billmon1 Tobin_Maker fakedansavage 
billmon1 RHuffmann tryggth fakedansavage What a revolting piece of garbage. 
From one of the early pioneers and heroes of the AIDS activist movement 
billmon1 JC_Christian That's been central to the Clintons' playbook since they emerged on the scene. 
billmon1 tryggth fakedansavage I agree 100 that will happen, but it won't be easy statement to write, amp; she showed her true face, again 
fakedansavage Ah, sorry. I thought you were supporting her for some reason. Will note that. 
Read Clinton supporter fakedansavage on her truly repulsive comments today about the Reagans and AIDS 
PattyArquette Shared! Glad you're doing that. Nice to hear from you. Hope you're well! 
OmanReagan Imagine claiming to be a gay rights group - HRC - amp; refusing even to criticize a politician praising the Reagans' AIDS legacy 
JRDinATL Good point. 
velawciraptor The twitter account HRC is for the gay-rights group Human Rights Campaign, not Hillary Clinton 
The red-baiting of Sanders over his opposition to Reagan-era covert wars already flirted with this 
This is why HRC is the world's biggest, most dignity-free joke 
billmon1 mcurryfelidae07 JC_Christian Of course. My disgust level if way over capacity about this. 
mcurryfelidae07 JC_Christian billmon1 Be glad you didn't live through the 1980s as a gay teenager and young adult. 
Lyra3141 Are you really this stupid? I provided the link with my first tweet to the video of Clinton's comments on MSNBC. 
1987: Reagan Communications Director Pat Buchanan: AIDS is natures revenge on gay men"  
Lyra3141 I'm sorry you have no idea what you're talking about. 
billmon1 JC_Christian Maybe it's just how I read it and wanted to hear it in my state of disgust and rage. 
Among other things, yes it is 
billmon1 JC_Christian You have an ambiguous pronoun reference in that tweet. 
If you are even considering defending Clinton's comments about the Reagans and AIDS, listen to this first: 
The Reagan White House, more than *3 years* into the AIDS plague 
This video of Reagan's press secretary talking about AIDS is literally nauseating - history: 
Some late efforts, but this is offensive, revisionist bullshit - 
scbur chrislhayes She's supportive of him right this very moment. 
scbur chrislhayes I never wrote about politics until Oct 2005 
JJ_McCullough adamjohnsonNYC I knew we'd shortly arrive at the moment when I'm angry at myself for wasting time engaging you amp; now we have 
JJ_McCullough adamjohnsonNYC Look up "Nuremberg"/"aggressive war" and "UN charter/self-defense" and let me know what you find. 
JJ_McCullough adamjohnsonNYC The fact that you don't believe in or recognize the laws of war doesn't mean they're nonexistent. 
JJ_McCullough adamjohnsonNYC So it would be permissible for Assad to send operatives to shoot grenades at the White House? 
adamjohnsonNYC Don't worry: the US military would never have done it because - as we recently learned - they refuse to carry out war crimes 
JJ_McCullough adamjohnsonNYC A country doesn't need any reason or legal basis to bomb other countries' governments? 
scbur chrislhayes Absolutely: - - 
On the never-ending political scandal amp; investigation in Brazil, now fully engulfing Lula - 
Clinton/Rahm 2016 
mehdirhasan Inside Donald Trump's head is literally the last place I want to be: in fact, it's probably one of the deeper levels of hell. 
mehdirhasan I agree that he's a uniquely frequent amp; casual liar. I don't agree that there's zero consistent worldview in what he espouses. 
mehdirhasan Plus there's a self-interest test. There is literally zero benefit in GOP to vowing "neutrality" on Israel. Why would he do it? 
mehdirhasan I don't. But he does have a record of public statements over 40 yrs. All politicians' campaign vows are dubious. 
Also: KarenAttiah's OpEd heavily relies upon a WikiLeaks-Manning cable on Honduras: a reminder of how journalistically valuable those are 
Must-read WashPost Op-Ed by KarenAttiah: "Hillary Clinton needs to answer for her actions in Honduras and Haiti" 
candelario_rump dvdngyn The creepiest thing about New Atheist cult members is how every issue gets linked back to the Leader. 
mehdirhasan It's not about being "tough on Israel" because he sympathizes with Palestinians - it's a non-interventionist mindset. 
mehdirhasan He has this paleo/Buchananite streak that holds that such conflicts are none of US's business amp; it should remain neutral. 
ijbailey davidfrum Probably a good idea to ask what causes the terrorism you want to fight 
3 Latin American ex-Presidents: "The 'war on drugs' is an unmitigated disaster": advocate decrim (h/t maiasz) 
eliasisquith Yes, because the only "point" in which they place any value is winning. 
eliasisquith The way pro-Clinton pundits have elevated random tweets into a major campaign issue- for months- is equally gross amp; impressive 
Temptation to highlight ugly/bigoted tweets from random Clinton supporters to mock the tactic --gt; embarrassment to do it even as satire 
agrabau cesarmillan Right. His intent is clearly to help these animals stop fighting. It's noble amp; takes work amp; sometimes have setbacks. 
Reminder: "investigated"  "charged," let alone "convicted. And these claims against cesarmillan seem very dubious. 
This is what counts as "restraint" and a "somber reluctance to use force" in US discourse (amp; don't forget drones): 
So much important truth in this little Twitter essay about liberal electoral tactics amp; US discourse generally: 
Imagine how surprised/happy Reagan, Cap Weinberger, et al would be to learn it'd be liberals- a mere 30 yrs later- red-baiting w/Sandinistas 
SethMillstein Good point. Remember this? 
It's literally not allowed in GOP politics 
evanswillcd Yes. 
Running against Trump amp; Cruz has obscured what an extremist tool of various agendas Rubio is 
All true 
WaqarVick Really sorry we didn't get to speak. I look forward to reading this. 
High school debate was the formative intellectual experience for lots of people. Great JennaMC_Laugh profile of it: 
neilkli JAMyerson Damn, that's good. 
deep_beige ryanlcooper So what if Hillary vehemently opposed marriage equality?? That was ancient history: 2013! Bernie amp; Nicaragua! 
deep_beige ebruenig ryanlcooper They're such creepy authoritarians. 
ryanlcooper ebruenig The hard-core Clinton followers see any criticism at all as inherently "ugly." 
ebruenig ryanlcooper I *love* the new Dem pundit line so much: yes, Bernie, you can run, but you can't criticize Hillary! 
National Nurses United endorses Tim_Canova, the primary challenger to Debbie Wasserman Schultz 
bhaktiMimulus 
If you want random animal awesomeness unexpectedly popping into the middle of the horrors comprising your time-line, follow: WeAdoreAnimal 
One of the best traits shared by Sanders amp; Trump: they don't have a team of standard DC foreign policy "experts" 
mcurryfelidae07 jilliancyork Oh my god: that. 
CarlBeijer Finally! 
taylorjwofford I won a lot of rounds with "space good" and "growth bad" 
Rebecca_Schiff He's a muddled mess on foreign policy but his past and hers lead me to believe he'd be better. Can't be worse 
Cc: DWStweets What do you think???? 
altmediawales You misunderstood my tweet 
TeaPartyStance I saw from his feed he supports Trump on this Wasn't insinuating anything about Trump supporters generally, who are varied. 
Rebecca_Schiff Bernie has supported, and still supports, some bad things 
Factualist WalshFreedom pierre Yeah. There's a real shortage in America if people disparaging Muslins 
Total Bernie Bro 
MattBors People have really gone wild with that 
roqchams I wasn't brave enough to check those 
TeaPartyStance what aspersions amp; insinuations? 
What's going on today? 
I wonder who he supports for president 
This cretin was in Congress 
jilliancyork lol. And college 
ggreeneva Seriously? It was a space issue. I had no characters left. 
JayAckroyd Nova. I also debated in college - with people like Neal Katyal and Tom Goldstein 
taylorjwofford LD in high school, policy in college. You? 
In the pre-Clinton Democrat Party of the 1980s, it was common for liberals to condemn US contra support as terrorism 
As a high-school debater, I'm thrilled to read this! 
*That is what the 80s Latin American debate was about: it's what was most often ignored - just like today's debates 
Popehat mcmoynihan You believe the US was arming amp; funding the contras due to its deep amp; profound concern for the peoples of Nicaragua? 
I of course knew many Dems will support 8anything if it aids their empowerment but *this* is actually shocking me 
mcmoynihan You give yourself a lot of license to find nuance in a terrorist group while demonizing Sanders for doing that w/Sandinistas. 
billmon1 adamjohnsonNYC 1000000000 
In the 1980s, Sanders had a clear foreign policy perspective amp; lots of passion discussing it: judge for yourself 
mcmoynihan The 1980s debate was about whether US should be supporting death squads amp; terrorists to overthrow Nicaraguan government. 
DavidMizner Sylvester Stallone-y 
DavidMizner Can we vote for that version? 
Very smart andohehir on why the Dem primary has become acrimonious 
Watch this: 
Obama perfectly describes the world of DC think tanks 
Corey Lewandowski is a disgraceful, cowardly thug 
Just by the way: the Latin American death squads supported by US in the 1980s were classic, textbook "terrorists" 
minneappleis jeremyscahill I know that. Jeremy was mocking the things Clinton supporters were saying during the debate to defend her. 
Hillary Clinton, Stalwart Friend of World's Worst Despots, Attacks Sanders' Latin American Activism 
The Democrats' moral conscience 
nitoTV Have you ever heard of Iraq? 
Amazing: liberals demonizing 1980s opposition to Reagan's secret Central American wars, all to prop up Clinton 
Do they just not realize that they're spewing classic Reagan-era right-wing agitprop, or do they not care? 
This also apply to Sanders' female supporters? And will Clinton supporters have blood on their hands from her wars? 
greenbychris the_intercept Hilarious - I'm finishing an article about exactly that quote right now. 
downwithtyranny Atrios Please don't ever post that again. 
MSavarese but politically don't you think this is pretty provocative 
Wow. Can't overstate how significant that is 
In Dearborn, sarahlazare spoke to Arab amp; Muslim Sanders supporters 
The only people surprised/confused that Muslims would vote for a Jewish candidate are people who don't know any Muslims  
Worth reading starting here... 
liberalvixen You're accusing Obama of lying in his ad? 
"Hillary Clinton will say anything to get elected" - Barack Obama ad, 2008 
saronoff You don't realize the irony of your tweet. 
A pragmatist who gets things done 
edroso Ah, OK. 
edroso The shooting was justified. The lies from the FBI agents aren't. This isn't complicated. 
edroso Right. That's the whole point of the story, which I read. Shooting was justified, so why did FBI agents falsely deny shooting? 
Unsurprising but still very significant 
John_de_Vashon Not even the FBI pretends it's OK for FBI agents to lie about their role in a shooting. That's some extreme authoritarianism 
dyett I'm not. I regard it as a positive development. But there's a perception of infallibility around it. 
Seems likely FBI agents outright lied about their role in Oregon stand-off shooting of LaVoy Finicum 
Data journalism cannot fail. It can only be failed. 
These stories are invariably disgusting, and it seems like there's never any accountability 
Still the clear front-runner for Best Media Tweet of the 2016 campaign 
Long-time Michigan resident emptywheel on last night's Sanders win 
JustinRaimondo Yeah, I meant to include that link 
benjaminwittes From what I see, most political scientists say it's not predictive until later. But people keep using them when helpful. 
For this reason, among others, the under-discussed alliance between Israel amp; Saudi Arabia is growing 
Israel now more explicit: if forced to choose, they prefer ISIS control of Syria over Iran - 
Dem punditocracy has steadfastly ignored Clinton's huge candidate weaknesses. That's good message discipline, but... 
Are polls showing General Election head-to-head matchups meaningful or not? Answer always seems exclusively to depend on who it helps. 
Actual LOL 
Yeah, so about this haughty decree . . . . pretty sure that's not going to happen. 
Sounds like a very significant General Election vulnerability 
The Dem polling on Michigan 
"Trump Steaks" may be one of the most repellent images that ever emerged in an election. 
Every campaign is currently plotting how to induce Mitt Romney to denounce them. 
It may be time for another Mitt Romney speech. 
Trump always wins in the way that's cruelest to GOP elite: repeatedly dips just enough to give hope, then crushes it 
Are there any think pieces on why the fun of watching Marco Rubio's campaign fail never diminishes? 
mattdpearce Only 8 months left. 
AnaKasparian That was awesome! Same to you. 
Watch AnaKasparian discuss sexism allegations in the Clinton v. Sanders race 
Dr_Tad He said multiple times that racism is a big part driving that appeal. 
Read Thomas Frank for a nuanced, non-patronizing, non-cartoon analysis of Trump's appeal among working class voters 
Shinobihort AnaKasparian HillaryClinton BernieSanders Is there a clip of this? 
Nobody Knows the Identity of the 150 People Killed by U.S. in Somalia But Most Are Certain They Deserved it 
girlzinger I wrote 3 books during the Bush years denouncing it, and hundreds of daily articles. Does that count? 
"Terrorist", noun: whosever life ends when my Government drops a bomb. 
Our government said so!  
Steveninn How do you know who was killed? You don't. And since we're not 6, "they're bad guys" is not a legal argument. 
philipdisalvo I don't think so. lenn.Greenwaldtheintercept.com 
How do you know you live in a militaristic empire? When your Gov kills 150 people in a country you're not at war with amp; barely anyone blinks 
The US needs to keep Israel happy lest they refuse to accept the $3 billion each year, the weapons amp; protection 
Ali_Gharib LOL. I chatted a bit about it - with the  protection - to tennis journalists yesterday. 
The claim is that the people killed were about to mount an attack on US soldiers. Would be great to see some evidence of that. 
Any legal authority for Obama to kill 150 people with a drone over Somalia? Does this question even matter? 
Also: 61 of Israeli Jews believe God literally gave Israel to Jews, while 79 want "preferential treatment" for Jews in Israel. 
mattduss Which is worse? Advocating expulsion from just Israel or also the West Bank? 
DemFromCT ASFried I didn't suggest that. Dems long claimed white working class isn't voting their own interests by supporting GOP. Agree? 
ofriel Many prominent conservatives have said they'd support Clinton over Trump. Now BretBaier reporting it's said privately, too. 
No doubt about this 
ASFried DemFromCT I've never heard anyone blame a "media plot," but your view is media coverage doesn't affect voter perception amp; choices? 
The "system for protecting nat sec whistleblowers remains broken": due to incompetence or intent? 
DemFromCT You really doubt that a long-time establishment organ like WPost would be naturally hostile to a "socialist" insurgent candidate? 
The US/UK-supported Saudi war on Yemen 
GrungyBerns He's a middle-class Jewish male and she's an extremely rich and she's an extremely rich and powerful white woman. 
GrungyBerns woodruffbets nymtwit Feel free to argue w/ the journalist who wrote it. Re "power structure": where does Clinton fall on it? 
ANimer Don't worry. It's just a "transfer": like changing buses. 
NEW POLL: Nearly half of Jewish Israelis want to expel or "transfer" Arab citizens out of the country 
"Yes, we bomb multiple countries over and over, but we do it with progressivism in our hearts." 
adamjohnsonNYC They got them at all at a "graduation ceremony" - getting their Terrorist degrees 
Matteotrab That it will be used to suppress information that ought to be public. 
Matteotrab Too complicated for Twitter, but I think it has huge dangers and is almost guaranteed to be abused. 
It's really great: takes tweet-reporting to a new level. 
tcarmody BobEsplin Yes, very 
tcarmody Hmmmm. Pretty murky. We'll probably never know for sure. 
tcarmody Is it a legitimate/common treatment for diabetes, magnesium deficiency, and irregular EGK: the maladies she cited? 
dougrobson According to this article posted by jon_wertheim, it definitely seems performance-enhancing 
RedKhan1 Actually it is significant in Michigan and lots of national campaigns have courted it. 
Not necessarily a criticism, but how does NYT article on drone strike in Somalia differ from Pentagon press release? 
dougrobson Also: why was it placed on the banned list? Is it performance-enhancing? 
The Arab American News endorses Bernie Sanders 
PChrFlor omeraziz12 Seriously, do you not realize what incredibly creepy follower behavior you exhibit toward your Leader? Just reflect. 
mattyglesias I believe nobody will miss a Rubio candidacy more than you will: has provided so much material. 
pravengov SamHarrisOrg LOL. The world and everyone in it must be viewed through the prism of how one treats the Leader. 
Ryan_Briles MonaHol SamHarrisOrg A true follower places faith in his Leader and with no evidence finds justification for heinous behavior 
Neocons utterly trivialized "anti-semitism" accusation by cynically weaponizing it to smear Israel critics. Lots of broad lessons there. 
Congrats to Edward Snowden, winner of the 2016 Ossietzky Prize from PEN in Norway 
US Govt claims 150 people killed by its drone strike in Somalia were "militants" - here's their definition: 
VictorPopeJr Your stuff is really great. Spent a good chunk of time just reading amp; watching it this morning. Awesome work. 
Nobody needs to write ever again about SamHarrisOrg and his obsessive cult because this pretty much covers it all 
iacobus2016 the_intercept Nothing in that article suggests anything near what you attributed to me 
iacobus2016 Salon Where did I say that? 
usr_local_share Oh wow : you think I was endorsing that. That makes me laugh audibly. I actually appreciate that. 
No partisan gain for either party = ignored. 
A funny amp; insightful Twitter feed: VictorPopeJr 
EllaTasm Yes - and justifying the vesting of the precise powers in the police arms of the state which they were never supposed to have 
And both of these incomparably hideous programs have been fully bipartisan 
The equally endless Drug War and War on Terror have numerous tactics amp; destructive effects in common 
By a journalist sued for criminal defamation by Berlusconi's closest allies for his book on the Prime Minister 
Judges amp; prossecutors have collaborated to ensure the destruction of the 4th Amendment in all but name only 
The systematic abuses became too extreme and glaring and destructive to ignore any longer. 
Thank you charlie_savage amp; ScottShaneNYT for highlighting the sham of Close-GITMO drama 
Ali_Gharib Ugh. Thanks. 
TheKimClub YouTube That was one of the best parts. What happened there? 
All of this was very common. And not that long ago. And done in the middle of a terrifying plague. 
drvox I'm on my third viewing. It gets better every time. And it's just the trailer! 
MrTonyKent Really amazing things happen in the end 
I trust the trailer for Dinesh D'Souza's new film will leave you as speechless as I am 
reedfrich gets results! 
yoram_gat Sanders and his supporters: the people who would need to be persuaded for that to happen. 
GOP elites: we're so offended by Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric so we'll embrace him instead 
"Sanders must drop out to allow Clinton to expedite her hard turn right" seems unlikely to persuade 
The reasonable, serious GOP alternative to Trump 
Johngcole Few things infuriated Clinton supporters in 2008 like being told it was time for her to stop the campaign. 
StevenTDennis Good point. I wonder if there's a picture somewhere and if it had the same collective arms-raised creepiness as the one today 
2004: 
billmon1 These things rarely come out of nowhere. Ground has to be laid. 
MonaHol LOL. He did. That's so funny. The prerogative of the Super Delegate. He doesn't represent anyone. 
The Anthem of the Super Delegate 
lwoodhouse Have you talked to Betsy Reed about that? You should. 
GhostofBernie I wrote this a couple weeks ago 
jennzen78 Yes, exactly. 
jason_pontin Well if you think that Trump having bad supporters is meaningful, you should think that about Clinton, too. 
jennzen78 That's awesome. Thanks for showing me that. 
The capacity of dogs to bring out the best in humans is amazing.... 
jason_pontin Do you regard Trump's support from white supremacist as worth noting as a reflection of his campaign? 
JTEllermann RaniaKhalek Ttally accurate. I meant that he donated money to her because he is very familiar with (amp; supportive of) her views 
jason_pontin 2 separate issues: 1) Clinton is hideous on Israel/Palestine; 2) neocons prefer her to Trump b/c she's reliable for them 
It's striking how little this issue been discussed in all the talk about how neocons loathe Trump amp; prefer Clinton 
He's a billionaire who donated $2 million to Clinton campaign amp; $10 million to Clinton Foundation.... 
CarlBeijer Yes, but I think it's also defensiveness. Elites feel indicted by this anger amp; alienation and thus want to delegitimize it. 
Hearing from Trump supporters explaining themselves is illuminating in a way that no anti-Trump pundit could achieve 
michaelkpate Not sure that's true, but if you read article, you'll see they didn't only talk to Trump supporters but GOP voters generally 
According to NYT, GOP voters didn't particularly appreciate Mitt Romney's anti-Trump speech 
What  of columns are now written to lash out at unnamed, anonymous Twitter critics amp; prove them wrong? Very high. 
The thought occurred to me that this may have something to do with neocon contempt for Trump 
Taniel I can't remember a widespread political claim that is driving me as crazy as this particular strain. 
At CPAC, ZaidJilani listens to a panel discussion about Muslims. Trump wasn't there amp; these aren't his supporters 
AliAbunimah Are you claiming this is relevant for why many neocons loathe Trump amp; prefer Clinton? 
Ike_Saul Not surprised: just intrigued by how neocons are attacking him on torture amp; everyone is agreeing to forget what they said amp; did. 
The more one reflects on this tweet, the more amazing it becomes 
Neocons - real neocons - have spent weeks attacking Trump for advocating torture. People are taking this seriously. How is this happening? 
GooGwaba Thank you. I really appreciate that. 
Kyle_Moler LOL 
This also helps boost the popularity of Ayaan at a right-wing conference 
More from Brooks_Rosa in WashPost on the joke-claim that US military/CIA would refuse illegal orders or war crimes 
Choosing to believe self-glorifying fairy tales is a long-time pastime of US opinion class 
Totally: any order to commit illegal acts would cause mass resignations amp; unified defiance 
About this new claim that US intelligence amp; military community would never commit war crimes 
GooGwaba I posted two links, and I don't agree with your claim that they have nothing to do with Trump's views on killing family members. 
GooGwaba You claimed the article was just about bulldozing homes. You now know that's false: it's about bombing homes. You can't admit it? 
GooGwaba Sorry your brain doesn't let you even read past the first paragraph: "a policy of bombing houses in last summer's Gaza conflict" 
A Russian dentist who started saving a few stray dogs during Olympics in Sochi, now devotes her life to rescuing 
Indeed: what kind of moral monster could justify killing a terrorist's family members??? - 
I believe, yes, this is the same US military amp; intelligence community we're hearing today would never do such things 
Today's political consensus: "The US intelligence amp; military community would never obey orders to engage in illegal acts or war crimes." 
weshamrick JameelJaffer the_intercept He gets excited sometimes. 
Brazilians awoke to these pics of Lula's home amp; institute searched amp; he briefly detained 
From one of the sane, sober, responsible, reasonable GOP policy experts who heroically signed the anti-Trump letter 
From one of the sane, sober, responsible, reasonable GOP policy experts who heroically signed the anti-Trump letter 
Reassurances from America's Moral Conscience 
JustinRaimondo He's also advocating more extreme torture techniques amp; targeting people's spouses amp; children. You can't ignore that. 
doug__h That's not actually responsive to the points made in the article. 
This is why the self-evidently valid depiction of Trump as a fraud and con artist doesn't resonate for many 
JustinRaimondo realDonaldTrump I have a paragraph in there about that stuff 
Things I never knew: US intelligence amp; military community would never commit war crimes if ordered to do so 
Trump's Policies are not Anathema to the U.S. Mainstream but an Uncomfortably Vivid Reflection of it 
Just curious: is there anyone who still doubts that the U.S. is well into late-stage imperial collapse? 
adamjohnsonNYC 
zachsdorfman It's not easy these days to make Brazilian politics look stable and dignified by comparison, but they easily managed. 
adamjohnsonNYC I feel you're overlooking this point 
BuzzFeedAndrew Trump shill! 
Also, just by the way: I know it's a boring point, but not even the U.S. Government has charged Snowden with treason (being a "traitor"). 
secupp 
Odd behavior for a "Russian spy": went to Hong Kong, met with American journalists amp; asked them to inform the public 
danarel ZackFord Thank you. Appreciate that. 
This is fantastic. 
danscott1999 He strongly hinted that his penis was large. 
It was only a matter of time before Trump said that. Surprised it took that long. 
SeethinHeathen danarel Yes. Misinterpreting other discussions is common. We all do it. But that's why we should be open when it happens. 
danarel I was not arguing - and don't believe - that cis-males can't disagree with trans women like CJ. It was *satirizing* that mentality. 
danarel No. The point was to mock the normal "splaining" accusations as wielded by the CAP crowd to enforce partisan allegiance. 
willcarless Yes, definitely. Let's email this week and pick a time/date. 
danarel You misinterpreted the entire discussion, and my comments. Now: you're too dumb to understand that or too dishonest to admit it. 
willcarless It's really something that he won that election. They don't know what to do about it. 
danarel You read that discussion amp; walked away with the exact opposite meaning of what everyone expressed. You're too dumb to realize this. 
danarel You are so unbelievably stupid. Everyone in that discussion and reading it - except you - sees that it's satire of these tactics. 
No longer hyperbole to say that GOP is engulfed in a civil war 
danarel You're a complete imbecile who understood that tweet with exactly the opposite meaning of what it conveyed. 
daveanthony MattBruenig What ZackFord is guilty of is actually cis-splaining, but: yes. Trans rights as long as someone supports Clinton 
ZackFord You're a heinous "ally", shaming a trans woman on trans rights. As MattBruenig put it - shame indeed 
ZackFord MattBruenig You're some cis guy hectoring a trans woman on trans rights. If it were anyone else, you'd be spewing condemnation. 
MattBruenig ZackFord It's fascinating how all the rules instantly changed for how Caitlyn Jenner can be discussed once she cheered the GOP 
TrillTessa If there's space available or it's live-streamed I usually just post it here. 
A blow to the effort to impeach dilmabr: her enemy, indescribably corrupt evangelical Eduardo Cunha, to face trial 
newsjunkyjimmy Yeah - you can email me at the email address in my Twitter bio 
Looking really forward to this: I'll be at Univ of Ariz with Noam Chomsky amp; Snowden on March 25, discussing privacy 
It benefits many influential people to pretend Trump had a recent, radical personality transformation; it's not true 
Meet the newly-elected Chairman of the Travis Country Republican Party in Texas, RobMorroLiberty 
Alternatively, perhaps it's a bit more self-interested than that 
Vinncent That poor guy. 
jennifermcc6 I'm sorry those photographs upset you. Your complaint is probably with the Clintons, though, not with me. 
devincf Instead, they have this thing called "Google" which you may want to use before opining in ignorance 
devincf Sorry to ruin what I know you thought was an extremely clever tweet. 
devincf It's nice that you want to preserve good thoughts about your heroes but it's been obvious for decades what Donald Trump is 
mtg_law_etc Where did you concoct that? I didn't say anything remotely like that. 
The pretty Trump/Clinton wedding picture gets a lot of play but these are also really nice 
fmanjoo 
TerryMcCracken I didn't imply you were a Trump supporter. I just meant that I'm not here to help any candidates. 
Now that's a good tweet 
teacherman04 You don't know very much about your candidate 
Looks like he decided not to obey the dictate from Democratic pundits that he must no longer critique his opponent 
GOP's most disgraced extremists amp; war criminals exploiting Trump denunciations to re-enter the Circle of Decency 
JAMyerson No, but it suggests there's a real investigation that someone with meaningful influence is at least taking seriously. 
TerryMcCracken I'm not a campaign operative. I'm not here to "help" your candidate. 
LemieuxLGM Exactly. He just doesn't hide it. He's their id. Just a few exceptions 
It's been clear for many, many years what Donald Trump is 
jvagle That is a very big component of establishment unity against Trump 
It's the Warmongers, Torturers, and Neocons Against Trump Club 
MikeMadden From my Twitter feed during his speech, lots of Dems seemed  
Is there a Plan B for this if this goes bad? Or is it just: close your eyes amp; ignore it amp; it will go away. 
willcarless 
willcarless You realize that Jeb is George W's brother, right? And that Trump viciously attacked them both? 
Even George W Bush would have been more effective in that role than Mitt Romney. 
masterscreek It's a quote from Mitt Romney. Have a friend explain it to you. 
"I spent my life in the private sector - not quite as successful as this guy" - Mitt Romney, 2012, pointing to Trump 
Romney 2012: "Donald Trump has shown an extraordinary ability to understand how our economy works, to create jobs" 
Here's the 6-minute video of Romney amp; Trump together in 2012, covered live by pbsnewshour 
marshall5912 jaminvanderberg So weird. Why would Sargon_of_Akkad call me that there and now deny it here? 
Romney is a long-time advocate of torture 
Romney using Trump's unreleased tax returns to insinuate serious wrongdoing is amazing 
All those nice Democrats ready to cheer for Romney until listening to that 3-minute riff on the Clintons.... 
"Romneys speech reminds me a bit of Blairs desperate and ineffective effort to derail Corbyn" - DanielLarison 
How do you know your political system is in crisis? When Mitt Romney is its hoped-for savior. 
CarlBeijer I promise you that you've never had a student like speechboy71 
The FOIA request that produced the docs that the internet's densest people are claiming we "hacked" amp; "pilfered" 
caulkthewagon I can't recall the last time I encountered criticisms driven by stupidity levels this high. 
karnoa Sargon_of_Akkad jaminvanderberg ggreenwald You're lying. You can't comprehend difference b/w "I dislike X's speech" amp; suppression 
magicbravosolo MonaHol You have no idea what FOIA is or how it works. That's fine, but maybe that means you shouldn't opine on it. 
magicbravosolo 
MadYuppie Right: the vast majority of Americans pay little to no attention to political matters 
magicbravosolo Do you understand why they were required to be produced through FOIA? Explain that. 
Follow annamphillips of the Tampa Bay Times for tweet-coverage of the Hogan v. Gawker trial that is both funny and incisive. 
Always worth remembering how completely disconnected most people are from the conversations of political journalists 
onekade It originated with this genius, paid by your city's paper to write: 
We all encounter stupidity on the internet, but having people claim we "hacked" amp; "pilfered" emails WE GOT FROM A FOIA REQUEST is special. 
MaxBlumenthal joshuafoust Neither does this genius from whom he copied his ideas 
CoreyRobin That's why I solicited someone kind and patient to try it! 
EdgeofSports That's a huge compliment. He was inspirational. 
RIP William Schaap: left Wall Street law firm to use his legal skills for the highest purposes 
haaretzcom They weren't "leaked." They were produced by Voice of America as part of a FOIA request. 
mckeay Kittfornow Certainly seemed like you were accepting his premise amp; saying: corps are even worse. If not, I apologize: misunderstood 
jennifermcc6 
mckeay Are you also actually too stupid to understand the emails were obtained through FOIA request? Does your brain let you process that? 
tobuehl It helps, but I honestly think both are too stupid to understand why what they're saying is so false. So they'll double down 
WalesCheema Do you think we should have it blink as a .gif in red letters? 
What does one do in the face of stupidity and dishonesty that extreme? 
1) A FOIA request was submitted to VOA. 2) VOA produced emails. 3) We published them 4) Josh Foust amp; SpeechBoy: THE INTERCEPT HACKED EMAILS! 
He's talking about emails from a government agency PRODUCED AS PART OF A FOIA REQUEST: lying or just stupidity? 
From The Dept of Things Democrats Don't Discuss 
DougHenwood speechboy71 Honestly, I have trouble hating him like others do because his overriding attribute is simple stupidity. 
How can someone able to turn on a computer, let alone get paid by the Boston Globe, not understand this???? 
samknight1 He's also literally too stupid to understand that the emails were produced under FOIA because it was with a VOA employee. 
daveaitel daveweigel Right, that's the whole point. 
cplsyed That's the point. 
DougHenwood Among the many horrible parts of Trump's success: reinforces Dem self-righteousness amp; destroys any chance for self-reflection 
Pretty remarkable 
TylerGreenDC If your campaign were about railing against selfish establishment plutocrats, what better mascot than Mitt Romney? 
TylerGreenDC Anyone who regards Romney as credible isn't voting for Trump. It can only fuel Trump's support. 
With Jeb! gone, there's nothing better for Trump than to have Romney be as public as possible. 
pourmecoffee realDonaldTrump It's so true: his tweets are so much better when they have those at the end. 
Brazilian judge orders Facebook executive released; calls his arrest "unlawful coercion" 
Read former Guardian reporter Jonathan_K_Cook on the significance of the VOA/Josh-Block emails for Israel debate 
Could someone kind amp; patient explain to speechboy71 what "FOIA" is amp; to whom it applies? Thank you. 
Secret video emerges of Wall Street donors, neocons amp; GOP officials devising their master plan to finally Stop Trump 
The way to finally undermine Trump's anti-establishment support is have Mitt Romney denounce him: that's the plan? 
MarioMangiameli Yes, you're correct: the person JoshBlockDC is publicly smearing as a "Jew hater," rulajebreal, is married to a Jew. 
JustinRaimondo That last paragraph was prescient. It's absolutely what's happening now. 
It cannot not be noted too often: neocons were eying support for Clinton long *before* Trump 
Same trend ZaidJilani reported on last week, leading dumb people to claim TI endorsed Trump 
The dumbest people on the internet are trying to claim this is an endorsement of Trump 
Popehat I heard he once said bad things about McCain - probably holding this as an Oct Surprise but so devastating may be worth trying now 
Popehat The one thing that hasn't yet been tried is demonstrating that he's less than honest and consistent. 
The surviving brother of Baby Ali, now an orphan.... 
NuritBaytch RaniaKhalek "Now that makes sense!" - JoshBlockDC, being told she was booked for her looks. 
FluorescentGrey rulajebreal JoshBlockDC VOANews That's the most natural combination ever. 
The rules governing how Secret Service agents work for political candidates needs serious re-visiting ASAP.... 
Is it commendable at all when someone is so open about their own inadequacies this way, or is it purely shameful? 
rulajebreal the_intercept Along those lines, check out the update to the article. 
A response to being publicly smeared by former AIPAC spokesman JoshBlockDC as a "Jew hater" 
Jamie_Weinstein You're honestly boring me too much to even muster the energy for me to respond. Thanks for checking in. 
Jamie_Weinstein The producer is named. That you're fine with what Josh Block said about Rula says a lot about you, nothing about the story 
DanaHoule And I don't edit the Intercept. Its editor-in chief is Betsy Reed. She may be just a girl to you but she - not me - edits it. 
DanaHoule Whether you blocked him is irrelevant. Citing his articles and lying and attributing them to me is dishonest and demeaning to him 
DanaHoule You're a particularly concentrated amp; vivid mix of all things heinous about Dem operatives, so it's worth occasionally bashing. 
DanaHoule Also, don't mistake what a handful of Twitter friends tell you for general perceptions. Nobody cares about your Twitter exchanges 
DanaHoule I think it's vile you decide to pretend non-write writers don't exist and I must dictate what they say. 
DanaHoule You read his article, looked at this name, decided to act like he doesn't exist, and pretended I wrote/edited it. Very telling. 
ZaidJilani Note how Dem operative DanaHoule thinks it's OK to erase your existence amp; attribute your articles to me 
ryanlcooper I hope Secretary Clinton read all the updates. That would be rude not to. 
ryanlcooper Check out this post, shared by two fantastic people 
EliClifton MazMHussain Ugh. Adding that as an update. 
Johngcole Even for the world of political operatives, David Brock is a uniquely slimy piece of shit. 
kampeas Danke 
Johngcole Yes, but it's become sadly common in general 
JustinRaimondo Stop, Justin. I didn't advocate for 100 estate tax. It was the use of Twitter hyperbole to express my disgust at those pics 
kampeas Come on, Ron. In any event: we published the full email exchange in the article for anyone to read amp; did little to characterize it. 
JustinRaimondo Those Trump boys are rich and can fly around world slaughtering animals because of their daddy's money. 
NathanKleinDC You think they way they discussed Rula Jebreal is appropriate and acceptable? 
kampeas Block in response to comments about wanting her on because of her looks: "Now that makes sense!" 
JustinRaimondo I've been loudly noting the Trump/neocon split amp; their support for HRC. Tweet was disgust about trophy hunting amp; nepotism. 
partiallypro You can't really be so dense as to think that's an accurate summary of that tweet. 
Liberty_4_Us I didn't say I favored it. I said those pics are the best arguments in favor. But inheritances are generally corrupting. 
JustinRaimondo You're going to spend the next 8 months scouring the internet for any negative mention of Trump and His Family? 
These photos are among the most compelling arguments in favor of a 100 estate tax 
Hard to believe that (a) Fox won't now follow amp; (b) conservatives/Republicans generally won't. 
Demeaning, Sexist Emails About RulaJebreal Between Ex-AIPAC Spokesman JoshBlockDC and VOANews Producer 
daguro I appreciate your personal obsession with me and find it genuinely flattering, but I didn't write or edit that article. 
A for effort! 
My favorite part of Carson's candidacy was his regular derision of Geneva Conventions as "Political Correctness" 
Regular The_Intetcept debut of one of the nation's best political cartoonists... 
Smartypants60 Great point. History showed that Ike, Reagan amp; W were total liberal-cartoon simpletons who posed no political threat at all 
Liberals condescendingly underestimating political skills of adversaries (Ike, Reagan, W, now Trump) is a historical, enduring problem 
AndyKindler There are lots of smart liberals expressing warnings about not under-estimating Trump 
NeedellAllan joanwalsh I've seen lots of criticisms of Clinton - very few about her intellect, amp; I'd regard such attacks as absurd. 
joanwalsh Same with Obama: her extremely *high intellect amp; knowledge can't be reasonably questioned. I've personally seen little of that. 
onekade Close, but that's way more orderly than the actual house 
nmmichalak I'm not suggesting those polls are decisive or even valuable: only that the certainty Clinton is more electable is data-free. 
Karl Rove's descent from uber-powerful Machiavellian super-genius White House Commander to always-wrong cable news clown was notably swift. 
nmmichalak "I obsessively read Vox and 538 and so now I'm an infallible expert in understanding politics through data." 
jgots Sigh. NO. Point is how pundits use stray comments from people with no platform to draw broad, sweeping, self-serving political points 
ScottYeager2 froomkin SenWarren Who is doing that, specifically? 
jgots I didn't make any generalization. I'm talking about a tactic pundits amp; commentators are using to make dubious points. 
This is an awesome story 
It's "Mr. Trump" 
jgots The hazards of making points on Twitter: you're misinterpreting the point. 
paynchOm You didn't remotely understand the tweet to which you're responding. 
jgstudes I'm talking about this specific tactic: drawing broad, self-serving conclusions based on stray, mean comments from tweeters. 
To avoid authoritarianism, Dems must fall in line behind the Leader and cease criticizing her henceforth.... 
jgstudes No: this vapid, self-absorbed, slothful analytical tactic is quickly permeating other venues. 
Eliasthorsson It's partly self-absorption (the mean thing this person said to me is *so significant* amp; unique) and part laziness 
I'd estimate well over 50 of "political analysis" on Twitter is based on citation of stupid, ugly tweets from obscure, anonymous people. 
AndyKindler The person who wrote that is Obama's long-time speechwriter: 1) - 2) 
Oh, good. Sanders is allowed to keep running! (provided he doesn't criticize the candidate he's running against) 
Democrats getting nervous after Trump's press conference, for good reason. It was skillful, a sign of what's coming: 
Not just a substantive turn to the center but a behavioral one, too. 
jeremyscahill From 2014, long before Trump 
100. It's so uncomfortable to observer 
Johngcole He's a winner. We're going to win again. 
daveweigel Can it really be that what the media is focused on isn't what voters care about? That doesn't sound plausible. 
Yes, makes sense 
David Axelrod claims GOP/DC establishment prefers Trump to Cruz. Not sure. 
chrislhayes How does that help GOP elites? They hate Cruz at least as much and he's less electable than Trump. 
mattduss Which is a big reason they hate him with such all-consuming force. 
The people who told him to do this get paid a massive amount of money for their strategic advice. 
John King works at the Magic Wall 
Not sure that's going to be the big game-changer for Rubio 
adamjohnsonNYC So transparent, so vapid - which is fine: that's strategy - but liberal pundits will treat it as profound amp; inspirational 
thegarance And: both of whom are extremely rich. 
EZitrin They're telling pollsters they want candidates who have nothing to do with the GOP establishment, that's what they like about Trump 
EZitrin It's really tempting but cheap amp; lazy to assume people with different political views are stupid, primitive and mindless. 
GregDjerejian Kind of hard to ignore at this point. 
That was the canary in the mine that they all chose to ignore. 
Imagine what it must be like to be part of the GOP establishment and see so vividly how much most GOP voters hate you. 
ishaantharoor I enjoyed watching the evolution of your review of that article in real-time 
There is "no trace in any of the video clips" that the black students ordered to leave did anything wrong.... 
The pretense of GOP elites that Trump is so anathema to their precious Party is laughable: he *is* their Party: 
US is in its 15th year of War in Afghanistan amp; it's barely been mentioned in the entire campaign by charliearchy 
Oh, wow - so this is about more than just "one phone"? Who knew? 
Hard-core militarist amp; neocon MaxBoot: "I disagree with Hillary a lot less than I disagree with Donald Trump." 
nycsouthpaw mattdpearce "So before we get to my deficit plan: a nun, a rabbi, and an imam walk into a stripper club...." 
True. Most of Silicon Valley were full-scale NSA collaborators before. Now eager to show pro-privacy bona fides. 
Read this short freddiedeboer post on how many media figures amp; liberals are attempting to combat Trumpism 
tlsmith1963 reihan I agree, but there's a perception Dem voters are falling in line behind Clinton, whereas Trump looks to be winning 
ChMadar sysprog3 It sucks. It's the same way he quit blogging back in the day: abruptly, with little explanation. 
As ThePlumLineGS suggests, DC elites love to denounce Trump, but don't love to examine what explains its appeal 
Nothing is less credible than GOP elites acting as though Trump's tactics are totally foreign amp; shocking to them 
Disagree with much of it but at least reihan tries to grapple w/causes of Trumpism rather than merely denounce it 
JustinRaimondo the_intercept Feel free to complain to the person who wrote it. 
This should at least endear him to the neocons 
Part of why the DC amp; GOP establishments have unified against Trump: 
ron_fournier nickconfessore But that's true of all OTR candidate interviews. Only reason to do it: they say things they won't to public. 
ron_fournier nickconfessore I don't disagree but it's almost never done. I addressed that in my article on this: 
ron_fournier nickconfessore I genuinely don't understand the argument for making part of a candidate interview OTR. What's the rationale? 
DavidMizner CoreyRobin I agree, but it's all relative. There's been so little reporting making clear what a disaster it is amp; her key role. 
US State Dept names Goldman Sachs a finalist for 2015 Awards for Corporate Excellence: Environmental Sustainability 
DavidMizner CoreyRobin Any focus on Libya amp; Clinton's central role in it is something they regard as bad. It wasn't perfect but not awful. 
Wasserman-Schultz Joins GOP Attack On Elizabeth Warren's Agency -Her challenger: Tim_Canova 
Pretty extreme, among other things: Brazil arrests Facebook executive in row over police access to data 
nickconfessore I totally agree with you. But I also think it's problematic that a NYT editor in that room "decided to blab" - don't you? 
nickconfessore But that's not exonerating, is it? Journalists who guarantee OTR protections have a duty to safeguard that. 
nickconfessore I don't assume that. I actually suggested that this could easily be due to negligence and "gossiping". 
aaltman82 LOL. Oh, dear. 
aaltman82 The "Washington correspondent for Time magazine" sees "DC elites" and instantly thinks: "oh no! He's talking about me!!" 
Apologies: I'm going to just post this picture one more time in a (likely futile) attempt to forget about it 
mattyglesias I actually noticed that - surprised he'd call his pronouncements that. Sigh: everyone's a blogger now. 
Austan_Goolsbee Do you feel that your 2007 NYT Op-Ed held up well? 
Will Lawrence H. Summers' anti-Trump Op-Ed in The Washington Post be the force that finally dooms Trump? Fatal? 
DC elites only understand "right v. left" - not "inside v. outside": even though latter distinction is often crucial 
Former Guantanamo Commander Ignores Summons From French Court Probing Torture 
stevehwilson robertwrighter Which data is better to use for this? 
People love to use data in political arguments: until they don't 
caulkthewagon That'd be awesome! I'd hang it proudly. 
caulkthewagon Hayden heaped praise on NYT Wash Bureau Chief Phillip Taubmann, who suppressed stories for him. How embarrassing. 
Always understated, that one 
Today: Austan_Goolsbee mocks Trump for not foreseeing mortgage crisis. 2007: mocks those warning of mortgage crisis 
GregDjerejian Yes. Honestly, I think that's a very common attribute for successful national politicians: just more glaring with him. 
I love when Ted Cruz - Harvard Law grad amp; husband of Goldman, Sachs partner (Harvard MBA) - does the "rail-against-East-Coast-elites" shtick 
Yes 
YaelTAbouhalkah Why? It's very unlikely that either Cruz or Rubio will be the GOP nominee. 
ianking51 Without commenting on Rubio, there has been a positive correlation between being closeted amp; wanting to oppress LGBTs: eg Roy Cohn 
New CNN poll: Clinton trails Cruz amp; Rubio, while Sanders leads each by big margins 
The New York Times' Strange Behavior in the Controversy Over Trump's Off-The-Record Comments 
But the CNN poll has Clinton losing to both Rubio amp; Cruz, while Sanders is far ahead of each of them. 
mcurryfelidae07 mldemmons I could spend all day filling in that sign. 
mldemmons Me, too: I assumed at first it was photo-shopped, and then when I saw it wasn't, it was rather confusing. 
I bet many people who see this picture first think: I admire Rubio's courage in publicly acknowledging this 
Politics is weird.... 
TheCycleCode What are you talking about???? What do I want the court to "do for me"? 
TheCycleCode Totally false. Every judge in the country recognizes limits to judicial power. It has nothing to do with originalism. 
Court doesn't believe Govt that it wants authority only for 1 iPhone: FBI wants broad power 
Court destroyed Govt's claim that US citizen or company has "duty" to assist investigations 
BREAKING: Apple Wins Major Court Victory in its Battle Against FBI in a Case Similar to San Bernardino 
Secret Service is stating that it's one of their agents.... 
He somehow made his sons even worse .... 
davidcrotts Yes, but he was against the war. The others were for it. 
Also a good question for Newt Gingrich, Rush Limbaugh, Dick Cheney, Bill Kristol, Karl Rove, Dan Quayle, etc. 
Yoo secretly argued what later became article of faith for Obama supporters: 4th Amendment doesn't cover metadata 
New 2002 John Yoo letter on why Bush had the right to eavesdrop on Americans with no warrants in violation of a law 
It is indeed. But also incredibly common 
MaxBlumenthal AliAbunimah PhilWeiss MattDuss Also: 
IndyForTheGuy mattdpearce 
CallMarcus stevenportnoy SecretService He said that happened *after*, to show reporters how he was choked. 
caulkthewagon They have been - 
thegarance froomkin Right. He could easily be lying to NYT to make himself seem more reasonable by secretly assuring them he won't do it. 
allenvwin Correct 
McCormackJohn mattdpearce Good lesson. 
froomkin But the only reason for allowing the OTR part is to let candidates say things to NYT that they wouldn't say to the public. 
It's the authoritarian mind in its pure form... 
McCormackJohn mattdpearce It's been widely reported as such - - amp; that's a recurring issue 
EricBoehlert It's all been reported as Secret Service, and it's a recurring issue - 
SlipperySG It's absolutely not their job and the Secret Service itself says it is not 
Here's clearer video of Secret Service agent at Trump rally slamming TIME photographer to the ground ht mattdpearce 
Pretty scandalous: the Secret Service is enforcing Trump's restrictive "press pen" policies 
FluorescentGrey She was State Dept spokesperson under Clinton. 
ChrisCaesar The news reports I've read say that, and he does have it. 
Is it really the proper role of the Secret Service to enforce Trump's restrictive "press pen" rules? 
Why does the NYT have an off-the-record portion of its candidate interviews? Once they do that, why do they leak it? 
FluorescentGrey She also hired his wife 
Yes, it's very worth asking why this is. It was also planned/predicted long before Trump: 
Read ToryAnarchist's time-line on part of what is driving Trump's appeal. 
Much needed reporting 
LibyaLiberty I would do anything for you 2 to have a regular show debating politics. On the road. 
say_splendid That's because MattBruenig, unbeknownst to many, is a data nerd who has pioneered algorithmic campaign predictions. 
This war is as brutal and ugly as it is non-existent in US discourse.... 
JAMyerson That tweet scared me until I saw the hashtag. 
charlescwcooke ThePlumLineGS RobGeorge If you knew abstaining or voting for a 3rd party would elect Clinton, would you still do it? 
CosmicAmericana Yes, that was part of emmettrensin's point. It was mostly low-hanging fruit, not some brilliant exposition. 
TreeRol He did a great job with that, but that's pretty low-hanging fruit. 
The gap between the professional media and huge numbers of Americans who vote has never been larger or more glaring. 
edroso Do you feel this is a game-changer? 
SJHRhetoric Well, he grounded those predictions in past empirical data. 
Not to single anyone out, but this hasn't been a great campaign for data journalists so far 
Eliasthorsson No, which is why the attempt to use ugly comments from obscure Twitter users to demonize Sanders campaign was so dishonest. 
This is from one of Clinton's most devoted Twitter supporters, but for some reason it hasn't spawned think pieces... 
The key lesson of "Spotlight" - from NYT review by aoscott 
Those whose entire foreign policy depends on close relations with Gulf tyrants masquerade as democracy advocates 
Read CharlesMBlow on the  activist who challenged Hillary Clinton's "super-predator" comments amp; crime record 
A supporter of Hillary Clinton responds to NaomiKlein's critique of Clinton's climate policies... 
emptywheel onekade NaomiAKlein Bro_Pair They literally believe it's inappropriate or worse to express any criticisms of Hillary Clinton. 
A man who has spent a full year demonizing anyone who questions Clinton as sexist gets a taste of his own medicine 
armandodkos OK, thanks! 
TulsiGabbard on why she resigned as DNC Vice- Chair to endorse Sanders: Clinton's extreme militarism amp; love of war 
armandodkos Why would I be worried about it? You're trying to imply I want Trump to be President? 
edroso He's one of the founding members 
No. It's just a more vivid, honest, mask-free expression of the conservative world as we knew it... 
One of the best films ever illustrating the highest purpose of journalism..... 
"Wait, the people we fantasized we were leading don't care at all about our principles amp; ideas"? - Sad, confused conservative intelligentsia 
Fascinating: in both US amp; UK, party establishment endlessly preaches duty of Party Loyalty - until someone they dislike leads the party. 
nroshita Awesome! Feel free to send it. 
AJDelgado13 They've also been beholden to big money/big-corp interests while pretending to serve the interests of ordinary people. 
Who does he mean???? 
Are there any GOP/conservative leaders anywhere asking what they did to cultivate an electorate that finds Trump so appealing? 
Unintentionally revealing statement from Gov. Nikki Haley 
It's stunning, though not surprising, how steadfastly Clinton's militarism has been ignored by progressives so far 
freddiedeboer The cavalcade of lobbyists, neocons and militarists forming her foreign policy team will be beyond extreme. 
Probably worth noting: the NYT also played a pretty big role in the Libya disaster - 
NYT today with a long, detailed examination of the central role played by Hillary Clinton in the Libya disaster 
Austerity_Sucks He will run to her left on many things for sure. It's hard to know for sure, but I see Berlusconi/Modi as a model, too. 
mattyglesias It's actually way harder to alienate them to any point that matters than to not alienate them. 
Fox's "standing among Republican viewers, influenced by Mr. Trumps offensive, has dropped to a three-year low" 
Austerity_Sucks Cernovich The funny/weird part is the tweet quotes Trump saying it. 
Fitzchiv15 Cernovich Austerity_Sucks I'm trying to make my ego smaller by following Trump's example. 
Kittfornow It becomes a biological addiction, which is good. Exercising sucks, so it's good to find something you actually like. 
Kittfornow Yeah, every day - it's a virtual addiction, but a good one. 
Cernovich Yes, I'll talk about any presidential candidate hyping the defining philosophy of Mussolini. Is he off-limits from critique now? 
ByronYork ilduce2016 He seems to have really liked the quote. 
Donald Trump just re-tweeted a parody account depicting him as Mussolini, with one of Il Duce's best-known quotes 
BernardKeane davidsirota That's an interesting fact that I didn't know. 
That's actually an interesting historical question.... 
That's exactly what Reagan did, engineered by neocons. So maybe there's hope for a GOP/neocon/Trump rapprochement. 
LibyaLiberty 
LibyaLiberty You're arguing about politics with Aaron Carter. 
staringispolite The entire crux of the Dem position on Citizens United is that corporate donations are inherently corrupting of the process 
staringispolite Yes, I clarified I meant: the Dem establishment supporting Clinton. The difference isn't invalid but dynamic is the same. 
jonallendc jonfavs It's been true since humans wielded power that powerful people are surrounded by sycophants 
staringispolite She has been personally enriched, and her campaign is being financed, by the very people she claims she will restrict. 
victoriajbd BernieSanders Right: I meant the party establishment defending Clinton. 
jonallendc jonfavs 1) Who denies that she's nice to the sycophants who work near her? 2) Who gives a shit? 
Read Atrios' one paragraph of truth on the "humanitarians" who wanted to bomb Libya 
How can Dems object to Scalia taking trips from corps w/cases before the court? Isn't their 2016 arg that taking corporate $  doing favors? 
ScottyB330 mtracey jonfavs If that's the stuff you want to take into account when deciding who to vest with huge power, feel free. 
mtracey jonfavs I feel that their use of frosting needs a lot more exposition, as that really shows creativity amp; authenticity of concern. 
mtracey jonfavs Did he even bother to call the Sanders campaign amp; ask whether Bernie surprises with birthday cakes? 
Ex-Obama-speechwriter jonfavs wrote an article urging Hillary's election amp; said this 
Lawyer Chris Christie of course knows how dumb amp; dangerous this is. But when you're shameless, nothing matters... 
RaniaKhalek AliAbunimah You make a good point on her use of bigotry but fail to consider: 
digby56 If you are running for President and end up having to say "I'm not a little boy," that's not a good sign 
Had forgotten about this, but: yep.... 
billmon1 Johngcole freddiedeboer JonathanCohn Please stop it. I genuinely can't take that column amp; am trying hard to forget it exists. 
KitTraverse Johngcole billmon1 JonathanCohn She's seeking massive power. Of course we're going to scrutinize amp; critique her 
Johngcole billmon1 freddiedeboer JonathanCohn That one is special. 
Johngcole billmon1 freddiedeboer JonathanCohn Yeah - in fairness, he talks about that. 
billmon1 freddiedeboer JonathanCohn The real question now to be investigated: does Bernie surprise with cakes or make calls upon a death? 
billmon1 freddiedeboer JonathanCohn He's an Obama veteran amp; speechwriter so knows this is pure reality TV show 
W_Runnymede Those of us who actually work to defend free speech understand difference b/w agreeing w/a view amp; supporting its suppression 
W_Runnymede Yes, it is. You tried to depict me as a supporter of speech suppression but can only do that by outright lying. 
He was fired for lying and fabricating Marco Rubio's words - then immediately hired by MSNBC. 
So did the prior one 
W_Runnymede You're lying. Also: any time you want to compare the work we've done defending free speech, let me know. 
I wasn't really a big fan of this tweet when it was first posted, but it's really grown on me.... 
itsBIB It should be disclosed to the viewers when they're getting payments from the people on whom they're commenting. This is basic. 
Yep. That illustrates how Christie amp; Trump (amp; Giuliani) have similar authoritarian streaks... 
AngelaMilanese That's awesome. Combining stray dogs and tennis is basically my conception of heaven. 
itsBIB Are you illiterate? The article has nothing at all to do with journalists having opinions. 
itsBIB No, idiot: I don't claim to be objective and free of bias. Exactly the opposite. 
This was Chris Christie's best moment of his career - couldn't be more at odds with Trump's demagoguery on Muslims 
I'd say "pressured" rather than "emboldened" - but: yes. 
When media corruption is so pervasive that they don't even bother to address it because they all do it.... 
chrislhayes Sorry - deleted due to Trump-like typo! Then re-posted. 
Giuliani is very much the same - makes a perfect addition to that little group 
Yes 
Prolonged solitary confinement = torture 
WaqarVick I only saw some vague references to it on Twitter. Is there a transcript or video? 
And then he invaded Panama, killing thousands, to show how un-wimpy he was 
Please. His campaign manager was Lee Atwater and he won with Willie Horton ads. 
FrankConniff Actually, I sent you the wrong link - I meant this article 
FrankConniff Thanks. I appreciate that. I highly recommend this article if you haven't already read it: 
wc521usa Yeah, that's totally comparable. Really brilliant point. 
It's one thing to support Clinton. NYT Ed Page still does. It's another to say: I think she should keep her $250K speeches to Wall St secret 
ethaniacobozzi I totally agree. It's to their credit. 
thejdubble So you think Ted Cruz should set the ethical standards by which Clinton should conduct herself? You don't want to know? 
"Voters have every right to know what Clinton told these groups" - NYT Editorial Page: does *anyone* contest this? 
NYT Editorial Page - which endorsed Clinton - on Clinton, today 
BillBaggins96 They said they would support Clinton over Trump. Could that be clearer? Blair said he supports her against everyone. 
Always worth listening to. And reading his novels .... 
David747Heavy He said he'd vote Clinton over Trump 
busbyj2 I've repeatedly said there is no circumstance under which I'd support Trump. Your reasoning skills need work. 
So far she has Max Boot, Robert Kagan and Tony Blair, with praise from Kissinger. When will Bill Kristol endorse? 
I'll probably be pointing out every day yet another neocon declaring support for Clinton over Trump 
FrankConniff How can you publicly claim I said racism wasn't a huge part of Trump's appeal when I explicitly said the exact opposite? 
Atrios Will_Bunch It was somewhat bipartisan, but not completely - 
Atrios Will_Bunch Which is really weird since it was all done out of the deepest concern for The Libyan People. 
Will_Bunch She hasn't had to defend it hardly at all. I really wonder how she will. It's caused massive instability in multiple regions. 
From August, 2011: Presume this would be a big issue in Trump v. Clinton 
Our Friends and Allies in the Region 
robertdiab normative Thanks - am actually writing my current book on a very related topic: super helpful 
Also, Trump is again beating Rubio amp; Cruz combined... 
How terrorism fears are being exploited in Europe to criminalize political speech 
slipcases SocialIssueNews Karl Rove ghost-wrote these books - - 
chayesmatthew Is there a transcript? 
The machinery that has been built for him by both parties.... 
Looking forward to hearing from the jouranlists who have tried to focus the 2016 election on behavior of supporters 
How Clinton donors reacted when  activist confronted her with her past comments 
Think of all the interviews Clinton has done this year: she was never once asked about the "super-predator" comments 
When is the last time an outside activist movement has so profoundly influenced a presidential race the way BLM has? 
gehirnforschung Definitely not on favorability, and not when multiple polls are compiled. 
evanbirnholz Why are people so angry????? 
