text 
There's so much talk about process and politics -- how about 'who will actually do a good job as president'? 
Tune in this morning to see John Kasich! 
Appreciate your support, Mr. Reagan! 
Make sure you tune in tomorrow AM! 
Another fantastic Utah crowd, this time in St. George.  
It's almost time to vote, Utah! Find your caucus location amp; remember who can win in November (hint: JohnKasich) 
But let me be clear, any SCOTUS candidate who doesn't respect the 2nd amendment would be a non-starter. -John 2/2 
As president, it will be my duty to give proper consideration to all legitimate SCOTUS candidates. -John 1/2 
Real experience that will make America proud. 
Only one of these candidates can defeat Hillary Clinton. Join our team: 
Now that's a welcome! JohnKasich's message is resonating in Utah.  
On Tuesday JohnKasich received more votes than any other candidate in an Ohio Republican primary EVER. As goes Ohio, so goes the nation. 
Want to win in November? So do we. Only JohnKasich can defeat Hillary in November. 
cbs says JohnKasich is the ONLY candidate who can stop Trump. See why: 
Airing NOW: Watch JohnKasich on MSBNC hardball_chris. 
What was true last week remains true today: Conservative record of accomplishments Can defeat Hillary in Nov  
Don't miss JohnKasich on MSNBC's Hardball w/ Chris Matthews tonight at 7PM EDT! hardball_chris 
Remember, only John Kasich can win in November. 
John Kasich has proved them wrong before. He'll prove them wrong again. 
You should hear this great story that reflects the kind of leadership John Kasich will provide as president. 
Who's ready to take on the immense responsibility that is the presidency? There's only one. John Kasich. 
Per RCP, in swing states where all three candidates have been polled vs Clinton, Cruz and Trump lose OH, PA and NH. Kasich wins all three. 
Just one candidate is in a strong position to defeat Hillary Clinton in November. John Kasich. 
"They said it couldn't be done. And we proved them wrong." 
I have faith the American people want civilized debate over violence. It's what's kept our nation the strongest in the world. (4/4) -John 
A true leader urges peaceful debate over violence. Leadership requires responsibility (3/4) -John 
This implicit acceptance of violence is the kind of rhetoric that's pulling people apart. (2/4) -John 
Donald Trump said there could be riots if he's "denied" the GOP nom in a contested convention. That's more unacceptable language.(1/4) -John 
MAJOR UTAH ENDORSEMENT: Utah's fmr. 3-term GovMikeLeavitt is backing John Kasich for president. 
ASSOCIATED PRESS: [Ted Cruz] has no realistic path to win a majority during the primaries. -staff 
2 of our ads began airing in Utah today! Check them out: "America: Never Give Up" "Healing" 
NEW VIDEO: All the way to Cleveland! 
Tune in now to see John Kasich's event LIVE in Philadelphia! 
John Kasich's visit to Philadelphia has drawn overflow crowds. Incredible response! 
That moment when you win a major primary state and everything changes. 
Thanks for all your help, Governor! 
Game changer. Join the fight. 
Want to defeat Hillary Clinton? 
Check out to see where we're heading next. 
"We must never underestimate our ability to change the world." 
"It's been my intention to make you proud." 
Here we go, America. Chip in and let's march onward to victory. 
Victory. Join our team as we march on. -John 
How John Kasich waits for election night results. 
Make no mistake, MarcoRubio will continue to be a powerful voice for the future of our Republican party. -John 
1 hour to go, Ohio! Schwarzenegger wants you to get to the polls! 
Vote for a stronger America. Vote for John Kasich. 
Two hours to go, Ohio. Remember what OSUCoachMeyer said. 
3 hours until polls close! As long as you are in line by 7:30 you can still vote. Find your voting location here: 
By far, John Kasich is in the best position to defeat Clinton in Nov. and return a conservative to the White House. 
OSUCoachMeyer confirms what Ohioans already know: JohnKasich's leadership has restored hope to the Buckeye State. 
John Kasich doesn't just shake things up -- he gets results. Show your support amp; chip in: 
This is unacceptable. Our nation deserves a president who respects the sacrifices made by our fellow Americans. 
You will want to see what John Kasich had to say after voting this morning in Ohio. 
400,000+ new jobs. Hope amp; self-sufficiency for 400,000+ families. That's the Kasich record.  
John Kasich just voted. Have you? Find your voting location here: 
Calling all high-road Buckeyes! Now is the time to fight for civility amp; make Ohio proud. The world is watching. 
Looking for a Reagan conservative, America? You've found him. ReaganWorld  
John Kasich is the ONLY candidate who's brought jobs back to Ohio from Mexico. He can do the same for America. 
Today is the day! Let's make our voice heard! Ohio, find your voting location here: 
It's your time, Ohio. Watch John Kasich's election eve message to voters. Learn More: 
John Kasich RIGHT NOW speaking to his hometown supporters. Check out to watch live. 
Check out John Kasich's hometown election eve rally in Westerville: LIVESTREAM: 
Buckle Up. 
Ohio is Kasich Country. 
Honored to get the support of Gov. Tommy Thompson in Wisconsin! 
31 pages of accomplishments as governor. A balanced budget. A $5B tax cut. 400k+ new jobs. A stronger Ohio. 
Tax cuts. Regs freeze. Stopping Illegal Immigration. Balanced budget plan. That's just the 1st 100 days.  
Great to have the coaches on board! O-H! cc: OSUCoachMeyer CoachFick JimTressel5 
Our nation needs a Commander-in-Chief ready on Day One. No candidate is better prepared than John Kasich. 
Thanks robportman amp; JimTressel5 for joining JohnKasich at our morning stop in Youngstown!  
Thanks for your hard work, everyone! 
NEW VID: America's Time to Rise. 
Check out our Facebook live stream from our Youngstown event. Happening NOW: 
What have John Kasich's tax cuts done for Ohio's economy? Ask Heritage's StephenMoore.   
There's still time to RSVP to our events today in N. Canton/Westerville. Click for details: 
One day. Make your voice heard, Ohio! Find out your voting location by clicking here: 
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Join John Kasich and MittRomney TOMORROW for two events. RSVP here: 
Tune in to FoxNews at 10PM ET to watch a re-airing of JohnKasich's 'On the Record' Town Hall w/ greta! 
Kasich works for Ohio, and he'll work for America. Spread the word!  
Gov. Kasich just began tonight's town meeting in Hanoverton, OH. Watch live here: 
Where better to talk about building a stronger America than Strongsville, Ohio?  
The choice is clear. NEW POLL: 
Watch John Kasich LIVE in Strongsville right now: 
Are you ready, Ohio? Find out your voting location by clicking here: 
"No Republican has ever won the WH without winning Ohio." NEW OH POLL: Trump 42, Clinton 48 Kasich 57, Clinton 36 
Facts are facts. Jobs are coming TO Ohio from overseas. 
ALL. FIVE. 
"[John Kasich] has used his unique gifts to help our state in more ways than I can count." 
Speaking of going five for five, that's also what Gov. Kasich has gone on Ohio newspaper endorsements in the state that knows him best. 
Check your local listings: Fox News Sunday CNN State of the Union ABC This Week CBS Face The Nation NBC Meet the Press (2/2) 
Gov. John Kasich will be a guest on ALL FIVE Sunday morning news shows today. (1/2) 
The next person to use this office should make us proud --- all of us. 
Thx to everyone who attended or watched tonight's Mansfield town hall! Watch future events live on our FB page. 
Tune in to MSNBC NOW to see John Kasich's town hall from Lima. 
Shout out to volunteer Kathy Frasher for coming all the way from LA to campaign for JohnKasich in Ohio! 
Enthusiastic response in Heath, OH today to JohnKasich's story of bringing people together to turn Ohio around. 
"I will not take the low road to the highest office in the land" gets John Kasich a 26-second standing ovation. 
Economists agree -- John Kasich is the best candidate to move America's economy ahead. 
Kasich supporters at the Ohio deer amp; turkey expo - sportsmen know John Kasich is an advocate for hunting amp; fishing. 
From Ohioans --- the people who know John Kasich best... 
Donald Trump tries to talk about oil's impact on the Ohio economy. He couldn't be more wrong. 
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio is a top ten job creating state. 417k+ new private sector jobs since Jan 11. Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Stats 
America, this is leadership. 
Engineers know what John Kasich has done for workers in Ohio, here's their message for RealDonaldTrump. 
John Kasich knows what it takes to bring jobs home to America. Because he's actually done it. 
Today, Gov Kasich spoke about the amazing things that happen when we work together, just like we did in Wilmington: 
JohnKasich worked with Ohioans to create 400k+ new jobs after the loss of 350k. Ohio is rising. America can too. 
Avoid the lines. Vote early in-person today until 4, Ohio! Find your voting location here: 
John Kasich is the only candidate who has actually brought jobs HOME from Mexico. 
Gov. Kasich's statement on tonight's events in Chicago. 
Our event at Fuyao in Dayton starts soon. We worked hard to grow our biz environment and bring jobs home to Ohio. 
Thx Senator! Ohio is on the rise. -John 
Thanks for the kind words, Mr. Speaker! Proud to be working together with you for a stronger Ohio. -John 
Want to avoid lines on Tuesday in Ohio? Vote tomorrow! Find your voting location here: 
417k New Jobs. Insourcing jobs to Ohio from Mexico amp; China. Wages Growing Faster Than Nation.  
Why Kasich winning Ohio is so important to stopping Donald Trump. MUST-READ: 
Winning Ohio changes the whole shape of the race. Learn how to help here: 
NEW VID: Rhetoric isn't enough. John Kasich has a plan to bring about the job growth hoped for by so many Americans. 
Huge Kasich event tmrw in the Dayton area where Fuyao is bringing 1,500+ jobs to Ohio. 
O-H! 
Americans are finding out what Ohioans have known for a long time...  
Solutions over rhetoric. That's JohnKasich's record.  
While others prey on the fears of Americans, John Kasich has a plan to address them: 
An important reminder.  
"A strong America is what the entire world is begging for..." John Kasich will make it happen.  
Let's vote for someone who will make our country proud.  
When ForeignPolicy mag asked US Int'l Experts who will be most effective on foreign policy, the answer was clear. 
Our allies are looking to us for strength. Let's give it to them.  
Let's make it happen, America. For our veterans.  
John Kasich is the one candidate who knows what it takes to get our veterans the support they've earned.  
John Kasich is getting it done for veterans in Ohio. He can do the same for America.  
Experience matters. LINK:  
John Kasich has done a lot to help Ohio veterans as they transition to civilian life. Check out 
JohnKasich spent 18 years on the Armed Services Committee. Experience matters.  
Read about John Kasich's relationship with Ohio's Jewish community.  
There's strength in unity, not fear.  
John Kasich is the only candidate who's ready to shake things up in Washington --- and get things done.  
JohnKasich's tax cuts will transform the U.S. economy like they've transformed Ohio's.   
Scoreboard.  
A lot of talk. Here's someone who was willing to take on Washington. And he won.  
It's time to empower the states. Consolidate the Department of Education and bring education home.  
John Kasich was counting in thousands, folks.  
More than 400,000 new jobs in Ohio. No one has been a greater friend to Ohio workers than JohnKasich.  
And we will. 
John Kasich knows how to bring jobs back to America. He's done it before. He can do it again.  
It's time to return power, money amp; influence to the states. How? 
'Nuff said.  
This guy knows a thing or two about winning. Thanks to OSUCoachMeyer for his endorsement of John Kasich! 
The Fuyao jobs win was a gamechanger for the Dayton area. Join us at our rally there tmrw 
As Ohio goes, so goes the nation. 
NEW OHIO GEN ELECTION POLL: Kasich 52, Clinton 37 Trump 40, Clinton 45 Cruz 40, Clinton 45 
Let's get serious about bringing jobs back to the United States. John Kasich has done it before, he'll do it again. 
Listen to OSUCoachMeyer. Vote John Kasich. 
Our national spokesman TDKasich4Us talks about John Kasich's growing momentum and the way forward. 
A strong endorsement by the Cleveland Plain Dealer for John Kasich. 
The Plain Dealer, the Cincinnati Enquirer, and now the Akron Beacon Journal have endorsed John Kasich. 
There are a lot of great opportunities to see John Kasich all across Ohio the next few days. RSVP here today: 
Thanks, Steve! 
Thank you, Senator! Appreciate all your help! 
Coach Urban Meyer OSUCoachMeyer) endorses John Kasich for President! Must-See Vid: "Go win this thing." 
Big Ohio endorsement coming. Stay tuned... 
More support from the state that knows him best. John Kasich wins the Cleveland Plain Dealer endorsement. 
Check out John Kasich's response to Greta's question regarding the Iran deal. Gov. Kasich is ready to lead. 
Check out what Ohio is doing to help veterans get the opportunities they deserve as they transition to civilian life 
Kasich leading in NEW FOX POLL! A Kasich win in Ohio is the only way to prevent Trump from securing the nomination. 
BREAKING: Kasich takes lead in Ohio! 
Check out Gov. Kasich on Cleveland's TheTrivShow: 
Great news from the Tar Heel State! Former NC Gov. Jim Martin has endorsed Gov. Kasich: 
Another packed house in Chicagoland this afternoon! Thanks for having us, Illinois.  
Tune in to Fox News tonight at 7pm! 
Americans deserve a voice they can count on. 
A 26-second standing ovation for John Kasich. 
"Hey Bernie, if you want to give all that free stuff away, how about Ben amp; Jerry's for a year!" 
This is a huge anncmt for SW OH, building on the strong relationship we've developed with Amazon over the past year. 
Illinois voters pack the house ... and multiple floors ... for John Kasich. 
An incredible scene at our morning event in Illinois. 
"[Cleveland] added 23,300 jobs in 2015, the most in any year since 1997..." 
Americans are upset, and rightly so. To get America back on track, we need a proven leader -- we need John Kasich. 
The past eight years have taught us the importance of experienced leadership in the face of dangerous times. 
"I'm going to continue running a positive campaign...and 1 week from tonight we are going to win the state of Ohio." 
"We are going to shift a lot of power, a lot of influence, a lot of money back to where we live." 
"We are going to win Ohio!" 
Tune in now to hear Gov. Kasich's speech to supporters in Ohio. 
Enter our lottery by 11:59pm to win a trip to the  in Miami on Thursday! 
Listen to Gov. Schwarzenegger's msg for caucus voters tonight in Hawaii .... you'll want to hear how he closes it. 
Jobs, jobs, jobs. How does that sound, America? 
Ronald Reagan dreamed of America as a 'shining city on a hill'. We can be that again. cc: ReaganWorld 
Thanks, Mike! 
Thank you to all the voters who came out for our Michigan send-off today. Let's run through the finish line! 
No Republican does better against Hillary Clinton than John Kasich. If we want to win in Nov., vote Kasich today. 
NateFain Thanks for your vote! 
Chip in $10 amp; automatically enter to win a trip to the March 10th   
America can amp; must rise. Watch our new commercial amp; chip in to keep it going strong: 
Ohioans have created 417,700 private sector jobs on John Kasich's watch. Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics 
Thanks, Coach and Megan! 
Watch John Kasich LIVE in Lansing NOW: 
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho amp; Hawaii, find out your polling/caucus location. Show your support for Gov. Kasich: 
Unlike other candidates, John Kasich doesn't just talk about bringing jobs back to America -- he's actually done it. 
Want to defeat Hillary Clinton in November? Nobody is in a better position to do it than John Kasich. 
Lt. Gov. MaryTaylorOH has a message for women voters in Michigan. 
"No state in the last five years has made more progress ... improving its economic jobs climate than Ohio has." 
"Only John Kasich..." 
In Michigan? Get out and vote for experienced, steady leadership! 
You don't want to miss Ohio First Lady KarenKasich's appearance on Fox News from this morning. 
TDKasich4Us was on Fox Business this afternoon explaining why John Kasich's campaign keeps gaining support. 
Chip in $10 and automatically enter to win a trip to the March 10th   
The Kasich Record: This January, 8,624 new Ohio entities filed to do business in Ohio, up 18 from January 11, Kasich's 1st year in office. 
The Kasich Record: Record numbers of new Ohio businesses are being created year after year. Source: OhioSOSHusted 
NEW VID: Michigan voters are ready for a president who knows how to fight and win for them -- John Kasich. 
Strong support in Mississippi for John Kasich! 
This morning at Monroe County Community College, Gov. Kasich shared plans to expand opportunity for young people. 
A federal balanced budget -- Welfare reform -- Ohio on the comeback. John Kasich has delivered time and time again. 
Off to a good start in Michigan today! 
ICYMI, here are highlights from our Battleground Ohio rally with Govs. Kasich amp; Schwarzenegger. 
Wonderful endorsements coming out of Mississippi in advance of Tuesday's primary!  
Thank you, Lt. Governor! 
MUST-SEE new video from today's Battleground Ohio rally with Govs. John Kasich and Arnold Schwarzenegger. 
Gov. Kasich is drawing enormous support from the voters who know him best: Buckeyes. Thx for a great night, Toledo! 
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger endorses John Kasich, an "action hero" for America. 
John Kasich makes his own lane. 
Boom. 5 out of 5 Mississippi newspaper endorsements are for JohnKasich. 
Two governors, one vision for America. Thanks to everyone who made it! Find more events: 
Gov. Kasich talking about how we all -- together -- can strengthen America. 
The scene at our Battleground Ohio rally with Govs. Kasich and Schwarzenegger 
How The Governators make an entrance. 
Our event is about to begin. Tune in here: 
At the Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich rally? Be sure to use our Snapchat filter!  
Endorsed! Thank you, Gov. Schwarzenegger! 
The line. 
We're ready for Govs. Kasich amp; Schwarzenegger at our Battleground Ohio kickoff. Stay tuned for updates. 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich's statement on the passing of Nancy Reagan: 
Ohio, today is the day! See Govs. Kasich and Schwarzenegger in Columbus. Doors open at 2pm: 
Due to ticket demand our Toledo stop early this evening has been moved to the Seagate Convention Centre: 
In case you missed the big news last night, Michael Reagan endorsed John Kasich. 
BREAKING: Michael Reagan endorses John Kasich for President. cc: ReaganWorld 
Momentum. Let's keep it going, Michigan! 
Gov. Kasich is a leader we can trust to get the job done. Take it from someone who worked with him amp; knows him well. 
Michigan, you rock. 
The Detroit debate gave John Kasich a chance to show America his vision for America. The reaction was extraordinary. 
Proud to announce our chairs for 60+ MI counties! The  in Michigan is getting to be...well, huge. 
Thanks for the enthusiastic welcome this morning, Traverse City! Now we head north to the Upper Peninsula. 
Submit your Snapchat filter design by midnight! One will be featured at the Sunday rally /w Gov Schwarzenegger --gt; 
And they keep on coming... The Chicago Sun-Times endorses John Kasich. 
laurenGfrazier Thank you for your vote! 
Watch Gov. John Kasich LIVE right now from Traverse City, MI: 
Speaker newtgingrich on "John Kasich's moment". MUST READ: 
Sorry I missed you, KarenKasich amp; Gov. Schwarzenegger! -John 
RealBenCarson, your message of liberty and opportunity will continue on the trail. Best wishes into the future. -John 
Thanks for your support, Lt. Governor! 
Tune in RIGHT NOW to watch a live  Town Hall in Michigan  
America's strength comes from the people, not from Washington DC.   
Thank you, Lt. Gov. Calley! 
Really incredible demand for our rally with Gov. Schwarzenegger in Cols on Sunday. RSVP: 
Tune in to Fox News tonight! Starts at 9pm! 
NEW REPORT: BLS employment data shows that Ohio continues increasing incomes faster than the nation. 
Thank you both for your support! 
The Cincinnati Enquirer endorses JohnKasich amp; calls him problem-solver our country needs: 
Hillary Clinton as Commander-in-Chief? John Kasich has something to say about that.   
Enter for a chance to meet Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich in Ohio on Sunday!  
John Kasich has a plan to ship power back to the states and balance our nation's budget.   
Standing ovation for John Kasich at  Watch now with seanhannity 
Are you watching John Kasich's rousing speech at  Watch live here: 
NEW VID: Victory in Detroit. The leader America needs. 
When you believe in something, you keep on fighting. John Kasich believes budgets should be balanced.  
Scoreboard.   
Hey  John Kasich's plan returns power, money amp; influence back to the people. 
NEW REPORT: Ohio jobs jump by 17,000 in most recent BLS data, totaling 417,700 since Gov. Kasich came into office. 
Hawaii Co-Chair Marilia Duffles speaks to JohnKasich's "courage and character" in fantastic StarAdvertiser op-ed: 
Want to help JohnKasich from home? 
JohnKasich pretty much nailed the  last night. What they're saying: 
Join the team today! Sign up --gt; 
JohnKasich's  is earning rave reviews: 
You'll want to see this. Be there this Sunday in Columbus at our Battleground Ohio rally! 
Like what you saw tonight? Show your support for the adult in the room and join our team at  
Boom.  
An incredible showing by Gov. Kasich tonight -- now remember this...no candidate does better against Hillary Clinton than Kasich.  
With our national security at stake, now is not the time for a president learning on the job.  
If we're talking about jobs...  
The leader America needs.  
Returning the power in education back to the states will elevate America.  
Learn about what John Kasich did to improve education in Cleveland City Schools.  
It's time to return power, money and influence back to the people. John Kasich has the experience and plan to do it. 
Integrity matters.  
John Kasich has delivered time and time again.  
A stronger national security requires a steady, experienced hand.  
Enter for a chance to meet Gov Schwarzenegger and Gov Kasich in Columbus, OH on March 6th! 
Yep. Experience matters.  
No time for amateurs.  
US Int'l affairs experts agree: John Kasich is best prepared to regain our footing on the world stage.  
No learning curve here. Ask President Reagan's own national security advisor.  
"No theories. Reality." Watch the answer that has people talking.  
Show your support for the adult in the room by chipping in here:  
Also, the debt. See 
"No theories. Reality."  
Under Gov. Kasich, record numbers of businesses are being created.  
Want to talk wages?  
For numbers that actually add up: 
March Madness is upon us, and JohnKasich has home court advantage.  
Want jobs back in the United States from Mexico? John Kasich has done it.  
Only JohnKasich can beat realDonaldTrump in Ohio.  
Jobs matter. And under John Kasich Ohioans have created more than 400,000.  
Three polls.  
No, Mr. Trump. You're losing to Hillary Clinton. John Kasich is winning.  
No personal attacks needed. JohnKasich has a record to stand on.  
So much this.  
Ohio. Virginia. NH. The nation. John Kasich is the only candidate who can win them all amp; defeat Clinton.  
Ready for this?   
Sen. RobPortman talks about why Gov. Kasich is the leader America needs. 
Ohio, ready to have some fun on Sunday? Join me amp; Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger! -John RSVP: 
Well said, MittRomney. -John 
Remember, John Kasich is the one Republican in the best position to defeat Hillary Clinton in November. 
Only John Kasich is talking about what America needs most. Jobs. Jobs. Jobs. 
First the Detroit Free Press, and now the Detroit News endorses John Kasich: 
"In terms of knowledge, experience and temperament, Kasich is superior in this field." Big Kentucky endorsement: 
Watch Gov. Kasich's Warren, MI town hall LIVE ON FACEBOOK. Happening now: 
Learn why John Kasich is the only candidate able to prevent Trump from winning Ohio and securing the nomination: 
Gov Kasich is the 1 candidate who can defeat Donald Trump in Ohio amp; prevent his nomination. 
Thanks for your constant support, President Faber! 
No learning curve here. John Kasich is ready. 
Buckle up, America. The Kasich train isn't slowing down anytime soon.  
Emma amp; Reese Kasich joined their dad on the campaign trail this week. Read their recap here: 
Stanley Druckenmiller amp; Ken Langone on SquawkCNBC talking about what makes John Kasich the GOP's best candidate. 
Hello, Michigan! Check out Gov. Kasich's upcoming events happening around the state: 
Keep in mind, no candidate has a better chance of defeating Hillary Clinton in November than John Kasich. 
Who's the real Reagan conservative? The candidate who worked w/ Reagan to enact his agenda. 
jaredputnam  
L_Hoakie Thanks for your support! 
Kasich "Practicing, Not Just Preaching, the Basic Tenets of Fiscal Conservatism": 
Another big record for JobsOhio. Proud of our entire team working to make Ohio stronger. 
Honored to have Speaker newtgingrich on hand today as we campaigned in Virginia! 
Yep: 
Good to have you in Ohio again, Gov. Christie. 
17 points, Mr. Trump. 17 points. 
Donald Trump likes to talk about jobs coming back from Mexico. But only John Kasich has actually done it. 
Home of innovators, heroes amp; presidents. Happy Birthday, Ohio. 
SmithHoke Thanks for your support! 
It's Super Tuesday and the polls are open nationwide! Want to stop Hillary in November? Vote for JohnKasich. 
Check out our ad "Progress" which begins airing in Michigan today! Results matter. JohnKasich delivers. 
Thanks, Senator! 
There is a reason Trump is in Ohio on Super Tuesday: Ohio is the firewall and John Kasich can stop him. 
Only one Republican has what it takes to defeat Trump. That's John Kasich. 
Stopping Trump means winning Ohio. America needs John Kasich. 
In the DC/NoVA area? Come see John Kasich tomorrow at George Mason! RSVP here: 
WATCH LIVE NOW: Gov. Kasich town hall in Massachusetts. 
Fmr Bush AG Alberto Gonzales knows what America needs in a president. That's why he's with John Kasich. 
Big endorsement from former Jeb Bush supporter and Budget Cmte Chairman Judd Gregg. Great to have you on board! 
It's time to shake up the system. John Kasich has done it before and he can do it again. 
"What makes Kasich different is his passionate desire to make the country work." 
Proud to see Ohio hero amp; Navy SEAL Edward Byers at WH today receiving the Medal of Honor for his courageous hostage rescue from the Taliban. 
We need you! Be a part of the  in Michigan! LEARN MORE: 
Being President means being the adult in the room. I'll leave the insults and name calling to others. 
Overflowing crowd for John Kasich in Springfield, MA.  
We're playing for high stakes -- Leader of the Free World. America needs a president that will make them proud. 
Hate groups have no place in America. We are stronger together. End of story. -John 
Another big endorsement. This one from the Detroit freep. "...one reasonable choice..." 
Fantastic Op-Ed by MA GOP Sen Leader SenBruceTarr in this AM's MASS LIVE: 
Virginia and Ohio are important in November, right? Absolutely. KASICH WINNING NEW POLL: 
John Kasich's talk in Knox County TN is LIVE right now. Watch here: 
Clinton is cruising to the Democratic nomination. The only candidate who can defeat her in November? John Kasich. 
Defeating Trump requires John Kasich or Marco Rubio winning their respective home state, but only Kasich can. -staff 
Big endorsement from a man who knows what shaking things up is all about -- Fmr Bush Atty Gen Alberto Gonzales 
Gov. Kasich now in Nashville: "Enough of this trash. Go and tell people what you're for!" What Kasich's for: 
You can watch John Kasich's Nashville town hall LIVE right now with SPECIAL GUEST Fmr. Bush AG Alberto Gonzalez 
Tune in to cspan NOW to watch a live Town Hall in Nashville  
MA Gov. Weld: John Kasich has...the readiness to serve, and the demonstrated ability to win. 
Last night Gov. Kasich spoke to a massive crowd in Memphis. Today's front page... 
Good evening, Memphis! 
MartySullivan10  
Thank you for your support! 
While others bicker, remember.... 
ANOTHER endorsement. This time from Northampton, MA's DailyHampGaz 
Doesn't everyone know? Donald Trump already found his running mate. -staff 
"Gov. Kasich is the lone voice of reason and optimism in a very loud room." -Fmr. NJ Gov. Christine Todd Whitman 
The best candidate to defeat Hillary Clinton? It's not Donald Trump. 
While others lower the bar, John Kasich is talking about what Americans care about: Jobs. Jobs. Jobs. 
jdiverma Thanks for your support! 
We need you! Be a part of the vaunted  in Michigan! SIGN UP HERE: 
NEW VIDEO: Only one candidate is ready to lead -- only one will make America proud. 
 
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs. Show your support for the only candidate talking about them. Here ---gt; 
The adult in the room that's ready to lead. America needs John Kasich.  
Nailed it.  
The adult in the room.  
No more delays. John Kasich will lead our allies to put boots on the ground to defeat ISIS.  
Remember, America.  
"To defeat terrorism over the long term, we must also recommit to the universal values that we hold dear." 
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs. John Kasich is the only one talking about them.  
No more leading from behind.  
No candidate is more prepared to re-establish our nation's footing in the international community than John Kasich. 
Being the most experienced candidate on national security issues has its benefits.  
Without a doubt, John Kasich is ready.  
There's no substitute for nat'l security experience in a Commander-in-Chief. Gov Kasich has 18 yrs of it.  
Only one candidate on stage is ready to be Commander-in-Chief on day one. John Kasich.  
John Kasich stands with Israel. Period.  
The only one ready? John Kasich.  
Actually, realDonaldTrump loses to Hillary in the latest Quinnipiac poll. John Kasich wins.  
You know where Donald Trump is losing? Ohio. But only to John Kasich.  
How do Republicans win in November? That's easy.  
Experience matters.  
America needs a leader who can put our fiscal house in order. Tick tock.  
Donald Trump has already been called out for lying about John Kasich's record.  
America needs a president who's shaken things up and gotten results. This is John Kasich's record.  
FACT CHECK: Trump on health care -- "The government's going to pay for it." 
Speaking of balancing budgets...  
John Kasich is the ONLY candidate on stage who has a record of appointing judges. CONSERVATIVE judges.  
"It is certainly true that the Heritage Foundation ... supported [the individual mandate]."  
John Kasich's health care reforms are making a real, positive difference for taxpayers in Ohio.  
Moderator: Do you support the Obamacare individual mandate? Gov. Kasich: No.  
Less talk. More action.  
That's John Kasich. 
Black or white, Asian or Hispanic, Gov Kasich's leadership works. Real conservatism leaves no one behind.  
TheFix It's a campaign that focuses on optimism, not infighting. And it's working. 
Starting fights is easy. Bringing people together is hard. It's time for a leader who can unite America  
This.  
Losing to Mexico? John Kasich actually helped move jobs from Mexico home to Ohio.  
Fix illegal immigration. "A path to legalization. NOT a path to citizenship."  
Want to talk job creation? John Kasich can talk job creation. 400k new Ohio jobs on John Kasich's watch.  
Must-read analysis by TomBevanRCP, especially when you consider Rubio now down by 16 in FL and Kasich tied in OH. 
Shocked by the senseless act of violence in Kansas early this evening. Prayers for strength for all the victims amp; families affected. -John 
John Kasich is ready to fight for us. Join the team and keep our ad going: 
John Kasich doesn't just shake things up. He gets things done. That's what we need in a president.  
No one gives Republicans a better chance to defeat Hillary Clinton in November than John Kasich. No one. 
NanKHogue Thank you for your vote! 
America needs a president who's ready amp; able to re-establish our footing on the world stage. 
See what StevePoizner brings to the Kasich team. 
Honored to have you on board! 
John Kasich is the 1 candidate who's sat in the hot seat and made decisions that have impacted millions of taxpayers 
Support for JohnKasich in the Buckeye State is rock solid! 
"It looks like Kasich is actually in better shape than Rubio." 
If we want to defeat Hillary Clinton and win back the White House, we need John Kasich as our nominee. (3/3) -staff 
Meanwhile, one-on-one, John Kasich defeats Trump by 17 pts in Ohio, blocking Trump from the nomination. (2/3) -staff 
Rubio is losing to Trump by 16 pts in Florida and 18 pts in Ohio. (1/3) -staff 
The one candidate who has shook up the system and gotten results: John Kasich. 
Don't miss JohnKasich on megynkelly at 9:30EST tonight! 
Another governor is on board! ButchOtter, honored to have you on the team. 
Securing the GOP nom requires winning Ohio, and no one is stronger there than Gov. Kasich. 
So honored to earn the support of one of PA's best -- Rep. Charlie Dent! cc: DentforCongress 
Analysis by the Wash Post shows only Kasich can stop Trump from securing the nomination. 
Check out our brand new TV ad, going up tomorrow. Results matter. Join our team: 
Americans are looking for leadership that translates into solutions. That leadership can only come from John Kasich. 
Thanks for the show of support, Mississippi! 
John Kasich is speaking at a jam-packed town hall in Mississippi right now. Watch live here: 
POLL: One-on-one, only John Kasich defeats Trump in Ohio. Not Rubio. Not Cruz. Only Kasich. 
OH: "When asked to choose only between Trump and Kasich, a clear majority emerged for Kasich (55) over Trump (38)." 
NEW OHIO POLL: "Poll Shows Ohio Governor Tied With Trump" 
NEW POLL: In Ohio, Kasich defeats Clinton 54-37. All other candidates in statistical tie. 
Thanks Preston! 
A special thank you to those in Sandy Springs who waited in massive lines and stuck around in our overflow area. 
Huge turnout tonight in Sandy Springs. Americans are ready for a leader who's shaken up the system amp; gotten results. 
John Kasich will be ready on day one to serve our nation as Commander-in-Chief. 
This GoogleTrends round is for you, Nevada: 1) 63 2) Yes 3) husband, father of 2, Governor of Ohio 4) Nope 5) 6'0" 
Thank you for your vote, Rebekah! 
THREE Texas newspapers have endorsed John Kasich for President. 
Attend the  on Thurs on us! Chip in $10+ right now to enter. Deadline is tonight! 
Great to have the support of Fmr GOP Chair Amy Tarkanian and LV Councilman BobBeers in Nevada today! cc: MrsT106 
Now THAT'S an overflow crowd. 
Georgians packed in at kennesawstate to hear JohnKasich's solutions to the greatest challenges we face.  
Honored to speak at CPAC next week amp; discuss how tax cuts, balanced budgets and a strong military will strengthen America.  
Racking 'em up! 
"Republicans, you have one last chance..." 
The president is flat wrong on Guantanamo Bay. 
Good morning, Georgia! It's an honor to speak to the House of Representatives at the Statehouse today.  
Download the  mobile app today for news amp; updates from the campaign trail! 
To unite the Party and win the election in November, the choice is clear -- John Kasich. 
Experience matters. Ask Tom Ridge, our nation's first Secretary of Homeland Security.  
Win a trip to attend the  on Thursday! Chip in $10 or more right now to enter. 
House Majority Leader kevinomccarthy: "I think John Kasich would be an excellent president."  
The race is tight to take on Trump. We need John Kasich to win back the White House. LINK: 
Hundreds turned out this morning in Fairfax to hear Gov. Kasich's message of strength and optimism. 
Watch JohnKasich LIVE at a town hall in Fairfax, VA here: 
The one Republican candidate who can defeat Hillary Clinton is John Kasich. SOURCE: 
Sign up today! 
"Kasich has achieved what his opponents only talk about" SECOND Texas newspaper endorsement today: 
"You've got the goods. You balanced the budget. You led the State of Ohio to greatness." 
"This is no time for amateurs." NEW ENDORSEMENT for John Kasich: 
Strong. We're ready. 
Virginia. Georgia. Louisiana. Mississippi. Gov. Kasich will be in each early this week! RSVP today: 
We either want to beat Hillary Clinton and take back the White House ... or we don't. John Kasich will win. 
JebBush fought hard every day. He was a great governor and is a great man. -John 
We're hitting up four states over the next four days. In VA, GA, MS or LA? Check out our events page to RSVP! 
The coming primary calendar plays to Gov. Kasich's strength. We're ready. NEW POLL: 
For Us. 
What America needs in a leader. It's John Kasich. Join the team today: 
An incredible scene in Worcester this afternoon as Gov. Kasich works for votes in Massachusetts! 
Momentum is everywhere. Thank you Burlington! 
South Carolina, the time is now.  
South Carolina, To win in November, you have to vote today. 
Thank you so much, Gracie! 
Thank you, Mr. amp; Mrs. Eisner! 
Thank you for the enthusiastic welcome, Vermont! 
Let's get out and vote, SC! Send a message -- one of a more United States ready to solve the challenges we face. 
Solutions over noise. Unity over division. JohnKasich for America. 
Thank you! Let's keep it going! 
Rockin' a national  today. Looking good, Virginia! Thanks for your hard work. 
Today's your chance to get out amp; vote for JohnKasich, SC! Find your polling location here: 
Thanks for your vote! 
A great way to spend  election eve. Thanks for being such gracious hosts, CitadelGOP! 
Hey, South Carolina. Let's cut taxes - Balance the budget - Strengthen our military. Vote Kasich.  
Ready.  
More than 500 strong on hand for John Kasich's election eve rally at the USS Yorktown.  
One of John Kasich's oldest political foes pays him a visit in South Carolina. 
Ex-Clemson QB TajhB10 said supporting Gov. Kasich in South Carolina was "an easy decision". Watch and see why. 
Read the poll of U.S. experts showing John Kasich far amp; away the best GOP candidate to manage foreign affairs. 
A poll of 701 ForeignPolicy experts in U.S. shows John Kasich would be the best president to manage foreign affairs 
See why everyone is talking about Gov. Kasich's appearance on last night's CNN  
First stop of the day: Columbia, SC, where JohnKasich is sharing his plans for getting the economy back on track. 
Thanks for coming out, Jaclyn! 
Thanks for all your help, Alex! 
"For Kasich, the hug didnt look like an obligation  it looked like a privilege." 
"He's just John Kasich, a guy from Ohio. But that may end up being just enough." 
To strengthen our military, America needs the one candidate with the experience to do it. John Kasich. 
See the  and looking for chances to see Gov. Kasich in SC? Look here: 
After seeing tonight's  this makes a lot of sense. 
In 2014, Gov. Kasich was endorsed by the NRA for his work to protect the 2nd amendment.  
Gov. Kasich privatized economic development and it's meant big wins for Ohio.  
In Ohio, Gov. Kasich has phased out the income tax for small businesses. And it's working.   
Over the past two days, Gov. Kasich has won the endorsement of the two biggest newspapers in South Carolina. 
Real reforms to repeal and replace Obamacare.  
"In 2015 alone, [Kasich's health care reforms] saved Ohio taxpayers $1.9 billion..."  
Gov. Kasich has been fighting human trafficking for years. The fight continues today. Learn more:  
Learn about what Gov. Kasich has done to fight sexual assaults on college campuses.  
John Kasich is the one candidate best prepared to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One.  
FACT: Ohio wages are growing faster than the nation.  
ICYMI: Here is the video of the moment being spoken about on tonight's  on CNN. 
Yesterday thestate, today the postandcourier. Great to have the endorsement of SC's two biggest newspapers! 
This is why. -John 
See what has JoeNBC so impressed.... 
Hundreds in SC have joined ex-QB TajhB10 to pack this Kasich town hall at Clemson. LIVE: 
Spending in Washington is out of control. John Kasich can cut taxes while eliminating waste amp; balancing the budget. 
Don't miss it! 
Thanks to our  JohnKasich is confident amp; hopeful heading into Saturday's   
Sending out volunteers from Charleston, SC today! Thanks to every one of you for your hard work!  
2nd day in a row that a new poll showed Gov. Kasich in the best position to defeat Clinton! 
A lot of great opportunities to see Gov. Kasich on election eve in SC tomorrow! RSVP here: 
A major endorsement in SC for Gov. Kasich. America needs a president ready to lead. 
JohnKasich is honored to have Vietnam War POW Colonel Tom Moe on the campaign trail w/ him today amp; tomorrow. 
Watch JohnKasich talk to supporters live NOW in SC! 
Thanks for your support! 
StephenAtHome Had a great time as always! Thanks for having me! -John 
2nd poll in two days showing Kasich in best position to defeat Hillary -- 47-39. Again holding Clinton below 40. 
"John Kasich has now risen to a virtual third-place tie with Marco Rubio" 
JohnKasich's already planning campaign stops in Mississippi amp; around the South! 
Staying up tonight? Gov. Kasich will be on the  with StephenAtHome. Tune in! 
From the endorsement by South Carolina's thestate 
MAJOR endorsement for John Kasich in South Carolina from thestate 
"...voters should choose Ohio Gov. John Kasich and his actual record of improving federal and state governments." 
How Gov. Kasich is using a positive, substantive message to win new voters in South Carolina: 
As president, John Kasich will ensure our veterans get the care they need and opportunities they deserve. 
John Kasich has a plan to cut taxes, balance the budget amp; strengthen our military -- and he will win.  
A swing through Michigan reaped big crowds and new supporters for Gov. Kasich.  
Gov. John Kasich has a plan that would boost military spending while balancing the budget. 
cc: JebBush 
2 SC events tmrw! RSVP: Clemson Town Hall, 2:15M Sun City York/Lancaster Co., 6:00PM 
Just talking about the dangers of drugs with your kids can have a major impact. Check out 
Add JohnKasich on Snapchat for a behind-the-scenes view of the campaign trail!  
Oh come on! Thank you for coming out! 
As president, John Kasich will make sure our veterans get the care, respect and opportunities they've earned. 
Gov Kasich's recently announced national security team is making waves. cc: SalenaZitoTrib 
Announcing major new additions to Gov. John Kasich's national security team. 
John Kasich has a plan to boost defense spending to make sure our troops have the resources they need to succeed. 
Thanks, Adam! See you this afternoon! 
PrezThompson48 Thanks for coming out today! 
"In Ohio, John Kasichs Health-Care Reform Is Already Happening" 
"In 2015 alone, [Gov. Kasich's health care reforms] saved Ohio taxpayers $1.9 billion..." 
JohnKasich is campaigning in SC today. It's not too late to RSVP! 
Some good news from the ground in South Carolina! Now's the time to join our team! 
Hylt2297 Thanks for coming out, Jake! 
Packed house in E. Lansing today to see Gov. Kasich -- the 1 candidate w/ a positive vision for a stronger America. 
An incredible crowd. Thank you! 
Join us tomorrow in South Carolina: Greenville: Lexington Co: 
Gov. John Kasich's campaign is standing out in South Carolina for all the right reasons -- and momentum is growing. 
stephen_lietz Best of luck on your venture, Stephen! 
KyleWood3 Looking forward to it! 
The Kasich team keeps on growing. Endorsements this AM from 3 legislators in Pennsylvania! 
JohnKasich is about to kick off his first town hall of the day at GVSU. Watch live here! 
Support JohnKasich from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program! 
Good morning, Michigan! 3 campaign stops coming right up.  
"I get my energy by being for things ... not against things." Check out Gov Kasich's ideas: 
JebBush What's the truth? Bush profited off his personal investment in Obamacare. -staff 
In case you missed it: TajhB10 supports JohnKasich, praises "his values, his morals." 
Another big win for Gov. Kasich coming out of last night's debate in South Carolina. 
Get the latest news and updates by downloading the  mobile app today! 
The spirit of America doesn't come from the top down. The spirit of America rests with us.  
TajhB10 was a big reason why Gov. Kasich was so ready for tonight's  Thanks, Tajh! 
Don't miss JohnKasich on ThisWeekABC w/ GStephanopoulos tomorrow at 9:40AM EST! 
Shameful and unacceptable. 
Thank you! 
Thanks for your support! 
John Kasich made it clear he has the experience, temperament amp; know-how to lead our nation as Commander-in-Chief. 
JohnKasich believes that all Americans deserve the chance to realize their God-given potential.  
It's time to send power, money and influence back to the states. That's how America wins. 
"The spirit of America doesn't come from the top down. It comes from each one of us." Join our team. Sign up here: 
Tax cuts. Regs freeze. Stopping Illegal Immigration. Balanced budget plan. That's just the 1st 100 days.  
John Kasich has worked hard for Ohio, and today Ohioans have created more than 400,000 new jobs.  
A true leader unites. 
Lower taxes, cutting red tape and a renewed entrepreneurial spirit is growing wages in Ohio faster in the nation. 
John Kasich's positive vision has launched his campaign forward. He showed that once again tonight.  
Jeb Bush made millions from Obamacare.  
JohnKasich said NO to creating an Obamacare exchange in Ohio. Repeal amp; replace Obamacare amp; send power to states. 
Who has a better record on spending? Check the numbers. It's John Kasich.  
Under Gov. JohnKasich Ohio's Medicaid costs $2 billion less than initial estimates: 
What's the truth, Jeb?  
As president JohnKasich will cut taxes on job creators amp; get the economy moving again. 
John Kasich actually has experience bringing jobs back home. He can do it again as president.  
JohnKasich called for boots on the ground to destroy ISIS a year ago: 
Gov. Kasich has a plan to get our troops the support they need. Read it here:  
There's no substitute for 18 years of national security experience. 
The past 8 years taught us an important lesson - our Commander-in-Chief must be ready to lead on Day 1.  
Read Gov. Kasich's full statement on the passing of Justice Scalia here: 
Big news tonight as Gov. Kasich surges in South Carolina.  
Major thanks to supervolunteer Tom Volini, who followed JohnKasich's campaign from NH to SC this week!  
Nothing like a packed-out pre-debate rally to get JohnKasich revved up for tonight's  
Attending the  tonight? Be sure to use our America,  Snapchat filter! 
Hop aboard the  train! Former Clemson football star TajhB10 is already here.   
Gov. Kasich's statement on the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. 
1) 63 2) pass 3) South Carolina  4) 6'0" 5) McKees Rocks, PA 
Gov. Kasich just wrapped up prep for tonight's  Be sure to tune in --- and  
Coverage of JohnKasich's massive rally in Hilton Head highlights how well his positive message is resonating. 
Today Clemson star TajhB10 will help Gov. Kasich get revved up at a pre-debate rally in Greenville. RSVP here: 
JohnKasich's positive, commonsense message is striking a chord with South Carolina voters!   
Honored to have such an overwhelming turnout in Hilton Head tonight. Together we can make a difference.  
Deep from the heart of Texas -- a big endorsement for John Kasich! 
RSVP here! 
Gov_Gilmore felt the call to serve in both our military and elected office. That courage should be honored. Best of luck, governor! -John 
Everyone has their challenges. It's how we respond to them and grow from them that matters. 
Buckle Up, America! 
South Carolina voters are ready for a new kind of positive, conservative leadership.   
Quick stop at Dukes Bar-B-Q in Orangeburg, SC where JohnKasich advocated for returning power and $ to the states. 
Another  endorsement for Gov. John Kasich. Proud to have phyllish21 on the team! 
Want to support JohnKasich from home? Join our National Phone From Home Program! 
Everyone has their own challenges and obstacles, and John Kasich is no different. 
America. Buckle Up. 
It doesn't take government... 
Our nation's veterans have been ignored long enough. Let's honor them by providing the care they earned. 
John Kasich has 18 years of national security experience. Read his plan to strengthen our military here: 
We know lower taxes boost economic growth. It's worked in Ohio and it will work for America. 
John Kasich doesn't just talk prison reform. His team has done it and made Ohio a national model of success. 
As president JohnKasich will return power, money amp; influence to the states. How?  
John Kasich said NO to an Obamacare state exchange. He will repeal and replace Obamacare as president.  
Strong work by our team to get a new venue to accommodate the surge in RSVPs in Florence.  
When you have JohnKasich's record of results, you don't need to go negative.  
Our  team is growing. Good to have State Rep. Donna Hicks on board! 
John Kasich is ready to get to work for America. Come join our team. Sign up at 
After making major waves at Myrtle Beach, JohnKasich is off to Florence, SC.   
Another look at the incredible crowd out to see John Kasich in Myrtle Beach. Absolutely packed.  
Nearly 500 strong inside and outside today to hear John Kasich's vision for a stronger America.  
The momentum is real. John Kasich is ready to drive America ahead. LINK: 
In Pawleys Island JohnKasich advocates replacing Obamacare w/ a healthcare system that really works for Americans. 
JohnKasich starts the day in Pawleys Island, SC outside Applewood House of Pancakes. Now that's an overflow crowd! 
It takes courage to step into the ring for a chance to become leader of the free world. Gov. ChrisChristie, you've done New Jersey proud. 
"Kasich's idea of what our politics might be shone brightly." 
A great day in SC! Gov. Kasich showed voters the kind of rock-solid leadership that can move America forward. 
Today, these voters in Charleston amp; Huger saw a leader offering real solutions to real problems.  
Planned Parenthood can't and won't intimidate me. I'm proudly pro-life. -John 
JohnKasich landed in South Carolina with incredible energy and momentum, and South Carolina has noticed! 
CarlyFiorina, thanks for being an inspiration to all Americans who want to make a difference. I wish you the best. -John 
Last night JohnKasich's optimistic message paid off. Now, the rest of the country will get the chance to hear it. 
Don't miss JohnKasich on FoxNews with seanhannity tonight at 10:15PM EST! 
No candidate is more ready to lead our brave men and women as Commander-in-Chief than John Kasich.  
JohnKasich speaks to an engaged S. Carolina audience about what it takes to be an executive amp; find solutions. 
Heading into South Carolina with momentum. Buckle up, America. Here we go!  
This is what happens when RSVPs to JohnKasich's first South Carolina event jump 500 overnight!  
10 mins before JohnKasich arrives amp; finnsbrickoven in Mt. Pleasant, SC is filled to capacity!  
Catch up on JohnKasich's morning appearances on GMA amp; CBSThisMorning: 
Get our latest news amp; updates by downloading the  mobile app: 
Thank you robportman for your friendship and support. -John 
Thank you for your hard work amp; support, Senator! 
Join us on the campaign trail via Snapchat by searching "John Kasich."  
Good morning, South Carolina! 
South Carolina, we'll see you in Mt. Pleasant in the morning! RSVP now:  
JohnKasich is the only candidate with a plan to balance the federal budget: 
JohnKasich lifted the tax burden on Ohioans by $5,000,000,000. Let that sink in. 
Thank you for your support! Please chip in to help keep up our momentum! 
Let the record show: JohnKasich doesn't just talk about conservative principles. He lives them.   
Thank you for your support, Governor! 
When people's hearts are changed, everything changes. 
A spot-on defense of conservative credentials coming from someone who would know. 
What a incredible ride it's been, New Hampshire. We're humbled and thrilled by your support.  
Thank you New Hampshire! On to South Carolina!  Join the team today! --gt; 
"If you don't have a seat belt, go get one!"   
Tonight JohnKasich is the story coming out of New Hampshire. 
And the crowd erupts! 
Thank you Speaker! 
The momentum starts tonight in New Hampshire! 
Facts are facts. Thank you, Mr. Speaker! 
The crowd's buzzing in anticipation of JohnKasich!   
Watch JohnKasich speak live in Concord momentarily! 
Can't beat the energy at this election night party! 
What a night! Thx to our incredible NH supporters! Time to trade our snow boots for flip flops. See you tmrw SC! 
Former Sen. Gordon Humphrey kicks off our election night in Concord.   
It's time to elect a leader who has what it takes to win the White House amp; unite the country.   
Here we go America: to S. Carolina, through the South, to Michigan amp; the Midwest, to the nomination amp; White House. 
Less than an hour until the polls close, New Hampshire! If you haven't yet voted, get out and vote for JohnKasich! 
POTUS is not an entry-level job. There's no substitute for executive experience amp; no one has more than JohnKasich. 
Results over rhetoric. That's the Kasich way.   
JohnKasich has 18 yrs of nat'l security experience. The other GOP candidates have 0-5 yrs. Experience matters. 
Last ARG poll before the  has JohnKasich in 2nd yet again! 
Only one candidate has the vision amp; experience to turn the economy around, and that's JohnKasich.   
No Republican has EVER won the White House w/o winning Ohio. Let's nominate someone who can deliver.  
Thanks for the good thoughts amp; hard work. -John 
It's our time to come together as a country. New Hampshire, it's your time to vote for a leader who makes it happen. 
Who's a perfect fit for the "Live Free or Die" state? The candidate who never quits fighting for you.  
JohnKasich is fortunate to have the Buckeye A-Team out campaigning for him!   
Looking for a Reagan conservative? You've found one: JohnKasich. 
JohnKasich is leaving it to Granite State voters to bring the exclamation point today. 
Whatever happens tonight, we have no regrets. It's been an incredible ride, New Hampshire. 
Shout out to Ernie from PA, who's made 10,000 calls for JohnKasich!   
New Hampshire, there's a better way. Now is your time to vote for a leader who's about lifting up, not cutting down. 
New Hampshire's newspapers (+ BostonGlobe) are rooting for JohnKasich today!   
It's easy to stay positive when your record speaks for itself.   
There seems to be some media interest in JohnKasich today. 
We need a leader who's ready to act on Day One. JohnKasich has a plan for 100 days: 
Dixville Notch knows how to pick a winner!  
Every vote counts, New Hampshire! Let's make sure it goes to JohnKasich!   
JohnKasich starting the day off right at Red Arrow Diner in Manchester.    
THANK YOU to our volunteers who have worked tirelessly to get out the vote for JohnKasich when it counts!  
Happy Election Day! This is it, New Hampshire. Get out and vote for JohnKasich today!  
Gov JohnKasich amp; KarenKasich visiting polling locations this morning in NH - Vote Kasich!   
Polls are now open in New Hampshire! VOTE KASICH!   
Early momentum as JohnKasich wins GOP vote in Dixville Notch! Let's keep it going, New Hampshire. 
It's Election Eve in New Hampshire amp; not even a blizzard can keep the crowd away!  
Tonight in Manchester JohnKasich held his final town hall before the New Hampshire primary!  
America needs a leader who's prepared to lead on Day One. 
Thanks to JohnKasich's leadership, Ohio has the lowest number of state employees in more than 30 years. 
Knocking doors for JohnKasich in the New Hampshire blizzard!     
John Kasich has a strong plan to balance the budget, all while upping defense spending $100 billion. THE PLAN: 
No contest. 
JohnKasich tackles the problem of high student debt at this afternoon's town hall in Windham, NH.   
Just ask Speaker NewtGingrich. (2/2) LINK: 
John Kasich doesn't back down. He took on the fight to balance our nation's budget -- and he won. (1/2) 
Under Kasich, Ohio state gov't shrunk to its lowest level in 30+ years, all while improving service. It CAN be done. 
We don't have time for our next Commander-in-Chief to learn on the job. We need experience -- we need John Kasich. 
Watch JohnKasich live in Windham, NH at 
The  is the best in New Hampshire. A huge thank you to everyone who's volunteered for JohnKasich! 
Feelin' good! 
Full house in Plaistow, NH as JohnKasich lays out plan to reform the way our veterans get the care they deserve. 
New Hampshire, you've been wonderful. All we ask now is that you get out and vote for JohnKasich tomorrow! 
2 days after JohnKasich dominated the  his momentum is surging at just the right time!   
LIVE: Watch JohnKasich's town hall in Plaistow, NH here! 
Tnx to the volunteers who are going hard today amp; knocking doors for JohnKasich! Our  is strong. 
The polls are saying the same thing: JohnKasich is surging at the perfect time in New Hampshire!  
Another amazing crowd in Concord, NH as JohnKasich covers everything from rebuilding our military to cutting taxes. 
Thanks for all your hard work! Nice snowman.  
The day after JohnKasich's outstanding  performance, he's drawing a incredible crowd in Nashua, NH!  
The consensus is clear: JohnKasich knocked it out of the park at last night's  in New Hampshire!  
Our volunteers have New Hampshire covered today! 2 more days!  
Thanks for your support! 
Order yours today! America, Buckle Up:    
Chip in to keep our  growing amp; support our new TV ad!  --gt; 
First on NH's WMUR tonight? John Kasich.  
Without a doubt, we have the best ground game in New Hampshire. Thanks to our hundreds of volunteers! 
Always working. 
"Kasich may have gained most." LarrySabato "Winner is John Kasich" hughhewitt "Kasich on fire." JoeNBC  
John Kasich nailed it tonight. Join the team!  
"There has never been a governor in the state of Ohio as pro-life as John Kasich. -Ohio Right to Life President Mike Gonidakis 
AVAILABLE NOW on America, Buckle Up:    
Veterans, check out this website developed by the Kasich admin. to find new opportunities in Ohio.  
John Kasich has made significant reforms to give veterans the opportunities they earned.  
The right ideas should help everybody rise.  
Our nation's veterans EARNED the best care anywhere. John Kasich can make it happen.  
John Kasich has brought police and the communities they serve together like no other.  
America deserves a president with a plan and the experience to get it done. Hold on tight.  
Get ready, America.  
Listen to the Speaker. He would know.  
Fact. 
JohnKasich's made a career out of breaking through gridlock amp; uniting people to solve problems.  
For a year JohnKasich has called for a NATO coalition to defeat ISIS on the ground: 
We've done it while cutting taxes $5 billion and eliminating the biggest budget shortfall in OH history.  
There's no compromising with evil. JohnKasich has a plan to wipe ISIS off the map: 
There's no substitute for experience and no time for on-the-job training.  
Under JohnKasich's leadership, Ohio's public sector is getting smaller amp; smarter: 
400,700 new private sector jobs and the largest tax cut of any sitting governor can't be wrong.  
FACT CHECK: Ohio has the lowest number of state employees in more than 30 years. LINK: 
"[John Kasich] done a very good job in Ohio." GovChristie 
Want a president who knows how to bring jobs back home to America? John Kasich has done it.  
This is what strong and experienced leadership looks like. Build the wall, fix immigration.  
John Kasich's conservative record has worked in Ohio. It can work for America.  
We can build a wall. And we will.  
Want to talk jobs? John Kasich can talk jobs.  
JohnKasich said NO to creating an Obamacare state exchange. Let's repeal and replace.  
On immigration, JohnKasich's common sense amp; problem-solving skills are on full display.  
We're talking about our nation's next Commander-in-Chief. Experience matters.  
After 7 years of leading from behind, it's time to elect a strong, decisive commander-in-chief.  
Anyone have a snowball?  LINK: 
The stakes are too high. We need a serious leader.  
Thanks for the intro, GovChristie! We remember the last time you did it:  
North Koreas missile launch is completely unacceptable.  FULL STATEMENT: 
The Kasich record is a conservative record.  
With 100 New Hampshire town halls under his belt, JohnKasich heads into tonight's NH  w/ confidence. 
JohnKasich on his walkthrough ahead of tonight's ABC  at 8PM EST. Don't miss it! 
Team Illinois in New Hampshire for  Thanks tomdemmer EdSullivanforIL RonSandack electfrese! 
Last night JohnKasich hit a historic milestone on the campaign trail: 100 town halls in New Hampshire!  
Our volunteers are out in full force in New Hampshire for JohnKasich this weekend! Thank you for your hard work! 
Former Sen. JohnSununu rallies the troops as they take off from JohnKasich's Stratham, NH HQ this morning. 
Today on Ronald Reagan Day I'm thinking about a great leader who practiced the optimism we need to rediscover. -John 
Another big endorsement out of New Hampshire from well-known GOP activist Purr Whalley. Welcome to the team! 
The 11th poll in a month has JohnKasich in 2nd place in New Hampshire!  
A few of our amazing volunteers equipped with campaign literature and a shovel to knock doors for JohnKasich in NH! 
JohnKasich held his 100th NH town hall in Bedford tonight! Tnx to all the Granite Staters who helped celebrate! 
THANK YOU to Gov. Schwarzenegger for joining us for a live Tele-Town Hall this evening!! Join the team today! 
We hope to have your support!  
It's not a prank! Join us right now!!  
HAPPENING NOW: JohnKasich on a Live Town Hall w/ Schwarzenegger - Join us!  
TUNE IN RIGHT NOW: Govs Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich on a live Town Hall - Join online and ask your questions! --gt; 
TUNE IN NOW: Govs Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich on a live Town Hall - Join online and ask your questions! --gt; 
20 MINUTES OUT from the live Tele-Town Hall w/ Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich - Join online and ask Q's at 
Live Tele-Town Hall w/ Govs Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich 8:15PM EST TONIGHT- Join online at 
Even a New Hampshire blizzard can't deter our volunteers. Keep it up, team!    
Only time I've gone on the attack! Kasich 1, Media 0 -John 
Have you RSVP'd yet? 8:15PM EST TONIGHT: 
JohnKasich advocates for criminal justice reform in Hollis, NH. Rounding the corner to 100 NH town halls! 
Tonight in Bedford, NH JohnKasich will hold his 100th New Hampshire town hall, more than any other candidate! 
RSVP Now! Join Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich for a live Tele-Town Hall TONIGHT at 8:15PM EST 
The  made it through the snow to Atkinson, NH where JohnKasich talked balanced budgets.  
Get all of the details and RSVP here: 
RSVP Now! Join Govs Schwarzenegger amp; JohnKasich -Live Tele-Town Hall TONIGHT at 8:15PM EST 
Watch our new TV ad Join Me - America: lets make this election about something bigger than ourselves.  
Catch JohnKasich on MSNBC Morning_Joe at 8:30AM EST! 
America can't afford 8 more yrs of the status quo. For ideas that actually work:  
As president JohnKasich will make sure that our vets receive the best possible services. They deserve nothing less. 
Excited to join Schwarzenegger for a live Tele-Town Hall 8:15PM EST 2/5/16! RSVP Now! -John 
ISIS can't coexist with our way of life. For a year JohnKasich has called for boots on the ground to destroy them: 
It's amazing what partnering w/ the private sector instead of railing against it can accomplish. In OH: 400k jobs. 
As Ohio goes, so goes the nation. Only JohnKasich has what it takes to win Ohio and stop Hillary in November. 
Candidates like to talk about getting things done, but none can touch JohnKasich's record of results.  
Love tax hikes? BernieSanders does too: Meanwhile JohnKasich is proposing major tax cuts: 
HillaryClinton amp; BernieSanders have big plans for your tax dollars, but their numbers don't add up.  
I'm grateful for the support and good words from Montel_Williams. -John 
Thank you for your support! 
 JohnKasich's 75th New Hampshire town hall in Goffstown, NH on 1/24/16!    
SC Sen. Raymond E. Cleary III on electing a candidate w/ the experience to lead on Day One: 
JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with Neil Cavuto TeamCavuto) at 4:05 PM EST. Don't miss it! 
Tune in to watch JohnKasich live on FoxBusiness with LizClaman at 3:45PM EST! 
 JohnKasich's 50th NH town hall in Hooksett on 1/6/16! Getting ready to DOUBLE that  less than a month later. 
The Monadnock Ledger-Transcript is the 9th NH-area newspaper to endorse JohnKasich! 
 JohnKasich's 25th New Hampshire town hall in Londonderry, NH on 11/5/15.    
JohnKasich kicks off the day in Pelham, NH with a pitch for a Balanced Budget Amendment.   
 JohnKasich's 1st town hall on July 21, 2015 in Nashua, NH. We've come a long way since then! 
Former Rand Paul adviser is now a John Kasich adviser. Welcome to the team, MichaelBiundo! 
AP: JohnKasich is under pressure yet enjoying every minute in New Hampshire.  
JohnKasich shares Ohio's economic success story at today's NH business forum in Manchester. 400k jobs in 5 yrs! 
We have the best volunteers in the country. Thanks for all of your hard work!    
Excellent turnout in Derry, NH tonight as JohnKasich talks about fighting the drug epidemic.  
NH's ConMonitorNews goes to bat for JohnKasich, praising his presidential demeanor amp; ability to get things done. 
This would be a great way to honor a real life hero. -John 
What a tremendous honor to have Senator RobPortman in New Hampshire this week to support JohnKasich!  
JohnKasich is staying upbeat amp; civil in a contentious race, writes BostonGlobe: 
Watch cspan  4PM EST to watch JohnKasich at NH biz forum hosted by BusinessNHMag amp; Sheehan Phinney Bass amp; Green 
RickSantorum's conviction amp; commitment to public service has always made him a cut above. I wish him well in all his future work. -John 
JohnKasich is in Raymond, NH sharing plans to make entitlement spending sustainable again.   
First stop of the day: Durham, NH, where JohnKasich is reinforcing the importance of returning power to the states. 
Take a behind the scenes look inside the  as it criss-crosses New Hampshire!   
RandPaul is an important voice in the GOP amp; Senate. I respect his passion. -John 
Nice! It appears to be a letter to the editor from Iowa State Rep. Mary Ann Hanusa: 
ICYMI: Nashua Telegraph on why executive experience matters. 
Looks great! Thanks for your support. 
JohnKasich advocates for a Balanced Budget Amendment today in Claremont, NH. See more: 
Thank you, Congressman Bass, for your support. -John 
The New Hampshire primary election is only 7 days away and JohnKasich's position is strong! 
Great talking with you! 
JohnKasich talks w/ nbc4i's Colleen Marshall about his confidence 1 wk out from New Hampshire.   
This morning in Newbury, NH JohnKasich shared his plans to reform healthcare. Read more: 
Former Hillsborough Co., NH Sheriff amp; small business owner Walt Morse endorses JohnKasich: 
7 out of 8 New Hampshire newspaper endorsements support JohnKasich for president!    
Ready, Set...NEW HAMPSHIRE! One week to go!    
Wishing the best to my friend GovMikeHuckabee amp; Janet. He's an honorable good man with much public service still ahead of him. -John 
Thank you for your support! 
Thank you for speaking on behalf of JohnKasich tonight!  
Thank you for your support!   
Thank you for your support!   
Another wonderful crowd in Loudon, NH tonight as JohnKasich closes in on 100 New Hampshire town halls!  
Proud to have supporters who are willing to stand up amp; speak on behalf of JohnKasich, nerves and all!  
Thanks for your support!  
Ohio Auditor of State Yost4Ohio makes the case for JohnKasich at a Johnston, Iowa caucus.   
Tune in to FoxNews at 7:30PM EST to watch JohnKasich on greta! 
The good news: JohnKasich has a plan to balance the federal budget in 8 years: 
JohnKasich's surrogates amp; volunteers are in Des Moines, Iowa getting ready for tonight's caucuses!  
JohnKasich couldn't ask for better representation in Iowa tonight! Thanks MaryTaylorOH KeithFaber Cliff_Hite 
In Portsmouth, NH JohnKasich says that unity and optimism are key to solving problems and building consensus.  
ICYMI: Yesterday Iowa's Quad-City Times endorsed JohnKasich as the "poster-child for all thinking Republicans" 
2 states in 3 days on behalf of JohnKasich! Thank you for your support, Lt. Governor! 
JohnKasich is in Rochester, NH emphasizing the importance of returning $, power amp; influence to the states.  
Just out: 10th poll in a month that has JohnKasich securely in 2nd place in New Hampshire! 
Today's the day! For those of you planning to caucus in Iowa, find your caucus location here 
washingtonpost sets the record straight on JohnKasich's tax record: 
Joined by Sen robportman in Bow, NH, JohnKasich lays out his plans to reform education amp; balance the budget. 
Last day to help us hit our Jan. fundraising goal! Donate $25+ to receive a  pin! 
JohnKasich ran into some supporters at his hotel in New Hampshire yesterday! They're everywhere, folks. 
JohnKasich is in Salem, NH sharing his plans for the first 100 days if elected POTUS.    
Thank you for your support, Senator! 
We can make America safer amp; stronger! Iowans: Commit to Caucus for JohnKasich  
Don't miss JohnKasich on FoxBusiness w/ MariaBartiromo at 10AM EST today! 
No contest: JohnKasich has the best volunteers on the ground in New Hampshire!    
Very proud to be endorsed by the QCTimes! -John  Help continue our  
JohnKasich makes the case for a Balanced Budget Amendment in Keene, NH this afternoon.   
Thanks for your hard work, BC4Kasich students! 
Help us keep our TV ad running in New Hampshire in these critical days before the primary! 
Proud to have the support of the nytimes - Together we can make America safer amp; stronger -John  
JohnKasich speaks to a tightly packed crowd in Merrimack, NH this morning. Honored to have MaryTaylorOH with us! 
Volunteers like Rick are working hard to help us reach as many voters for JohnKasich as possible.  
Help us hit our Jan. fundraising goal! Chip in $25+ by Sunday and receive a  pin! 
Tune in to watch JohnKasich on TeamCavuto FoxBusiness at 11:15AM EST today! 
Don't miss JohnKasich on megynkelly  tonight at 9:30 EST! FoxNews 
Thanks ChuckGrassley amp; kaufmannGOP for joining JohnKasich on the campaign trail in Cedar Rapids this morning! 
New Hampshire newspaper endorsements? JohnKasich has cleaned up.    
JohnKasich enjoyed his lunch break at NewBoCityMarket in Cedar Rapids.  
Chip in $25 or more before the Sunday deadline and receive a  pin! 
West Virginia State Senator RyanFernsWV files JohnKasich's ppwk to appear on the WV GOP primary ballot.  
Watch JohnKasich talk to seanhannity after the  about his record of results: 
Who else is excited for February?     
This is our time to show ourselves and the world how Americans can come together. JohnKasich is the uniter we need. 
Thanks Lieutenant Governor amp; all of our volunteers who are campaigning hard for JohnKasich in New Hampshire today! 
Letter to the editor in Cedar Rapids, Iowa's Gazette says JohnKasich can break the Washington gridlock:  
Congrats to our two raffle winners who joined JohnKasich amp; campaign manager Beth Hansen at tonight's  
Recapping the  w/ seanhannity FoxNews tonight.  
If we make a positive difference for the mentally ill, we can lift America.  
Talking is easy. But America needs a president ready to solve the problems we face. America needs John Kasich. 
Ohio is stronger thanks to Gov. John Kasich. America, it's your turn.  
JohnKasich: If Iran is developing a nuclear weapon, "we're going to go in and take it out."  
Learn more about what Gov. Kasich has done for the mentally ill in Ohio: 
We all have the responsibility to reach out to amp; help our most vulnerable neighbors.  
Learn more about the amazing things happening in criminal justice reform in Ohio:  
JohnKasich amp; ChrisChristie: Let the record speak for itself.  
Who grew jobs faster? John Kasich  
Fact.  
When there is a crisis, John Kasich knows how to lead and will be ready.  
JohnKasich has the executive experience to deal with crises on Day 1.  
From the beginning JohnKasich has called for the repeal of Obamacare. There's a better way: 
Gov. Kasich has a plan to revitalize our cyber-defenses. Read more about it here:  
He's ready to defend America.  
"You're a good man, Governor Kasich." 
A strong America needs a strong leader. John Kasich is ready to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One.  
No candidate has more national security experience than JohnKasich.  
Experience can move America forward. It's worked before. It can work again.  
Only one candidate can guarantee a big win in Ohio.  
It's not about bombast, it's about leadership. It's about the ability to get things done.  
Thanks for the support, Congressman! 
JohnKasich checking out the stage in Des Moines, Iowa in preparation for the debate tonight!  
Today's Suffolk_U poll is the 9th this month that has JohnKasich in 2nd in New Hampshire! 
Looking for a leader who will never quit fighting for you? JohnKasich's your guy.   
Frmr Speaker of the Iowa House Brent Siegrist says JohnKasich has "right mix of talents and experience."  
We remember sadly the Challenger explosion that took the lives of Ohioan Judith Resnik amp; 6 other brave souls. -John 
Sign up today, learn more or chip in to support JohnKasich ---gt;  
Gov JohnKasich is live from Iowa on FoxNews with seanhannity - Tune in right now!   
JohnKasich was in Davenport, Iowa tonight emphasizing the importance of staying optimistic amp; uniting as a country. 
TUNE IN: JohnKasich will be a guest on FoxNews w/ seanhannity at 9:30pm CT (10:30pm ET) - Live from Iowa   
Only 13 days out from the New Hampshire primary amp; JohnKasich has racked up 8 NH newspaper endorsements!  
Another state checked off the list! JohnKasich is officially on the GOP primary ballot in Indiana.  
Today's endorsement from sentinelsource is JohnKasich's 8th in greater NH! sentinelsource 
Only 5 days from the  amp; the Daily Nonpareil is supporting JohnKasich! 
I'm proud and honored to receive The Keene Sentinel's endorsement. -John sentinelsource 
JohnKasich is racking up New Hampshire endorsements this month: via McClatchyDC 
It's a full house in Amherst, NH for JohnKasich's final town hall meeting of the day!    
ICYMI: New Hampshire's Bow Times gave JohnKasich a strong endorsement this month: 
JohnKasich talking college affordability at FPUniversity in Rindge, NH this afternoon.   
Yet another poll has JohnKasich securely in 2nd place in New Hampshire! Check out the ARG poll released today: 
JohnKasich makes his first stop of the day: a cozy town hall at Molly's Tavern in New Boston, NH.  
In a letter to the postandcourier, SC State Rep. ChipLimehouse makes the case for JohnKasich for president: 
Great news! The Concord Monitor ConMonitorNews gives JohnKasich a glowing endorsement: 
In case you missed it, last night the BostonGlobe endorsed JohnKasich! 
BostonGlobe says NH Republicans can do GOP a "critical service" by voting for JohnKasich. 
Proud to be endorsed by The BostonGlobe. -John 
JohnKasich talks strengthening infrastructure amp; fixing  in Kingston, NH tonight.  
Tomorrow JohnKasich will be on FoxBusiness Varneyco at 9AM EST amp; BillHemmer AmericaNewsroom at 9:10AM EST. Don't miss it! 
JohnKasich speaks to the Manchester, NH Rotary Club about encouraging job creation amp; balancing the federal budget. 
The contest ends at 11:59PM EST tonight! Win a trip to the IA  --gt;  
New Jersey's starledger came up with a pretty telling side-by-side comparison of JohnKasich amp; ChrisChristie. 
Today in Newmarket, NH JohnKasich shares plans to make higher education more affordable.   
We hope to have your support!  
Thank you for your support! 
The NJ starledger draws a sharp contrast in favor of JohnKasich over chrischristie: 
What happened to "Jeb!"? He planned to take America by storm, but instead he's fizzling out. 
We're 7 days away from the Iowa caucuses! Sign up and commit to support JohnKasich today! 
JohnKasich celebrating his 75th New Hampshire town hall with a welcoming Goffstown crowd this afternoon! 
On FoxNews today JohnKasich talks to MariaBartiromo about his recent surge in New Hampshire:  
Today JohnKasich held his 75th town hall in New Hampshire! Tough feat but worth it to meet so many Granite Staters! 
Support JohnKasich from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program! 
What happened to "Jeb!"? His ship appears to be sinking fast. 
The Council Bluffs, Iowa Daily Nonpareil amp; New Hampshire Valley News endorse JohnKasich: 
Thanks for your dedication, DC team! 
JohnKasich stops by HQ in Nashua, NH to greet volunteers amp; their families. Tnx to all of you for your hard work! 
JohnKasich is in Londonderry, NH this evening sharing his plans to cut wasteful spending amp; balance the budget. 
Anyone know what happened to "Jeb!"? He appears to have lost his exclamation point. 
JohnKasich speaks to a wonderful crowd in Milford, NH about lifting the tax burden on taxpayers amp; job creators. 
400k new private sector jobs, 400k families better off under JohnKasich's leadership. Results matter.  
JohnKasich at today's  GOP town hall: Demonizing opponents doesn't get us anywhere, but problem solving does. 
JohnKasich is speaking now at the First in the Nation Town Hall hosted by theblaze. Watch here on cspan: 
washingtonpost RuthMarcus calls JohnKasich's style refreshing in an angry election year: 
nytimes thomaskaplan says JohnKasich's calm amp; optimism appeal to New Hampshire voters: 
What happened to "Jeb!"? He planned to take America by storm, but instead he's fizzling out. 
JohnKasich squeezed in some extra public speaking practice with an impromptu stop at Toastmasters this morning. 
Tomorrow JohnKasich will be on CNN's Michael Smerconish smerconish live at 9:30AM EST. Don't miss it! 
JohnKasich shares plans to make college more affordable amp;  sustainable in Dover, NH tonight. 
washingtonpost edatpost says JohnKasich "stands in stark contrast" to negative, partisan candidates: 
JebBush couldn't fix his state's budget, so he left everyone else on the hook by hiking up fees.  
Under JohnKasich's leadership Ohioans have created more than 400,000 new jobs since 2011!   
JohnKasich shares his plans to defeat ISIS amp; keep America safe at a town hall in Franklin, NH this afternoon. 
Are you getting our latest news and updates? Download the  mobile app today! 
JebBush couldn't fix Florida's budget so he dropped $150 million worth of fees on everyone. Leadership fail. 
Proud of OH for creating 400k jobs in past 5 yrs. Were showing US that tax cuts amp; balanced budgets=results -John 
(4/4) JebBush couldn't fix his state's budget without raising healthcare fees for low-income kids.  
(3/4) JebBush couldnt fix his state's budget so he made mobile home owners pay more.    
(2/4) JebBush couldnt fix healthcare, so he made low-income families pay more for their meds.  
(1/4) JebBush couldn't control community college costs, so he made students pay more.   
It's an honor to receive SenBruceTarr's endorsement today!  
North Koreas arrest of an Ohio college student is inexcusable amp; he should be released amp; returned immediately. 
At a town hall in Wolfeboro NH JohnKasich talked about reforming healthcare so you can keep more of your paycheck. 
Same story, cell phone users. JebBush couldn't work it out so you got to pay more.    
Tough luck, snake owners. JebBush increased fees for you too.    
JebBush couldnt fix healthcare, so he made low-income families pay more.    
JebBush couldn't control college costs, so he made students pay more.    
sahilkapur says JohnKasich's optimistic spirit is resonating w/ voters in New Hampshire: 
JohnKasich will be on seanhannity FoxNews tonight at 10:25PM EST to talk about his surge in New Hampshire. Don't miss it!  
JohnKasich greets a group of volunteers from DC in Laconia, New Hampshire this afternoon.   
KarenKasich amp; twin daughters Emma amp; Reese make the case for the candidate they know best: JohnKasich. 
JohnKasich speaks at a Laconia Rotary meeting about how experience amp; optimism are the key to solving problems. 
Former Speaker of the Iowa House Brent Siegrist makes the case for a Kasich presidency: 
Support JohnKasich from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program! 
Former New Hampshire GOP Chair amp; author FergusCullen endorses JohnKasich for president: 
TheBowTimes: "It isn't time for an apprentice." Read the endorsement here:  
New WBUR poll has JohnKasich 2nd among NH independents, who make up 44 of NH electorate: 
BostonGlobe GlobeScotLehigh: JohnKasich is generating "real traction" in New Hampshire: 
JohnKasich is in Gilford, NH tonight sharing ideas to lower cost of higher ed amp; achieve energy independence. 
That's right! You too can be JohnKasich's Snapchat friend. 
Good to hear! Our volunteers are working hard to make personal contact with New Hampshire voters.   
Good turnout for the last event of the day in Gilford, NH.  
Our team is expanding in Iowa! Read more:  
A just-released poll by OANN amp; GravisMarketing has JohnKasich in 2nd in NH again! 
Tnx to former Congressman Tom Coleman amp; fmr State Rep. Ross McGregor for supporting JohnKasich at NashuaChamber. 
JohnKasich talks to Exel warehouse employees in Bow, NH about Social Security reform amp; benefits for our vets. 
JohnKasich covers everything from balanced budgets to keeping nukes from N. Korea at a town hall in Concord, NH. 
Don't miss JohnKasich on CNN wolfblitzer at 1:30PM EST! 
AP says JohnKasich is campaigning w/ optimism in New Hampshire:   
As president JohnKasich will help you keep more of your hard-earned income.   
Are you following JohnKasich yet on Snapchat? Search for "John Kasich" for an inside look at the campaign! 
JohnKasich tells BretBaier that ground game is key to New Hampshire breakthrough: 
JohnKasich speaks to the NHHouseofReps about unifying the nation to solve our greatest challenges.  
Fantastic piece in today's ConMonitorNews by former NH AG Tom Rath polguru:  
Former U.S. Congressman Chuck Douglas endorses JohnKasich for president:   
America needs leadership that delivers results. One year from today JohnKasich will be sworn in as President. 
John Kasich's surge in New Hampshire is not going unnoticed: BostonGlobe theoregonian  
JohnKasich invited some new friends to take a look around the campaign bus after his town hall in Hopkinton, NH. 
The WSJ says that JohnKasich's positive, uplifting approach is paying off. Read here: 
Saddened by the loss of one of RealBenCarson's team members. Prayers for his family amp; everyone out campaigning. -John 
At tonight's town hall in Hopkinton, NH JohnKasich shares plan to return more federal $ and power to the states. 
Tune in to hear JohnKasich's interview with hughhewitt at 7:15PM EST!  
JohnKasich produces real results for women, says letter to the editor in ConMonitorNews: 
The next President should be a Governor who has a record of accomplishment. TerryBranstad has been a great Gov for Iowa. 
Wonderful town hall at HavenwoodHH in Concord, NH. Photos courtesy of Emma amp; Reese!    
The Kasich family sits down with CNNPolitics DanaBashCNN on the campaign bus.  
Our prayers are with the individuals and their families from RealBenCarson's team involved in the car accident today. -John 
Gov. amp; Mrs. Kasich ran into Franklin_Graham at lunch at the Common Man restaurant in Concord today! 
It's called cleaning out the lauter tun, apparently. 
JohnKasich had a wonderful tour of hennikerbrewing in Henniker, New Hampshire this morning. They put him to work! 
In case you missed it, check out JohnKasich's job interview with theskimm!  
5th poll has JohnKasich in 2nd place in New Hampshire amp; his numbers are rising fast! 
This morning JohnKasich enjoyed a tour of Morse Sporting Goods in Hillsboro, NH.    
We're on the rise in NH! 21 days to go! Chip in $21 or more right now to help:   
bostonglobe's FarragherTom joins JohnKasich amp; Fmr Senator Gordon Humphrey on the campaign bus this morning. 
JohnKasich earns a resounding stamp of approval from The NashuaTelegraph this week: 
The NRA endorsed JohnKasich amp; gave him an "A" rating in 2014.  
Read JohnKasich 's full interview (Skimmterview?) here! theskimm  
Go Emma amp; Reese! 
If you have doubts about whether or not JohnKasich's volunteers are the best in NH, this video should crush them! 
JohnKasich talking economic policy at dartmouth TuckSchool this afternoon.    
Behind-the-scenes moment as volunteers gathered in Concord, NH last evening to greet the Kasich Family  
Another glowing endorsement from Foster's Daily Democrat:    
JohnKasich finding a quiet moment on the campaign bus in snowy New Hampshire.    
The Portsmouth Herald endorses JohnKasich amp; makes the case for a proven record. 
Live in PA or know people there who'd sign a petition to help get JohnKasich on the GOP ballot? Sign up today! 
Excellent letter to the editor in qctimes calling JohnKasich "the most capable candidate" amp; "proven leader" 
The Kasichs enjoyed talking w/Plymouth Communities for Alcohol amp; Drug Free Youth about drug prevention this morning. 
High praise from the NashuaTelegraph:    
We're only 14 days from the Iowa caucuses! Sign up and commit to support JohnKasich today! 
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., whose courage amp; strength have inspired the world for 50 yrs.  
So saddened to hear of the loss of Danville Police Officer Thomas Cottrell, who died in the line of duty this morning. -John 
Chilly evening, warm reception from volunteers amp; supporters as the Kasich family arrives in New Hampshire!  
JohnKasich is the candidate HillaryClinton is worried about facing in 2016.  
Lets unleash the private sector to create jobs. Its worked for Ohio, and it can work for the nation.  
Balancing the budget = Getting our economy moving again. The only one w/ a plan:  
It's time to elect a leader with the will and experience to lead America. It's time to elect JohnKasich.  
Bringing America together takes more than rhetoric -it takes action. And JohnKasichs ready to unite us.  
John Kasich's community-police task force was formed 12/14. The progress since then has been incredible.  
JohnKasich ran into the NYUWrestling team in New Hampshire today!    
No Republican has EVER won the White House w/o winning OH. --gt;  
Get our latest news and updates by downloading the TeamJohnKasich mobile app today! 
In case you missed last week's  watch JohnKasich distinguish himself as the candidate for opportunity. 
Thanks for your support!  
 in 4 new polls and endorsed by 3 newspapers =  -Help us keep it going!  
Tune in NOW - JohnKasich is live on FaceTheNation 
Don't miss JohnKasich on CBSNews FaceTheNation tomorrow at 11AM EST! 
Thank you CARosenberger amp; OhioHouseGOP members amp; staff for your dedication amp; support!  
Thanks to our volunteers knocking on doors in Lebanon, NH today. Stay warm and go team!    
First moose sighting in New Hampshire 
Thanks to everyone who braved the snowstorm to make it to JohnKasich's Dixville Notch Town Hall meeting!  
Support JohnKasich from your home by joining our National Phone From Home Program! 
Thanks for your support, Rep. Sears! 
Keep it up, team! 
Tnx to our incredible volunteers for braving the New Hampshire winter to knock on doors for JohnKasich!  
JohnKasich signs the famous fridge at ConwayDailySun.    
Thanks for your support!  
IowaSOS I oppose raising the min. wage b/c it leads to fewer jobs amp; higher prices, hurting the very people it is intended to help. -John 
Overflow crowd in Conway, NH for a Town Hall w/ JohnKasich!  Join the team today 
BREAKING: JohnKasich endorsed by the Portsmouth Herald amp; Foster's Daily Democrat   
Don't miss JohnKasich live on The Real Story with GretchenCarlson at 2:15p ET today!  
Lets make sure we all have the opportunity to realize the American Dream.   
I've enjoyed participating in IowaSOS's  w/ Iowa high schoolers this week. -John 
Proud to announce an endorsement today from my good friend Speaker CARosenberger. -John 
Read more: 
Live in PA or know people there who'd sign a petition to help get JohnKasich on the GOP ballot? Sign up today! 
Tnx to our hardworking volunteers who are headed to New Hampshire this weekend! Join them: 
Join the team! Visit 
A lot of Americans out there feel powerless stuck in a broken system. JohnKasich has a message for you.  
Bringing America together takes more than rhetoric -it takes action. And John Kasichs ready to unite us.  
JohnKasich has spent his career creating opportunity for every American, regardless of background.  
John Kasich knows what it means to take on the system -- and win.  
We gotta fight like crazy so people can think the American dream still exists  because it does.  
John Kasich's community-police task force was formed 12/14. The progress since then has been incredible.  
One of the very first accomplishments of John Kasich as governor --- the complete elimination of the estate tax in Ohio.  
JohnKasich doesnt just talk about tax cutshes cut taxes more than any other sitting governor.  
"[Blue collar workers] need to be paid attention to because theyre Americans and they carry the load."  
"The leadership of John Kasich was instrumental in Ford's decision to insource that work from Mexico to Ohio." 
John Kasich knows how to bring jobs from Mexico to America --- because he's done it.  
Four straight polls running 2nd in NH. Join the movement:  
Sometimes you have to talk straight to your friends.  
JohnKasich has said it all along: We must rally our allies to wipe ISIS off the map.  
Gov Kasich showing why he's surging in New Hampshire. Here's the 4th straight poll showing JohnKasich in 2nd place. 
JohnKasich's extensive nat'l security experience shining through in  Read more: 
John Kasich has a plan to boost our nation's energy industry.  
John Kasich's strong record on 2nd Amendment rights has earned him support in Ohio. 
JohnKasich was endorsed amp; given an "A" rating by the NRA for defending Ohioans' 2nd amendment rights.  
And no candidate is better prepared to defeat Hillary Clinton than John Kasich. 
Thx, Ari. A strong record of results doesn't hurt either. Read about it at  
If JohnKasich wins, so does America.  
Want to get things done? Elect a leader who gets things done and has a plan to bring America together.  
While we wait for this part of the debate to wrap up, let's learn a bit more about John Kasich's record.  
Read about JohnKasich's detailed plan to cut taxes at  
John Kasich is ready to lead, and knows what it takes to propel America's economy forward. 
Facts are facts. No sitting governor in the nation has cut taxes more than John Kasich.  
It's time to elect a leader with the will and experience to lead America. It's time to elect JohnKasich.  
"If you cut taxes for corporations and for individuals, youre going to make things move. -John Kasich 
Business is booming in Ohio. Look at the Kasich record.  
John Kasich is completely phasing out small biz taxes in OH. His plan to balance the fed budget cuts taxes for families amp; biz.  
Getting our economy moving again means balancing the budget. Whos the only one w/ a plan? 
Lets unleash the private sector to create jobs. Its worked for Ohio, and it can work for the nation.  
4 NH polls in 1 wk showing JohnKasich at  and on the move! Visit our website to join  --gt;  
America is ready for a president that has bucked the system -- and won. America is ready for John Kasich.  
Only JohnKasich has what it takes to win Ohio and beat Hillary. Watch him in action tonight at the  
Nice  
IowaSOS 2 ways I'll help young people: working w/ higher ed institutions to lower cost of attending amp; helping businesses create good jobs. 
Nice meeting you! Thx for your support 
4th poll in a week confirms that JohnKasich is 2nd in New Hampshire!   
No Republican has EVER won the White House w/o winning OH. JohnKasich will defeat Hillary - 
Checking out the debate setup in preparation for tonight's  in SC. Don't miss it! FoxBusiness 
Tune in to watch JohnKasich take the stage at 9p ET!  
Are you following JohnKasich yet on Snapchat? Search for "John Kasich."  
Participating in the Feb 1st IA caucuses? Sign up amp; commit to support JohnKasich today! 
JohnKasich facetiming with some of our New Hampshire volunteers from South Carolina tonight. Keep it up, team! 
Former U.S. Senate candidate Bob Turkavage from NJ is driving around New Hampshire campaigning for JohnKasich! 
It was nice meeting you! 
Thank you for your support! 
Very articulate amp; well-informed letter to the editor from an IowaStateU student in iowastatedaily today: 
IowaSOS I want to be president to help every American, no matter who you are, have the opportunity to reach your God-given potential. 
Job well done, nikkihaley. We can and must all do better. America never gives up.  
Read my full response to POTUS's final  
If we've learned anything from POTUS in 8 years, it's that on-the-job training doesn't cut it.   
Weak U.S. leadership in the Mideast allowed ISIS to rise. John Kasich knows what it takes to wipe them out.  
The world is calling on America to lead, but President Obama hasn't picked up the phone. Let's lead:  
POTUS has thrown key allies under the bus. See JohnKasich's plan to renew our alliances: 
JohnKasich cut taxes more than any sitting governor amp; helped Ohioans create 385,000 more jobs.   
Gov. Kasich has been working hard to improve college affordability. Learn all about it here:  
 has been a disaster. We must repeal amp; replace it.   
Opportunity is in Ohio. More than 170,000 jobs are available right now. Learn more at  
Gov. Kasich's 3rd Grade Reading Guarantee is already showing significant progress in Ohio.  
While Americas credit took hits, Ohios got stronger.   
Unemployment in Ohio has improved far faster than the national rate. Under JohnKasich its down to 4.5.  
Under JohnKasichs leadership, Ohios wages are growing faster than the nation's.  
Mr. President, theres a better way:  
Iran should release our sailors immediately and POTUS should call for it tonight.  
We can't let drug abuse take hold of our communities. Ohio is leading the fight to stop it.  
Looking forward to hearing the plan to strengthen the military amp; defeat terrorism Wait, thats next year.   
Looking forward to hearing the plan to cut taxes Wait, thats next year.   
Looking forward to hearing about the plan to balance America's budget... Wait, that's next year's   
Thanks to our amazing volunteers for braving the cold to reach voters for JohnKasich in New Hampshire!  
 
Momentum is growing fast as more New Hampshire voters hear JohnKasich's ideas for a safer, more prosperous America. 
A Hampton, NH small biz owner who met JohnKasich last week says Kasich has his vote: 
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on CNN New Day w/ AlisynCamerota tomorrow at 8:05AM EST! 
I'm looking fwd to participating in Thursday's FoxBusiness primetime debate in SC amp; sharing my plans for a safer amp; stronger America. -John 
Make that THREE new polls! monmouthu also has JohnKasich tied for 2nd in New Hampshire: 
Tied for 2nd in two new polls! Support JohnKasich's  w/ a $5 or more donation! 
Please take a moment to watch this great video from RobPortman abt why he's on   
30 days from the New Hampshire primary! Available to visit NH to help with our grassroots programs? Sign up today 
Our first deployment of Buckeye volunteers hit the ground running in Concord, NH this wknd. Go team go!  
UnionLeader amp; seacoastonline report on JohnKasich's success in New Hampshire this week: 
Gov. Kasich w/ marcorubio SenatorTimScott SpeakerRyan at  sharing stories of hope amp; opportunity. 
We're very excited to have Sen. RobPortman on  Watch his video message amp; pls share!  
Tune in to cspan right now to watch JohnKasich live at the   
Gov. Kasich is getting ready for the  at 11:30AM EST today. Watch the live stream at  
Gov. Kasich got a chance to meet the Vanderbilt Men's Basketball team in South Carolina. Good luck today VandyMBB! 
Thank you for your support! -John 
Tune in to watch Gov. Kasich live cnn smerconish at 9:45AM EST today! 
Honored to be endorsed by my friend amp; OH's great US Senator RobPortman -John 
Tune in to cspan - watch JohnKasich live at the Exeter, NH Town Hall   Standing room only! 
Gov. Kasich enjoyed meeting with the Yankee Fishermen's Co-Op amp; hearing about the challenges facing their industry. 
Checking out the "lobstahs" at the Yankee Fishermen's Co-Op this afternoon.    
It was a pleasure to meet you. Thank you for your service, sir! 
New Hampshire voters are impressed by JohnKasich's leadership in Ohio via LowellSunNews 
Glad to be participating. Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. -John 
New Hampshire voters are moving in JohnKasich's direction.    
Thanks for coming! Wonderful to meet you. 
Gov. Kasich shares his plans to ease the tax amp; regulatory burden on job creators w/ full house in Hampton, NH. 
When in Timberland, stop to buy a few birthday presents!    
Gov. Kasich having a great convo with Timberland employees in Stratham, NH about how to unify America.  
New Hampshire voters trading ChrisChristie signs for JohnKasich signs: UnionLeader 
We win battles w/ bullets, but wars w/ ideas. Gov. Kasich will defend the values that make us great.  
How do you fix the economy? JohnKasich lays out his plan to turn things around on FoxBusiness today.  
Talking to a packed house in Hudson, New Hampshire tonight about repeating Ohio accomplishments in Washington.  
Gov. Kasich's first TV ad is airing in New Hampshire! If you like it, RT to share w/ your family amp; friends. 
In case you missed it, Gov. Kasich held his 50th New Hampshire town hall this week!    
Today we filed a full slate of delegates amp; alternates in Puerto Rico! GOP_PR51  
Our entitlement systems are broken. Gov Kasich will control Medicaid spending in DC like he did in OH.  
Enjoyed a delicious lunch at MaryAnns restaurant in Derry, New Hampshire today!    
50 New Hampshire town halls!!    
Gov. Kasich fought for significant tax cuts and today Ohioans are paying $5 billion less.   
Gov. Kasich will be on FoxBusiness with Stuart Varney Varneyco) at 10:20AM EST. Tune in shortly! 
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on AmericaNewsroom at 10:10AM EST today! 
Covering everything from healthcare reform amp; job creation to immigration amp; N. Korea at town hall  tonight! 
Cake all around as we celebrate our 50th New Hampshire town hall in Hooksett tonight!    
Rider Fisk, wkxlnhchris's 10 yr old neighbor, asks Gov. Kasich a question at Pints amp; Politics tonight. 
Thanks to wkxlnhchris amp; deanspiliotes for having me at Pintsamp;Politics BarleyHouse tonight. -John 
Gov. Kasich is surging in NH: 
Tonight Gov. Kasich will hold his 50th town hall in NH! Our ground game is rock solid.   
ICYMI: A second NH poll has Gov. Kasich in 3rd place: 
Gov. Kasich is with NHCADSV at unhlaw to talk best practices for combating human trafficking in the U.S. 
Under Gov. Kasich's leadership, Ohio's credit outlook improved while other states got downgraded.  
What does a strong grassroots campaign look like? 50 town halls in 6 mths of campaigning in NH!  
Really enjoyed my POTUS job interview with theskimm this morning. -John 
As POTUS JohnKasich will never give up defending our allies from bullies who threaten our freedoms.  
ICYMI: Check out Gov. Kasich's full interview with TheFive at All credit to FoxNews 
Thanks for having me! -John 
Thx for having me on TheFive KimGuilfoyle EricBolling GregGutfeld DanaPerino amp; TheJuanWilliams -John 
Update: Look for Gov. Kasich on FoxNews TheFive at 5:10PM EST! 
Gov. Kasich changed the way Ohio does business amp; Ohio went from a 350k job loss to a 385k job gain.  
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on FoxNews TheFive at 5pm EST tonight!  
Gov. Kasich talks education reform amp; keeping costs down with NHPSC at the NewEngCollege Convention.  
Gov. Kasich on fighting drug use: "It takes a commitment to tell another person, 'Don't do it.'" AddictionPolicy 
Gov. Kasich is at  w/ jess_nickel, whose story is in his book Courage is Contagious. AddictionPolicy 
America never gives up amp; Im so grateful for our troops who never give up fighting to protect our freedom. John 
Have you seen our first TV ad? It's airing in NH today!     
Great crowd in Manchester NH as Gov. Kasich lays out his plan to rein in out-of-control spending.   
Excited to launch our Nat'l Phone From Home program today! Sign up at  
When it comes to defending our freedom,  JohnKasich has a plan to defeat ISIS: 
It's a full house in Des Moines today as Gov. Kasich shares his plans to spur job creation amp; grow economy.  
We're excited about our new TV ad that begins airing in NH on Tuesday. Check it out!    
Gov. Kasich talks w/ KCCINews abt upbringing amp; why  is important. Watch the interview Sun. at 10:30AM CST. 
They say it can't be done, but JohnKasich has a plan to balance the federal budget in 8 years:  
Gov. Kasich on meetthepress: 'I am the voice of people who have never been listened to." See full interview below. 
JohnKasich never stops fighting to make tomorrow better than today. Like America, he never gives up.  
Tune in Sunday to watch JohnKasich on nbc meetthepress. Check your local listing here: 
Strong win and a great season from my alma mater! Best of luck to all the players moving on! Go  and... \_()_/ -John 
Saddened by the loss of fmr US Rep. Mike Oxley, my friend amp; a man who cared deeply about our nation. -John 
Beat the Irish. O-H! -John   
From our family to yours,  Wishing you and your loved ones a blessed start to 2016. -John 
JohnKasich is up to  in NH and we have the strongest organization in the state. Lets win!   
Almost to 50, and we're not slowing down anytime soon!    
Download the  mobile app today for the latest news amp; updates! Visit:  
Great seeing you! Thx for attending 
HillaryClinton's advisors continue to say they are most worried about facing JohnKasich in 2016. Chip in today! 
Thank you for your commitment to public service amp; our nation, GovernorPataki. Best wishes to you and your family. -John 
He hasn't been gov for almost a decade, but JebBush still loves the good ole days. Here are some of his old faves. 
Thanks to everyone who braved the weather today!    
Gov. Kasich talks to tonight's Keene, NH crowd about being a voice for all Americans.    
Great to see you there! Thanks for coming. 
Wonderful crowd in Nashua today listening to Gov. Kasich's plan for turning the economy around.   
Learn more:  
Tune in to foxbusiness at 12pm today to watch Gov. Kasich on TeamCavuto.  
Update: Tune in at 9:40pm tonight to watch Gov. Kasich live on FoxNews with ShannonBream.  
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on  FoxNews at 9pm tonight! 
My statement on the Tamir Rice case. -John 
ICYMI: Check out our behind the scenes look at the Kasich family's recent trip to New Hampshire.   
Former U.S. Rep. petehoekstra highlights JohnKasich's "successful conservative record" on natl security. 
Check out UnionLeader's profile of JohnKasich's dominant NH ground game:  
Tune in this morning to watch Gov. Kasich on ThisWeekABC! Find your local listing here: 
Don't miss Gov. Kasich tmrw on ThisWeekABC w/ GStephanopoulos! Check your local listing: 
From our family to yours, Merry Christmas! -John, Emma, Reese and Karen Kasich 
On their recent NH visit, the Kasich Family spoke with steinhauserNH1 - Check it out! NH1News   
See our latest behind-the-scenes video from the Kasich Family in New Hampshire? Check it out!   
Gov. JohnKasich is polling 3rd in the most recent New Hampshire survey. Momentum is building!   
Check out a behind the scenes look at Gov. Kasich's recent trip to NH with his wife Karen amp; daughters Emma amp; Reese. 
You bet I am! It's working in Ohio.  -John 
Ohio is working together for a stronger tomorrow. -John 
It's an exciting week for our South Carolina team. We're honored to welcome you aboard, State Rep. ChipLimehouse! 
Anna's from Claremont NH amp; she wants to be a park ranger, marine biologist or in the Coast Guard-maybe all 3! -KK 
Anna Numme wrote a letter of support to our campaign amp; now we're lucky enough to have her on the bus with us. -KK 
Last stop in Concord, NH. We've met so many wonderful people these last few days! -KK   
Talking to NH1News about life on the campaign trail and why it's all worth it. -KK   
Nice! Get your own fleece here: 
Voters are looking for a leader with a record of bringing people together to get the job done. Results matter.  
Welcome aboard, South Carolina Senators Paul Campbell, Jr. amp; Greg Gregory! 
Donating food to New Horizons Food Pantry in Manchester w/ Emma amp; her friend Megan. It's a privilege to serve. -KK 
At the launch of Women for Kasich! John is talking about how his mother was the greatest influence on his life. -KK 
Sharing passion for fitness amp; heart health with ABC 's LinseyDavis this morning. -KK   
Enjoyed Sen. LindseyGrahamSC's wit amp; respect his seriousness on natl securityexperience matters. Best wishes to him. -John 
Talking with wonderful PRTSMTH crowd about how John is the right person to lead our country. -KK  
Talking w/ wkxlnhchris about importance of being home and taking care of our family while John is on the road. -KK 
Live in the green room WMUR9 sharing about Ohio's success in fighting human trafficking. -KK  
First stop, Manchester. Grateful to the Walkers for welcoming us to their lovely home! -KK   
Karen Kasich here! Im taking over the Twitter acct for the next 2 days while our family campaigns across NH! -KK 
JohnKasich has a plan to get money, power amp; influence out of Washington and back to the American ppl  
We need an executive who's been tried, tested -- and successful.   Learn more: 
America needs a leader that will bring people together for a stronger tomorrow. America needs JohnKasich  
Experience matters. JohnKasich served 18 years on the Armed Services Committee amp; is ready to be Commander-in-Chief. 
President Obama's failure to lead has empowered our enemies. JohnKasich is ready to fight back.  
JohnKasich has a comprehensive plan to strengthen national security amp; defeat ISIS. Read more here:   
HillaryClinton's advisors have said over and over that they're worried about facing JohnKasich in 2016  
Just saw this-good fit: A Trump-Putin ticket "Make Tyranny Great Again" SignUp  yr own risk 
Putin is a thug amp; a bully. Candidates should know it amp; say it. Our next President needs to stand up to him, not befriend him. -John 
Looking good BoomerangFr8Gal! Support JohnKasich, buy American this winter! 
Glad to see JebBush following our lead, questioning realDonaldTrump's readiness to lead. 
Gov. JohnKasich ended the day with a town hall in Waterloo at the WCA_PYP. See you again soon, Iowa!  
Check out our new JohnKasich mobile app! or "John Kasich 2016" on AppStore GooglePlay 
Gov. JohnKasich talks balanced budgets amp; immigration reform with ThePrincipal in Des Moines, IA.  
Thanks to our incredible team of volunteers, our ground game in Vermont is strong!   
Excited to launch our new JohnKasich 2016 mobile app. Download it today!  
On Dec. 17, 1903, the Wright brothers of Dayton OH made their first sustained amp; powered flight.   
Gov. JohnKasich sits down with brentroske in the beautiful  State Capitol.  
Gov. JohnKasich at the  "All the fighting and arguing is not advancing us." We need a leader who unites. 
Gov. Kasich shares plan for getting health costs under control at a town hall in Ankeny this evening.  
Wax it on, but dont wax this sticker off. Chip in $5 and show your support for JohnKasich! 
OhioSOSHusted accepts Gov. JohnKasich's filing for the presidency. It's good to be from the Buckeye State! O-H! 
Reform. Hope. Growth. Opportunity. Security. johnkasich knows the right ingredients for winning the White House. 
America needs a leader that will bring people together for a stronger tomorrow. America needs John Kasich. 
John Kasich tonight.  
The Russians have gotten away with too much.  
Let's be clear.  
Whatever it takes. 
From February: John Kasich has a plan to fight and destroy ISIS:  
Does Donald Trump believe he's bigger than the U.S. Constitution?  
Experience matters. John Kasich served 18 years on the Armed Services Committee amp; is ready to be Commander-in-Chief. 
It's time to take cyber-security seriously. John Kasich will make it a priority as president.  
In a dangerous world, America needs a serious and experienced leader. America needs John Kasich.  
It's time to join John Kasich's team and elect a president ready and able to lead. Sign up at 
"Unifier-in-Chief" 
"When I see they have a climate conference over in Paris, they should've been talking about destroying ISIS." -Gov. John Kasich  
On national security, experience matters. America needs John Kasich.  
America needs a president with a real plan to keep our nation secure. Here's John Kasich's:  
John Kasich has the experience America needs to take on terrorism.  
"We are Republicans and they are Democrats, but before that we are Americans." -Gov. John Kasich  
America is stronger. Together.  
Before we get started, here's a little reminder of what John Kasich brings to the table...  
Thanks NH volunteers for your incredible support!   
Gov. Kasich understands the challenges facing Americans today amp; is ready to lead them to a stronger tmrw.  
JohnKasich is ready to take the stage at the  Tune in to CNN at 8:50EST to watch.  
Gov. Kasich just finished his walkthrough of the  stage in Las Vegas. Tune in to CNN at 8:50EST to watch! 
At the VenetianVegas for the  Check out our geofenced Snapchat filter today for JohnKasich!  
TheStreet: Gov. Kasich is "thrifty fiscal planner" and "bipartisan deal maker." 
Gov. Kasich is ready. Tune in to  or at 8:30EST tonight to watch the  live! 
Want to get more involved? Sign up for Captains for Kasich today to volunteer amp; receive free campaign swag! 
You may value your constitutional rights, but realdonaldtrump is not as concerned. 
See Gov. Kasich's plan to keep America safe:  
Weather this election season with a warm, American-made  fleece! Order today! 
Congrats to Iowa's TerryBranstad as he becomes the longest serving governor in U.S. history today! -John  
Tune in to  today to watch Gov. Kasich on FaceTheNation. Find your local listing: 
JohnKasich will be a guest on CBS FaceTheNation on Sunday - Tune in! Find your listing: 
Gov. Kasich stopped to greet a small group in beautiful Peterborough, NH to end the day. See you again soon, NH! 
Our incredible volunteers made a stop in Gov. Kasich's hometown of McKees Rocks PA en route to Vermont. Many thanks! 
Gov. Kasich talks job creation and balancing the budget at SmithsMedical in Peterborough NH. OurTownNH  
At a town hall with Main Street America Group in NH, Gov. Kasich shared his plan to boost the economy. markfri09 
It's a packed house at CSWholesale in Keene, NH for Gov. Kasich's first town hall of the day! CSWGcommunity  
We need unity, not division, to keep America safe. America's national security transcends partisanship.  
See the plan here: 
Gov. Kasich sharing plan for better healthcare results at Merrimack, NH town hall. For more: 
Gov. Kasich stopping to chat at Manchester, NH treasure PuritanBackroom.   
Today Gov. Kasich enjoyed an incredible Italian lunch at Piccola Italia PiccolaitaliaNH in Manchester, NH. 
 to winters past in McKees Rocks, PA 
Gov. Kasich outlines his plan to destroy ISIS amp; ramp up counterterrorism efforts. For more: 
Gov. Kasich is live with brikeilarcnn in the CNNSitRoom. 
Gov. Kasich is at anselmscollege enjoying a Qamp;A with NH young professionals   grtrmanchester 
UPDATE: JohnKasich will be a guest on CNN CNNSitRoom w/ brikeilarcnn at 1:35PM EST - Tune in!  
Tune in to CNN at 1:15pm TODAY to watch Gov. Kasich on the CNNSitRoom with brikeilarcnn. CNNPolitics 
Relationships with our allies are critical to all we do. We must strengthen them and repair those that are damaged. 
Bullets win battles, but ideas win wars. We must win the war of ideas. 
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on the SpecialReport with BretBaier at 6! 
Gov. JohnKasich's national security speech at CFR_org is all over the news. Check out IBTimes coverage here: 
Tune in to FoxNews to watch Gov. Kasich on the SpecialReport with BretBaier at 6pm tonight. 
Gov. Kasich on cybersecurity today at CFR_org  
Sen. JohnSununu filed JohnKasichs list of state delegates and alternates at the NH statehouse.   
Leadership means pushing back against the aggression of bullies like Moscow and Beijing.  
The federal govt is losing on the cyber battlefield. It's a critical battle space that we MUST dominate.  
LIVE: Watch Gov. JohnKasich speak on nat'l security at CFR_org.  
Gov. JohnKasich is getting ready to deliver a speech on nat'l security at CFR_org at 12:30.  Watch here: 
Gov. JohnKasich will discuss Americas Natl Security w/ CFR_org at 12:30pm EST today -  Watch at: 
realDonaldTrump, Americans need a President who will unite us, not divide us. Agree? Sign: 
Grateful for the dedicated young volunteers who made the CLPforums event possible today!   
Gov. Kasich is talking about fixing our broken immigration system with AGAlanWilson  the CLPforums in SC.  
Gov JohnKasich is live at the South Carolina CLPForums event right now w/ AgAlanWilson  Watch: 
America needs a leader that will unite us, not divide us realDonaldTrump -Sign if you agree 
We need a leader that will unite us, not divide us realDonaldTrump - Sign if you agree 
Gov. JohnKasich on CNNSotu Sunday - It's time for a President who will unite us, not divide us. 
We said it 2 weeks ago amp; we'll say it again, realDonaldTrumps rhetoric is dangerous and bad for America. -Staff 
Former State Rep. Jim Zimmerman files Gov. Kasich's ppwk for Kentucky ballot. Many thanks to Kentucky volunteers! 
Today we honor the bravery amp; sacrifice at  Our troops deserve a Comm-in-Chief rdy to lead: JohnKasich 
Read more from JohnKasich on  
STATEMENT: Gov. JohnKasichs Response to President Obamas National Remarks on Terrorism 
Let us remember the lesson of Hanukkah. Light defeats darkness. It's up to us to live a life bigger than ourselves. Chag Sameach. -John 
UtahGOP Exec Director Bryan Smith accepts Gov. Kasich's ppwk to get on the ballot in Utah. Great work, team! 
Learn more about JohnKasich's Nat'l Security plan to make America safer amp; defeat ISIS  
Gov. JohnKasich is live on CNNSotu NOW - tune in!  
Gov JohnKasich will be a guest on CNNSotu on Sunday around 9:20AM EST - Tune in!  CNN 
Packed house at colbysawyer in New London, NH as Gov. Kasich lays out his plan to lead a coalition against ISIS. 
Gov. Kasich enjoying time with folks of all ages in Claremont, NH claremontnh today.   
Gov. Kasich is on the ballot in AZ, ID, LA, TN, amp; DC. Great work, state teams! 
Great audience engagement at today's town hall in Manchester_NH. Momentum is building.  
In 1991 the U.S. led a coalition to drive Saddam out of Kuwait. It's time to do it again to defeat ISIS.  
Tune in now! JohnKasich is on FoxNews talking about how we can make America safer amp; stronger. 
Tune in at 9:40AM EST this morning to see JohnKasich on FoxNews w/ marthamaccallum amp; BillHemmer 
Gov. Kasich sharing his vision for a stronger amp; safer America at a town hall in Salem, NH tonight.   
ISIS is out to destroy our very way of life. The next President must lead a coalition to destroy them on the ground. 
Gov. Kasich is live in the SIRIUSXM DC Studio for a town hall with MorningBriefing. 
America needs a leader who's battle-tested and cool-headed in times of crisis. Gov. Kasich is that leader.  
Gov. Kasich advocates for defeat of ISIS at  "We have to lead because when America leads, people follow." 
Gov. Kasich is on stage NOW at the  Watch live: 
Gov. Kasich is getting ready to speak at the Republican Jewish Coalition forum at 11:15. Watch live here:  
My thoughts amp; prayers go out to those impacted by the shooting in San Bernardino, especially the first responders. -John 
Proud of KarenKasich doing great things for children in need. 
60 years ago one person, Rosa Parks, changed the world. I pray America can have her courage to keep moving forward. -John 
The contest ends tmrw! Win a trip to the Las Vegas  on Dec. 15 - Enter at: 
Is realDonaldTrump worthy of the same job as Washington, Lincoln and Reagan? 
JohnKasich was in IA today for a Town Hall with voters at IowaStateU  Learn more 
How can realDonaldTrumps insults amp; anger make him worthy of the same job as Washington, Lincoln and Reagan? 
Don't miss today's  sale! Use the code: KASICH2016 for 25 off t-shirts! Visit: 
Win a trip for you and a guest to the Las Vegas  
Take a moment to visit our site and learn more abt JohnKasich's plan to maker America safer amp; stronger: 
Tune in NOW! Gov. JohnKasich is on ThisWeekABC 
Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest on ThisWeekABC at 9:25AM EST Sunday - Tune in!  
Senseless violence has brought tragedy to Colorado Springs. I pray for the families in mourning and have hope our nation can heal. -John 
Heres a first look at our new TV ad thatll begin airing tonight, Defending Our Way of Life - Watch it here. 
Our little contribution to the greatest rivalry in sports. Beat ichigan!  -John 
Use the code: "FRIDAY" on our store today for a  15 off discount!  
As you gather with your loved ones on this special day, my family and I wish you a very happy and safe Thanksgiving. -John 
In case you missed it: TIME (op-ed) JohnKasich: We Need Boots on the Ground to Defeat ISIS 
We're officially on the ballot in Idaho! Thx marvhagedorn, RobertAnderst amp; JimRiceIdaho  
Chip in $10 to automatically enter! 2 tix to the Dec. 15th  Get started here: 
Release: Kasich Campaign Names Veteran Nevada Political Strategist Zachary Moyle ZM1689) as State Director 
realDonaldTrumps rhetoric is dangerous and bad for America 
Mr. President, let's make this easy. The answer is "yes". It's time to join France and crush ISIS. -John nytimes 
Vietnam POW Col. Tom Moe: realDonaldTrump sows hate amp; discord enough is enough" 
A bully never expects anyone to fight back. And tonight you saw what happens when we did. See you on the trail, Mr. Trump. 
"Its not the American way US Army Veteran Jim Brady on Trumps call to make Muslims register with fed govt 
RealDonaldTrump sows hate amp; discord according to Vietnam POW Col. Tom Moe, enough is enough" 
Vietnam POW and US Col Tom Moe on RealDonaldTrumps insults to POWs: 
RepSteveStivers says RealDonaldTrump makes light of threat Russia poses 
Profoundly unpreparedhow Gulf War vet Jim Brady describes RealDonaldTrumps fitness to lead U.S. military: 
Vietnam POW Col. Tom Moe calls out the danger of Donald Trumps effort to silence dissent. 
US Army Veteran Jim Brady on RealDonaldTrumps call to make Muslims register with fed govt. 
In case you missed it, here's the video: Ohio Veterans Speak out Against realDonaldTrump 
ICYMI: Freedom matters. We must stand up for Ukraine amp; stand up to Putin. We know realDonaldTrump wont. 
LIVE on  Ohio Military Vets Discuss realDonaldTrump, Nat'l Security Prior to Trump's Speech 
realDonaldTrump does...does not...and does want a federal government religious database.  
Ohio Political Leaders to realDonaldTrump: This is JohnKasich Country.  
Ohio Political Leaders to realDonaldTrump: This is JohnKasich Country.  
Ohio Political Leaders to realDonaldTrump: This is JohnKasich Country.  
Ohio Political Leaders to realDonaldTrump: This is JohnKasich Country:  
It takes an experienced, level-headed executive to be President.  
Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest on meetthepress Sunday with chucktodd - Find your listing 
Thank you for your support! Sign up for updates today! 
Well done  supporters at CollegeGameDay! 
Freedom matters. We must stand up for Ukraine amp; stand up to Putin. We know realDonaldTrump wont.  
Read more about JohnKasich's National Security Plan to make America safer amp; stronger  
Ohioans have created 378,500 jobs in JohnKasichs time as Governor.    
Under JohnKasichs leadership, 36,300 New Jobs in October: the most for OH in 1 month since 1998.  
Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with seanhannity at 10PM EST tonight - Listen to his plans to make America safer amp; stronger  
JohnKasich was in N.H. today for a Town Hall amp; also walked around Nashua to visit with voters.   
Tune in to bpolitics at 5:20PM amp; 5:30PM EST to watch JohnKasich chat with MarkHalperin amp; jheil 
Freedom matters. We must stand up for Ukraine amp; stand up to Putin. realDonaldTrump sure wont 
JohnKasich will be a guest on FoxNews tonight at 10PM EST with seanhannity - Tune in!  
realDonaldTrump forced to retreat after JohnKasich takes on his "religious registration" plan.  
JohnKasichs statement on realDonaldTrumps call for forced religious-based registration with the federal gov't 
FACT: realDonaldTrump doesnt support NATO membership for Ukraine 
 We made a terrible mistake getting involved there 10/6 Ive never said we made a mistake going into Afghanistan CNN 10/20 
FACT: When asked who is best qualified to make an Iran deal? realDonaldTrump: I think Hillary would do a good job 
We need an executive who's been tried, tested -- and successful.  
realdonaldtrump thinks Ukraine should stay out of NATO. DTVP 
realDonaldTrump likes Putin in Syria, where he threatens Turkey, Israel and the E. Medit.  
ChuckTodd: So you wouldn't allow Ukraine into NATO? realDonaldTrump: I would not care that much to be honest with you. MTP 8/17/15 
realDonaldTrump wants to make Ukraine a slave to Russia again. No way. 
Pro-Russian Crimean separatist mayor of Yalta praising RealDonaldTrump we like you as an extraordinary person. washingtonpost 10/8/15 
The pro-Putin, anti-Ukraine mayor of Yalta loves the fact that realDonaldTrump hates Ukraine so much. 
RealDonaldTrump: I really understand whats going on in Syria...Why are we knocking ISIS? CNN 9/28  
realDonaldTrump wants to bomb Iraqs oil fields. Hullo $5 gas 
Trump: We made a terrible mistake getting involved there 10/6 Ive never said we made a mistake going into Afghanistan CNN 10/20 
realDonaldTrump thinks fighting OBL in Afghanistan was a mistake, oh wait, he 
WolfBlitzer: Who is best qualified to make Iran deal? RealDonaldTrump: I think Hillary would do a good job 9/24/07 
realDonaldTrump thinks hillaryclinton would be terrific negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran. Huh? 
Gov. JohnKasich has a National Security Plan to make America safer and stronger. Learn more amp; join  - 
JohnKasich is on FoxNews right now! Tune in to hear about his plans to make America safer amp; stronger  
Gov JohnKasich will be on FoxNews oreillyfactor tonight at 8:30PM EST - Tune in!  
JohnKasich 1st called for a coalition with boots on the ground to wipe out ISIS in February. Experience matters. 
Gov. JohnKasich was in SC today for a Town Hall at BeaconDriveInSC. Spoke abt how to make America safer amp; stronger 
While in S.C. for some Town Hall events, JohnKasich had lunch at the BeaconDriveInSC amp; stopped by WCCBCharlotte 
Tune in to FoxBusiness at 1:45PM EST - JohnKasich will be on with TeamCavuto 
  
It's about time, JebBush 
It was great to be with you. Thanks! 
Read JohnKasich's op-ed in TIME "We Need Boots on the Ground to Defeat ISIS" 
Our NH team is operating at full speed. Check out the full list of team leaders here:  
Gov. Kasich at RegentU's pres candidate forum with PatRobertsonTV, sharing plans to make U.S. safer amp; stronger. 
Support continues to build in SC as State Rep Jeffrey Bradley endorses Gov. Kasich: SCGOP 
75 Days to go until the Iowa Caucuses! Join our team and sign up to get involved!  
JohnKasich officially the 2nd to file for the GOP primary ballot in Virginia!  
Learn more about JohnKasichs Natl Security Plan that will make America safer amp; defeat ISIS   
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (5/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (4/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (3/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (2/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (1/5) 
Gov. JohnKasich is live on FoxNews right now - tune in!  
Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews at 7:20PM EST - Tune in! 
Big thx to BobbyJindal for everything he brought to this important race. Hope he continues to be a part of the national discussion. -John 
TUNE IN: JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with greta at 7:20PM EST - Talking Nat'l Security Plan amp; Defeating ISIS 
Learn more about JohnKasich's plans to make America safer amp; defeat ISIS 
Tune in to watch Gov Kasich unveil his plan to defeat ISIS and keep America safe. Learn more 
Tune in to at Noon EST to watch JohnKasich announce a National Security Plan to make America safer amp; destroy ISIS 
Have you seen our new ad? Watch it and tune in to at noon EST to learn more from JohnKasich 
America needs an experienced amp; steady hand in the battle against terrorism. America needs JohnKasich 
Gov. Kasich says NO to new Syrian refugees in Ohio. 
The security of Americans must come first. 
We must join NATO amp; regional allies on the ground to wipe out ISIS. We cant wait any longer. -John 
Its shocking the President doesnt realize his policies on terror amp; ISIS are failing. We need to act now. -John 
JohnKasich will be live on FoxNews w/ billhemmer at 10AM EST and FoxBusiness w/ Varneyco at 10:15AM  
Good to hear marcorubio and LindseyGrahamSC have joined my call for NATO to invoke Article 5. It's time to end ISIS. -John 
Gov JohnKasich is live on FoxNews right now! Read more about his proposal to work w/ our allies to destroy ISIS 
Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews in just a few minutes to join MariaBartiromo on SundayFutures - Tune in! 
Tune in! JohnKasich will be on FoxNews SundayFutures with MariaBartiromo at 10AM EST Sunday  
HillaryClinton's advisors have said over and over that they're worried about facing JohnKasich in 2016  
We need an executive who's been tried, tested -- and successful.   
Gov JohnKasich has a plan to get money, power amp; influence out of Washington and back to the American ppl  
No active Governor has cut taxes more than Gov. John Kasich. Lower taxes work. 
Last week, Gov. Kasich talked about the absolute importance of destroying ISIS. 
Paris was a wake-up call. Enough is enough -- it's time to act.   
JohnKasich has nearly two decades of national security policy experience. It's time to get serious, America. 
HillaryClinton has consistently failed to understand the depth of the ISIS threat. We need JohnKasich's leadership.  
President Obama's failure to lead has empowered our enemies. JohnKasich is ready to fight back.  
No candidate for President is more ready to lead in the fight to defeat terrorism than JohnKasich. 
JohnKasich has a comprehensive plan to strengthen national security. Read about it here:  
JohnKasich has a plan for victory over ISIS. Learn all about it here: 
Watch Gov. JohnKasich's full remarks from today's FloridaGOP Sunshine Summit  
Tune in to cspan now to watch JohnKasich speak live at the FloridaGOP Sunshine Summit 
U.S. should Immediately Work with Allies to Destroy ISIS  
We can't wait any longer. ISIS must be wiped out.  
A Prayer to the Lord for France:  
Our prayers go out for the people of Paris tonight. -John 
Former CO Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell says Kasich would be ideal president. CO_4Kasich 
Gov. Kasich stops by nhpr to talk balanced budget, strong national defense, amp; everything in between.  
It's a packed house at riverwoodsrc for Gov. Kasich's 2nd town hall of the day! Thanks ExeterNH for your support. 
Gov. Kasich engages w/ voters in ExeterNH today, shares plan to balance fed. budget by end of 2nd term  
Thank you votetimscott for a great  event yesterday! 
There's one Republican candidate who Hillary Clinton's advisors are most worried about facing... 
Learn more about JohnKasich's plan to balance the fed budget amp; return money, power amp; influence to the American ppl 
Tune in NOW - JohnKasich is on FoxNews with seanhannity  
America deserves an executive that's been tried amp; tested -- and successful.   
Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest on FoxNews with seanhannity tonight at 10:20PM EST - Tune in!  
Awesome turnout in SC for the  event w/ votetimscott - Join our team 
Gov JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with TeamCavuto at 4:30PM EST - Tune in!   
No More On-the-Job Training. Learn more about the  plan  
My thoughts and prayers are with the family members of those involved in this tragic plane crash in Akron. -John 
On  we salute the brave men amp; women who have put themselves in harm's way to preserve our freedom.-John 
JohnKasich is live on FoxBusiness NOW - tune in!  
On the job training doesn't work. America needs experienced, successful leadership.  
JohnKasich is ready to hit the ground running and be the President America needs.  
John Kasich is the conservative leader America needs, ready to lead from Day 1.  
There's no doubt John Kasich has the experience to hit the ground running and keep our nation safe. 
Real threats require real experience and real strategies. Gov. Kasich was ready on Syria:  
JohnKasich has more nat. sec. experience than anyone on the  stage tonight. 18 yrs on Armed Svcs Cmte. 
Our nation's debt continues to spin out of control. It's time to get serious.   
Vote now! Which fleece is your favorite?    
Want economic growth? John Kasich has made it happen.  
Giving a free  Tumbler - random from the first 250 RTs! Go!  
"This guy" has a plan to balance our nation's budget -- again. Read all about it:  
"This guy" cut taxes for Ohioans by $5 billion. Today, those same Ohioans have created 350k new jobs.  
"This man" led the fight to balance four federal budgets.  
Again, Mr. Trump? You were already called out once: 
Bill Clinton signed it. JohnKasich amp; congressional Republicans wrote it. 
Who does HillaryClinton fear the most in 2016? Her own advisors say JohnKasich 
JohnStossel and FoxBusiness looked at JohnKasich's spending record. Here's what they found.  
Want numbers? We've got numbers. John Kasich is ready to balance America's budget. 
John Kasich's plan would cut taxes for every American, grow the economy and balance the budget. Read about it here: 
In the weakest post-war economic recovery in history, it's time for a leader with results.   
JohnKasich's campaign mgr congratulates our debate contest winners, Mike amp; Gail from NH   
Before tonight's  read up on JohnKasich's plan to balance America's budget -- again. 
America needs a leader who can hit the ground running. Show your support for JohnKasich. 
Sign our petition and send a message to HillaryClinton -- Republicans aren't the enemy. 
Tune in to watch JohnKasich at the  tonight at 9PM EST! Watch on FoxBusiness or  
JohnKasich on today's  walkthrough - Tune in tonight at 9PM EST! FoxBusiness 
Think I have the Bucks ready to play the Celtics tonight. -John  
Tune in now to watch JohnKasich shooting around with the Milwaukee Bucks   
Be sure to follow JohnKasich on snapchat! He'll be live with the Milwaukee Bucks here shortly! User: John Kasich 
Who is Hillary Clinton most worried about facing in 2016? 
Looking forward to it! 
Thanks Chicago for a fun debate sendoff at Cheezborger! Tune in to FoxBusiness at 9EST tomorrow! 
Our campaign is continuing to grow every day! Chip in today to show your support!  
Sign up to volunteer in your community today!   
Learn more about JohnKasich's plan to balance the federal budget and return money, power amp; influence to Americans 
Tune in to CBS right now! JohnKasich is on colbertlateshow with StephenAtHome   
Gov. JohnKasich will be on colbertlateshow TONIGHT with StephenAtHome - Tune in to CBS at 11:30PM EST 
Tune in tonight! JohnKasich will be on CBS colbertlateshow with StephenAtHome  
JohnKasich filed this morning for the New Hampshire GOP Primary Ballot!   
Another great day in N.H.! JohnKasich spoke at PortsNHRotary amp; a Balanced Budget For Us Town Hall at UofNH  
Thanks for hosting! See you next time.   
Loving New Hampshire. -John 
Senior NH legislator Robert Rowe has a good reason for switching his endorsement to JohnKasich   
Tune in online now! jonkarl is live with JohnKasich on the  in NH 
The  Tour continues this week in New Hampshire!   
Tune in Friday! JohnKasich will be on CBS colbertlateshow with StephenAtHome  
America must stand by allies like Ukraine and the Baltic nations, as well as join a coalition to defeat ISIS 
Kasich Campaign Brings Aboard Veteran N.H. Political Strategist Andy Leach -   Read more: 
We must strengthen amp; expand our allied relationships to defeat ISIS 
Ohio has real heroes on our Highway Patrol. Incredible video from the OSHP. -John 
The Russian airliner explosion shows we cant waver in the fight against ISIS 
JohnKasich was in Clinton, Mississippi today. Great visit with College Republicans!  MissCollege 
Tune in! Gov. JohnKasich is on TheLeadCNN now! CNN  
Congrats on your win! 
Glad to have RyanFernsWV, DanielHallWV, and Delegates Roger Hanshaw amp; Matt Rohrbach on  
Really proud of the incredible team at the ohiogop, led by ChairmanBorges. Strong victories all across Ohio last night. -John 
Congrats TateReeves on your re-elect as Mississippis Lt. Governor and PhilipGunnMS amp; snowlaw on your key House wins! 
Congrats BG's Richard Edwards, Mansfields Tim Theaker, Reynoldsburgs Brad McCloud,Hillsboros Drew Hastings amp; Dovers Richard Homrighausen 
Chairman JohnMatthews2 amp; the MarionOhioGOP are working hard to  
Some big wins in Ohio tonight! Congrats to Fremonts new GOP Mayor Danny Sanchez amp; Jeff Halls re-elect in Newark. 
Another victory for good, conservative governing. Congrats to PhilBryantMS on your re-election! -John 
Congrats to MattBevin on the huge win tonight in KY. Great job by The_RGA as they add to the ranks of Republican governors. -John 
Proud Ohioans voted no on Issue 3 and instead chose a path that helps strengthen our families and communities. -John 
Just about 2.5 hours left! Chip in $10+ to automatically be entered for a chance to win! 
Great seeing you! Thank you 
Thanks! 
A big win tonight in the Manchester Mayor race for GatsasForMayor. Congratulations! -John 
JohnKasich filed for the Alabama GOP primary ballot! Thx to GovernorBentley, MayorStimpson and our Alabama Team! 
Gov. JohnKasich was in Dubuque, IA today for another town hall with voters   
The time for business as usual is over. Learn how we'll eliminate waste amp; send power back to the states.  
Our great  volunteers in Virginia today collecting signatures to get JohnKasich on the GOP ballot 
Ohioans: Here's a link to find your polling location to vote today or view a sample ballot. Polls close at 7:30PM! 
Don't miss your chance! 
Another great  event today! JohnKasich was in Des Moines for a Town Hall -Sign up: 
Proud to have Arkansas State Rep. MatPitsch on  
We are 99 days from the New Hampshire GOP primary! Join the team today   
Business as usual is over. Let's dismantle the hopelessly broken Commerce Department. 
JohnKasich unveils further details of strategy to dismantle the Washington bureaucracy  
Less than 48 hours left! Support JohnKasich with $10+ donation to be automatically entered! 
Fred Thompson was a good man. A Titan. Let's strive to work for a stronger America as he did -- relentlessly. Rest in peace, Senator. -John 
Thank you for your support! 
Chip in $10+ to automatically enter - win tix for you amp; 1 guest to the Nov. 10th  
Tonight 60Minutes looks at the drug problem we've been fighting for 5 years. Find out how you can help: -John 
Gov JohnKasich is on CNNSotu now - Tune in! CNN  
Tune in at 9AM EST - JohnKasich will be on CNNSotu w/ DanaBashCNN  CNN 
Abt 2 hours left in our Oct $$ deadline! Chip in $25+ to get a  lapel pin 
Thx for sharing the   pics! 
Thank you for your support! 
Be sure to sign up to volunteer also! 
Tune in Sunday - JohnKasich will be on CNNSotu at 9:00AM EST  CNN  
Learn about Gov. JohnKasich's plan to balance the federal budget amp; create jobs 
Tune in NOW! JohnKasich is on FoxNews -  
Tune in to CNN Saturday at 9AM EDT - JohnKasich will talk with smerconish 
JohnKasich will be a guest on FoxNews oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM EDT - Tune in!   
Great to see my friend Schwarzenegger today 
JohnKasich on the need for troops in Syria all the way back in February. Experience matters. 
JohnKasich called for boots on the ground to combat ISIS in Feb. on CNN 
Read the  plan here amp; sign the petition if you agree: 
Join  today and chip in to help with our October fundraising goal!  
Learn more about the  plan amp; sign up to help us make America stronger 
HAPPENING NOW: JohnKasich is on FoxNews with SeanHannity - Discussing  amp; the  plan 
Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with seanhannity at 10:25 EDT - don't miss it!  
New web video: JohnKasich's Debate Performance: Presidential   
Tune in tonight: JohnKasich will be on CNN AC360 at 8PM EDT and on FoxNews with seanhannity at 10:25PM EDT 
Check out this great Iowa Leadership Team!   
Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest on CNN shortly after 8PM EDT with andersoncooper - Tune in!  
Chip in $25 or more before the Sat deadline and receive a  lapel pin!  
Just had some special visitors to  HQ thanks to Uber on   
The House is in good hands. Congratulations Speaker PRyan -John  
JohnKasich will be on FoxNews w/ BillHemmer soon after 10:30EDT amp; FoxBusiness Varneyco at 10:50EDT - Tune In!   
TUNE IN: JohnKasich will be on FoxNews w/ BillHemmer soon after 10:30EDT amp; FoxBusiness Varneyco at 10:50EDT   
The debate winner was Kasich He was strong and unflustered and the most presidential. 
  
After the debate, JohnKasich spoke w/ the media amp; visited the  CO Debate Watch Party to thank volunteers 
Larry_Kudlow: "Kasich had a good night ... he wants tax cuts and he's done that in Ohio." 
The spin room is in full effect.  
America deserves a President ready to unify us, create change and lead. Join the team: 
Donald Trump is proud of the length of the debate. John Kasich is proud of balancing our nation's budget. 
John Kasich shows you HOW he's going to balance the budget. Learn more:  
Getting Medicaids unsustainable growth rates under control requires giving states more freedom to innovate and increase efficiency. 
It's not just talk. John Kasich has made a real difference to improve college affordability in Ohio.  
"Republican leaders ought to follow Kasichs lead and explore federalism reforms." 
Facts matter. 
You're right, Mr. Trump. You may be the only one who has created "tens of thousands of jobs." John Kasich? 350,000 
John Kasich has a plan. One that will work for America and balance the budget. No other candidate can say the same. 
John Kasich is taking the lead to fight opiate abuse in Ohio. Just this week.... 
Let's get serious about a balanced budget amndmt. John Kasich has fought for it his entire career.  
You can't argue with the results. 350,000 new private sector jobs in Ohio under Gov. Kasich.  
Does John Kasich have what it takes to oversee a $17 trillion economy? He's done it before.  
This week JohnKasich signed the ATR pledge to oppose tax increases as President.  
Cutting taxes? Done that.  
When will Donald Trump remember being President isn't about ratings, it's about leadership...  
John Kasich is the ONLY candidate with a plan that WILL balance the budget. Read it here: 
Facts matter.  
America deserves a President who can take on the serious challenges facing our nation.  
Real leadership matters. Sign here if you agree.  
....and then there's this, Mr. Trump.  
Here's John Kasich's real record, Mr. Trump.  
Sorry, Mr. Carson, the math on your tax plan just doesn't add up.  
Enough is enough. Our nation deserves a leader who will take this job seriously.  
Ready? We are.  
If you're not following JohnKasich on SnapChat, you're missing out.  
It doesn't get much bigger than Tom Rath in NH. Blessed to have him in my corner at the  -John  
A few behind the scenes pics with JohnKasich at the  walkthrough, green room amp; some warm up 
If anyone is getting bored in their green room today, you can come to mine and play some HORSE. -John  
It's Snapchat time - give us a follow!  
Leading the most powerful nation the world has ever seen is a sacred trust - not a reality TV show. 
It can happen again -John  
Today we announced our Colorado Leadership Team!   Read more: 
Today Gov. JohnKasich signed the Taxpayer Protection Pledge GroverNorquist 
Job creation takes tax cuts. I cut taxes $5 billion as Gov amp; OH created 350K jobs. We need to do it for the US too amp; I will. -John 
Our GOP Debate sendoff rally in OH today as JohnKasich heads to Colorado! Watch CNBC Weds 8PM EDT  
We're very excited to announce our Ohio Leadership Team - Learn more and sign up to endorse Gov. Kasich in Ohio! 
Happening Now: GOP Debate Sendoff Rally in Ohio -  
You don't create jobs through bombast 
Learn more about JohnKasich's plan to balance the federal budget and restore power to Americans  
JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with megynkelly in a few minutes! Tune in!!   
TUNE IN: Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with megynkelly at about 9:15PM EDT tonight!   
"Bombast" isn't what creates jobs. Sign our petition if you agree: 
We're excited to have former House Majority Leader Dick Armey on Team Kasich!  
Our country needs real leadership and not empty, false rhetoric. 
Nope. Together OHIO brought Ford back from Mexico: 
JohnKasich was in Manchester amp; Milford, N.H. Friday for town hall events w/ voters   
READ: JohnKasich in the UnionLeader "Balancing the budget is a moral imperative"  
Don't get too comfortable Josh! Luckily there's another chair I'm aiming for. -John 
Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest today on FoxNews with greta - Tune in at the 7PM EDT hour   
I enjoyed meeting Sixers coach Brett Brown today. -John 
Just getting warmed up. 3pts cc Sixers (don't delete this) Great young team  
Thank you for your support!!  
Another first! From akgop: John Kasich first to file for Alaska presidential preference poll  
[VIDEO] Gov. John Kasich Urges Congress to Override Veto of Defense Bill - Read more: 
Excited to announce our Missouri team! RyanSilvey milescross WillardAaron brendancossette  
In today's UnionLeader - "Balancing the budget is a moral imperative" JohnKasich Read more: 
 - Join the team today! 
Tune in tomorrow morning for the MSNBC Morning_Joe Town Hall from New Hampshire - 6AM, 7:30AM amp; 8:30AM EDT  
Great discussion w/ the Dartmouth CR's today after filming the Morning_Joe Town Hall in N.H. -John 
Read N.H. Sen. Gordon Humphrey's WashTimes op-ed about JohnKasich's  plan 
JohnKasich taped a Morning_Joe Town Hall in New Hampshire today. Tune in: MSNBC Friday 6AM ET!   
When it comes to HillaryClinton, JoeBiden and JohnKasich agree.... 
Proud to announce S.C. Sen. Raymond Cleary amp; State Rep. Gary Clary are endorsing JohnKasich  
Enough is enough-America needs a president rdy amp; able to take on the biggest challenge facing our children's future. 
We're excited to announce our Pennsylvania Leadership Team!   
JohnKasich is the ONLY candidate who's actually led the effort to balance the federal budget. We can do it again. 
Ohio  Team - Hope you can join us in Westerville next week! 
A serious voice in higher education talks about Gov. Kasich's efforts to improve college affordability in Ohio. 
The Kasich Action Plan sends the power back where our Founding Fathers intended--the states. 
Check out the latest  items on the JohnKasich store! 
Congrats to JDayGolf on regaining  Great to have him calling Ohio home. He works hard and it shows. -John 
JohnKasich's Action Plan can and will work for America. Learn all about it here: 
Nice try. Hope to see you in Glendale. -John 
Thank you OUCRs for collecting signatures in VA today for JohnKasich to appear on the GOP ballot!  
Here's a recap from the  Tour amp;  Kasich Action Plan    
Thanks for having me on! -John  
JohnKasich will be on the LarryKudlowShow via 77WABCradio at 12:05PM EDT - Listen live here: 
Thanks for your support!  
JohnKasich was on FoxNews w/ SeanHannity to talk abt the Kasich Action Plan   
READ: johnKasich's WashingtonPost "Washington is Obsolete"  
Join the team today!  
Tune into FoxNews at 10:35PM EDT - JohnKasich will chat w/ SeanHannity about the Kasich Action Plan   
When government steps back, we can step forward. Learn how you can be a part of it. -John 
Read JohnKasich's WashingtonPost column abt how to get money, power amp; influence out of DC and back to Americans 
Thanks for hosting! It was a great event. 
It's time to get serious about balancing the budget. John Kasich's comprehensive plan: 
Enough is enough. The time is now for real solutions.  
bjnovak said lists are the best. We agree. See JohnKasich's economic plan on thelistapp   
Our new  bumper sticker is available on the  store! 
John Kasich just unveiled his plan to balance our nation's budget. Read all about it here: 
.JohnKasich is LIVE on cspan right now! Tune in to hear the Kasich Action Plan  
James Madison had it right. Watch LIVE: 10:30 EDT  
We have a Snapchat filter running in N.H. today highlighting your $57K+ share of the runaway nat'l debt  
America deserves a real balanced budget. Watch LIVE: 10:30a EDT  
Via washingtonpost - John Kasich: Washington is obsolete  
Tune in on CSPAN at 10:30AM EDT - JohnKasich unveils the Kasich Action Plan - Learn more: 
(2 of 2) You'll also be able to find a live feed from ABC at 
Tune in: cspan at 10:30AM EDT today - JohnKasich's Plan to Get Money, Power and Influence Out of Washington amp; Back to Americans  
The  Tour continued today! Fadden's General Store, homemade maple syrup, Plymouth Town Hall amp; more! 
Last night Hillary called every Republican her enemy. Americans deserve a lot better.  
Thank you for your support!  
Thanks! Be sure to sign up for updates:  
Our great IL Team (cont.) SeanMMorrison AaronDelMar CookCounty17th JobeWard6 Doublejfarney kriskstephenson 
Excited to announce our IL Team! Cradogno ElectCronin edsullivanforIL RonSandack TomDemmer Pat_brady 
Glad that's over? Us too. On Thursday, it's time for real solutions.   
While  candidates can't hike taxes fast enough, it's JohnKasich that's returned tax dollars to the people. 
While Hillary Clinton charges colleges $275k per speech, JohnKasich delivers real ideas to cut college costs. 
A Town Hall in Bow  a visit w/ voters at a Tilton diner  a walking tour amp; Town Hall in Littleton   
It's all talk and no calls for action at the  JohnKasich demands a no-fly zone in Syria. 
Anderson Cooper makes a good point.  
TitusPulloSPQR We were in Michigan yesterday! Please check our Michigan page for details about upcoming events: 
Post a pic of yourself with the  in N.H. today with that hashtag amp; well send you some campaign gear! 
RSVP here!!  
In Grand Rapids, M.I. today, Gov. Kasich toured Lacks Enterprises, Inc. - Join our MI team at 
Gov JohnKasich is in Manchester, N.H. to speak at the NoLabelsOrg Convention   
We're very excited to announce our National Leadership Team! Learn more:  
RSVP here:    
The  is in N.H. this week! Post a pic of yourself with it and we'll send you some free campaign gear! 
We'll be in New Hampshire next week to continue our  tour - Get the event details:   
JohnKasich was on FoxNews with Greta last night - watch and sign up to get involved! 
Bus Tour Day 1  -  Stratham NH Town Hall amp; VTGOP Fall Dinner  
Thx for the  cookies! Join the team today! 
Gov. JohnKasich will be in Vermont this evening to attend the VTGOP Fall Harvest Dinner. Looking fwd to it!   
JohnKasich is in N.H. today - Attending a Stratham Town Hall now amp; don't miss the  
JohnKasich was on w/ SeanHannity - Talked balancing budgets, creating jobs and getting America back on track. 
Gov JohnKasich is in N.H. today and will attend the  FixtheDebt event - NH1News is live at 11AM EDT 
Reminder: Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with seanhannity at 10PM EDT  
Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest on FoxNews with SeanHannity tonight at 10PM EDT - Tune in!  
NEW POLL: Record high poll numbers for JohnKasich. Ohioans know him best. And they know he works.  
Excited to share that RobertAnderst is endorsing Gov JohnKasich for President! Joining marvhagedorn  
Today is the 1st day to collect the signatures we'll need to get on the Illinois GOP ballot! Sign up to help at 
Coming soon New Hampshire!    
What are Clinton campaign advisors worried about? Facing an OH Gov with a 62 approval 
We opened our Manchester, NH HQ last week! Sign up to get involved   
Tune in! Gov. JohnKasich will be on CBSThisMorning tomorrow at 8AM EDT  
Thanks for your support!  
Jay was not impressed that I own a Toyota Avalon -John  
REMINDER: Gov. JohnKasich will be a guest on ABC's TheView today! Tune in at 11AM EDT 
Gov. JohnKasich will be on ABC's TheView Wednesday morning at 11:00AM EDT - Tune in!  
Update: Gov JohnKasich is on CNN with wolfblitzer now! Tune in  
Tune in at 1:30PM EDT TODAY - Gov. JohnKasich will be on CNN with wolfblitzer 
You can also tune in to watch the USHCC Qamp;A at 11:30AM EDT online at: 
Gov JohnKasich will participate in a Qamp;A w/ the USHCC amp; JPalomarez at 11:30AM EDT - Watch live online at 
Had a great time! Thank you 
Standing room only for our Richmond, VA town hall today! 
Glad to have DelCPeace, DelGlennDavis, Emmett_Hanger, DelRVillanueva on Team Kasich!  
Excited to announce our Virginia leadership team, including Cong. Tom Davis  Read more: 
Standing room only crowd at our  event in Richmond, VA! 
We're looking forward to our town hall event in Richmond here shortly! See you there!!  
Great to have former N.H. Senator Gordon Humphrey and political leader Peter Thomson on the team!  
The Manchester, NH HQ is officially open! Sign up to get involved today!   
Tune in NOW to watch a live interview with JohnKasich amp; MarkHalperin - from our Manchester, N.H. headquarters! 
Sanctuaries for civilians, no-fly zones amp; a coalition to defeat ISIS: it's time for moral leadership on Syria -John 
Happening Now: Gov. JohnKasich in Goffstown, NH answering Q's at a Town Hall w/ voters   
Excited to announce that conservative stalwart amp; former NH Sen. Gordon Humphrey is endorsing Gov. JohnKasich   
ICYMI: Kasich Calls for No-Fly Zone in Syria to Protect Civilians and Refugees 
GovernorSununu jmartNYT Jeb's oppo team's in OH now rifling thru my archives amp; I'm sure they "lost" my copy. Can u send another?  -John 
The thoughts and prayers of Ohioans go out to the families amp; victims of the tragic shooting in Oregon today. -John 
Looking fwd to attending the USHCC Qamp;A with JPalomarez on Oct 6th - Get the details here: -John 
We have about 90 minutes left before the fundraising deadline. Here's how you can chip in:  Thanks! 
House of Hope is saving lives through faith. It was an honor to be there. -John 
We have a critical fundraising deadline at midnight! Pls consider chipping in:   
Happening Now: Gov JohnKasich attends a Cedar Rapids Town Hall at iaaccelerator   
Great turnout at the ChamberQC event in Davenport, IA today! Gov. Kasich spoke abt his vision for a stronger America 
Seen our latest web video? Consider chipping in to help before midnight!  
With your help we can keep up our  Chip in before the midnight deadline  
We have a big fundraising deadline tonight at midnight! Pls consider chipping in to help continue our  
Loved spending time with you. Let's do it again sometime! -John 
Thanks for your support!  
Glad to have you, tomdemmer, EdSullivanforIL amp; Dan Cronin on the team! 
Stopped by portilloshotdog in Chicago. No ketchup  Chicago style  -John 
Chip in $35+ today to help with our Sept. fundraising deadline and we'll send you one! 
We'll get one out to you ASAP! Thank you for your support.  
For  - Chip in $35+ today amp; get a complimentary  coffee mug! 
We have an important fundraising deadline tomorrow. You can chip in while in twitter SquareCash 
It's going to be a great event! Public can RSVP at 
We're just 2 days away from a critical fundraising deadline. Chip in to help us keep up our  
We need to shake up Washington and deliver results. JohnKasich has proven he can do it. 
America needs more than TALK. We need RESULTS. John Kasich delivers for us  
Happening Now: Gov. JohnKasich is in Sioux City, IA to speak at the APPSUSA Nat'l Security forum 
Gov. JohnKasich shares his msg about how we can make America stronger amp; more safe at the Hilton Head town hall 
Great event w/ GCBAconnect amp; the S.C. African American Chamber of Commerce in Charleston today! 
Gov. JohnKasich speaks about how to make America stronger and more secure at the historic Citadel in Charleston 
Another first! Gov. JohnKasich is the first to file for the MaineGOP caucus! 
Gov. JohnKasich has a record of job growth amp; balanced budgets. Join the team today: 
Let's do it again sometime. You guys were great! -John 
Excited to announce our Mississippi leadership team!  
The Iran deal is a bad deal. It must be stopped. 
TUNE IN - Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews with seanhannity tonight at about 10:30PM EDT 
JohnKasich talks about what makes Pontifex and his message so special. 
1st GOP debate: Cleveland 1st General Election Debate: Dayton GOP Convention: Cleveland Anyone else sensing a trend? Congrats WrightState! 
Did you see Gov. JohnKasich's appearance on LateNightSeth w/ SethMeyers?  
Did you hear the news about our Massachusetts  Co-Chairs announced today? 
Excited to announce that marvhagedorn is endorsing Gov. JohnKasich for President! 
Very proud to have Col. Ward Scott on the team!   
Sign up today. With your help, we can win and make America stronger. 
Hey SethMeyers, thanks for the offer. You can chip in right here: 
Still up? What's another 90 minutes? Watch Gov. JohnKasich tonight at 12:35a on LateNightSeth /sethmeyers 
Bouncing some jokes off SirPatStew for sethmeyers tonight. He read my mind.  -John cc: LateNightSeth 
Anyone surprised? Didn't think so. America needs the Keystone Pipeline and the jobs that come with it. -John 
Welcome, Pontifex! We pray your visit will refocus Americans on the power of faith and the strength of spiritual healing. -John 
Looking forward to seeing SirPatStew amp; MichaelIrvin88 for tonight's LateNightSeth -John 
Gov. JohnKasich will also be on FoxNews with TeamCavuto for "Your World with Neil Cavuto" today at 4PM EDT. 
Gov. John Kasich will be on LateNightSeth w/ sethmeyers tonight! Tune in and help us share!  
We need a reformer to deliver change. Gov. John Kasich has done it before and with your help, we can do it again. 
Our team had a great weekend in Michigan for the  event. Here's a recap.   
Make no mistake, a strong leader like ScottWalker has a bright future amp; is a model for other governors. Good luck, Scott! -John 
Glad to have Michigan's House Speaker Pro Tempore on the team! Thx for your support TomLeonard28 
Told you I was having fun on the campaign trail. -John 
The Iran deal is a bad deal. It's time to use the nuclear option to make sure it's stopped. -John 
Absolutely. The Iran Deal must be stopped. -John 
The U.S. Senate should use "nuclear option" to pass bill against dangerous Iran nuclear deal - 
Gov. JohnKasich will be on CNNSotu on Sunday with jaketapper - Watch at 9AM amp; Noon EDT 
Very proud to have Sen. ArlanMeekhof on the team!    
Check out the line to get into our  event today in Michigan! Join the team today 
Thanks for your support! 
There will be plenty more! Check back soon. Thx for sharing. to sign up and get involved! 
Tune in shortly for Gov. JohnKasich's remarks at the MIGOP  event on Mackinac!  
Shout out to zabriskie_a - Thx for your help last week! Lets win!   
Tune in Sunday - Gov. JohnKasich will be on meetthepress with chucktodd - Check your local listing for time 
Looking forward to seeing  attendees at our  event today! See you there! 
Our  team is fired up for  in MI tomorrow! See you there! 
Enough is enough. Americans deserve a president who can move America ahead and get the job done.  
Looking fwd to  Mackinac events! Thx  volunteers! MIGOP michiganstateu CMUniversity  
Gov. JohnKasich showed in the  that he is ready to lead America. Pls help us share this video!  
Tune in tonight! Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews oreillyfactor at 8:20PM EDT - Pls RT  
Glad to have coryjcrowley on board - let's win!   
From KansasGOP - Gov. JohnKasich is the 1st presidential candidate to file for the Kansas GOP caucus  
Proud to announce that former N.H. Senate Pres. Ed Dupont is endorsing Gov. JohnKasich   
Gov. John Kasich showed America that he is ready to lead - Learn more amp; join the team today! 
Americans deserve strong leadership ready to drive our nation ahead.   
Let's revive the concept of citizenship where everybody's actions make a huge difference in changing the world. 
John Kasich stands out as the responsible and experienced leader America needs.   
Team  - Chip in $5 or more via to help us keep up our momentum!  SquareCash 
The challenges facing us are great. America needs a leader who knows how to bring people together to solve them. 
This is leadership.   
Big thanks to a group of our supporters in NH mobilizing for a debate watch party in Manchester.   
ON ISIS: It's time to wake up. It's time to call ISIS out for what they are -- murderers and rapists.  
 
Want to make sure Hillary doesn't win Ohio, the ultimate swing state?  
Americans want a President able to lead from Day One. John Kasich is ready.   
Giving 5 free  bumper stickers away - random from the first 250 RTs! GO!!  
No one has more experience at balancing budgets than JohnKasich. Nobody.   
Gov. Kasich has balanced the budget before and he can get it done again.   
Before John Kasich, Ohio was 48th in job creation. Today, Ohio is a top ten state.   
Liberals are again attacking JohnKasich for defending the sanctity of life. He'll never back down.  
Gov. Kasich has the national security experience America needs. 18 years on the Armed Services Committee.  
No governor in Ohio history has done more to preserve the sanctity of life than JohnKasich.   
All life matters, and John Kasich has made its preservation a priority in Ohio.   
John Kasich has national security experience America needs. Learn about his priorities here:  
Giving a free  hat away - random from the first 250 RTs! GO!!   
This is what leadership looks like.  
Kasich on the Iran Deal: "It's a bad agreement and I never would have done it."  
 
Want to talk balanced budgets? Gov. Kasich is the only candidate on stage who balanced both a federal amp; state budget 
Check out our new online donation giving option - Show your support today!   SquareCash 
Show your support with the latest  gear!   
Gov. Kasich is ready at the  That same Reagan optimism will win back the White House.  
We appreciate the support in New Hampshire tonight! 
Relaxed and ready. Hope everyone can tune in to the  at 8pm EST. -John 
Tune in to the  at 8PM EDT tonight to support Gov. JohnKasich and pls RT our posts! 
Trent Lott knows why John Kasich stands out in a crowded GOP field. "He's got it all."  
Got my game face on! Ready to have some fun tonight at the  -John 
Member of the media? Be sure to follow TeamJohnKasich for updates from our Communications team.  
Tune in tonight at 8PM EDT for the  Learn how you can help:  
While other candidates try to connect to Reagan, I actually served w/ him and campaigned for him. -John  
Two Pittsburgh guys. One show. See you on 9/22, LateNightSeth. -John  
Chip in $5 or more today and help us continue our  
BREAKING: Gov JohnKasich is officially the 1st candidate to file for the NVGOP caucus!   
Excited to announce our Georgia endorsements! BillCowsert, Fran_Millar amp; more!  
If you live in N.H., hope you can join our  team at the Debate Watch Party Weds evening!   
This sundown marks the beginning of the Jewish New Year. L 'Shana Tova and health amp; happiness to all celebrating! -John 
How about those ToledoFB Rockets? Way to represent Ohio well! -John 
Thank you to the StraffordNHGOP for hosting Gov. Kasich today!    
Thx to NewHampshireCR for giving me the chance to talk to you today. These folks are ready to win!  
Gov JohnKasich will be on FoxNewsSunday - Check your local listing here and tune in! 
Another fun town hall! Gov. Kasich was in Raymond, N.H. today to meet with voters   
Appreciate GovernorPerry being part of this campaign to return conservatism to the White House. Let's make it happen. -John 
A beautiful event marked with stories of tragedy and hope. Thx for allowing me the honor of attending. -John 
Today we remember all of those lost amp; recommit ourselves to freedom amp; to one another. -John  
14 years ago evil tried to defeat us, but free people always prevail. -John  
Gov. JohnKasich will be on the HughHewittShow with hughhewitt at about 6:30PM EDT - Tune in! 
Tune in tonight! Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews w/ seanhannity at about 10:30PM EDT 
Excited to announce that N.H. GOP icon Ruth Griffin is endorsing JohnKasich!   
Join the team today!  
Thanks for your support! 
Gov. Kasich was in Brookline, NH for a town hall last evening with voters! Great questions! 
Great recap video from the Milford Labor Day Parade, Salem GOP Picnic amp; BBQ with SenScottBrown  
Gov JohnKasich will be on FoxNews "Your World" with TeamCavuto at 4:45PM EDT - Tune in!  
SenScottBrown Thanks for hosting! We had a great time. 
Shout out to  Nation from New Hampshire. O-H... -John 
Gov. JohnKasich in N.H. today for the Milford Labor Day Parade    
Ohio workers are driving our jobs comeback. Happy Labor Day! -John 
Americans create jobs, not politicians. Let's come together amp; rebuild our nation. -John 
Thanks for your support!!  
Here's a short recap from last week's MI amp; NH events - Pls share  
A new poll is out today that has Gov JohnKasich at  in New Hampshire! Join the team today! 
Gov. JohnKasich will be on ThisWeekABC this morning! Find your local listing: 
Gov JohnKasich will be on ThisWeekABC Sunday w/ GStephanopoulos - Find your local listing: 
In case you missed it, check out our latest video about JohnKasich's positive vision for America  
Big news in Ohio this week! READ MORE: 
[VIDEO]: Positive amp; accomplished, its why N.H. continues to embrace JohnKasich   
Read more about why AlDAmatoNY supports Gov. JohnKasich's candidacy for President: "Why I'm all in for John Kasich" 
One more Town Hall this evening in Lebanon, N.H. Great turnout!   Sign up: 
Hey Apple amp; Android, when will we get a wavy bacon emoji? Did you see our Snapchat filter today? 
Another big Town Hall turnout! Gov JohnKasich answering Qs in New London, N.H.   
Glad to have GreggHarper amp; Andy_Taggart on the team!  
Gov JohnKasich was at NewEngCollege today for a Town Hall event - Talking abt how to strengthen America  
mortyshar2 Gov. Kasich was in Salem and Derry a few weeks ago. Check our N.H. page for upcoming events: 
Gov. Kasich visiting with voters this morning at Robies Country Store in Hooksett, N.H. - Overflow crowd 
We're excited to have NH State Sen. Boutin and Karen amp; Raul Cervantes on the team! Thx for your support  
Waking up in New Hampshire this morn? Start your day off with some bacon...on our Snapchat filter!   
Peace through strength. We must reinvigorate our military to make America safer and the world more secure. -John 
Nice to see you again Ronna! 
Thanks for your support!! 
Lt. Gov, Thx for the good word. Easy to be positive in MI when you amp; onetoughnerd are leading so effectively. -John 
Gov JohnKasich speaking today abt job creation amp; lifting Americans at the LansingChamber luncheon 
Gov. John Kasich is up to  in TheHill's GOP rankings. - Help keep our momentum going! Read: 
Gov JohnKasich will be on the HughHewittShow w/ hughhewitt at 7:40PM EDT - Tune in 
Gov. John Kasich will be on FoxNews with greta TONIGHT at 7:25PM EDT - Tune in!! 
Gov JohnKasich spoke today at the APPSUSA forum in Michigan about how we can make America stronger and safer 
As POTUS once again oversteps his bounds, Ohio knows every carnation is a monument to our own William McKinley. -John 
We have a critical Aug. fundraising deadline Mon. Pls consider chipping in $25 or more to help keep up our momentum! 
Gov. Kasich's groundbreaking community-police task force made big news. New guidelines w/ a goal of preserving life. 
Who liberals fear the most in 2016: JohnKasich - Join the team today: Read more: 
Read FBNStossel's report showing JohnKasich's strong record of conservative budgeting: 
FBNStossel took a hard look at JohnKasich's record of real, conservative budgeting in Ohio. Here's what he found. 
Americans deserve a balanced federal budget. Sign the petition if you agree!  
No HillaryClinton, Americans you disagree with aren't "terrorists." These are terrorists.  
We balanced the budget once. Together, we can do it again.  
Coincidence that Hillary came out swinging at JohnKasich after polls show hes the only one who beats her in NH? 
Hey GQMagazine, I heard chucks with suits are back in style -John  
Whos the only GOP candidate defeating Hillary in New Hampshire? Its Gov JohnKasich Chip in: 
Gov. Kasich will be on the HughHewitt show at 6:30p EDT amp; a replay at 8:30p TONIGHT -Tune in! 
My thoughts amp; prayers go out to Roanoke amp; the families and friends of the victims of this senseless violent act. -John 
ENDORSEMENT: New York political icon AlDAmatoNY endorses Gov. JohnKasich for President!  
It takes an on-the-ground military coalition to wipe out ISIS, but theres a role for values also... 
A new poll out today has Gov JohnKasich at  in N.H.  Chip in today to help! 
Gov JohnKasich will be on wjrradio with RepMikeRogers at 5:36PM EDT - Listen live: 
Updated: Gov. Kasich will be on with seanhannity (radio) today at 4:30PM EDT - here: 
ICYMI: Former U.S. Senate Maj. Ldr Trent Lott announced his support of Gov. JohnKasich 
There has never been a Governor in the state of Ohio as pro-life as John Kasich 
The recipe for a stronger economy: cutting taxes, cutting red tape amp; balancing the budget. 
Always great to talk with hughhewitt about national security -John Listen here: 
Gov. John Kasich took in the IowaStateFair last week. Check out some highlights.  
The U.S. must help Ukraine remain free amp; strong. -John 
Tune in! Gov. JohnKasich will be on FoxNews SundayFutures with MariaBartiromo  - 10AM ET 
"You're as pro-life as anyone in this field, aren't you, John Kasich?" HughHewitt 
Gov. JohnKasich will be on the LarryKudlowShow Sat. 10:30AM EDT. Find your station here: 
Be sure to tune in tonight. HughHewitt is one of the best in the business. -John 
Experience. Optimism. Leadership. John Kasich wows the crowd at the IowaStateFair soapbox. 
Nothing like being on the trail w/ my friend John Sununu. He's just a great guy. -John 
Our team in New Hampshire keeps getting stronger. So proud to have the support of Doug and Stella Scamman. -John 
Big things happening in Iowa. Thx to Fmr. Speaker Siegrist for his support! -John 
Londonderry is in good hands with nhkevinsmith. BIG Thanks to Londonderry PD for all you did at todays Ed Summit 
Gov. Kasich is in Salem, N.H. for a Town Hall event with voters. Discussing balanced budgets amp; strengthening America 
Gov. JohnKasich talking about improving education and creating better opportunities for all students at  
That's dedication, JJ. Thx for coming out. -John 
Riding along at the  
Overflow crowd watching Gov JohnKasich speak at the  at the  
Gov Kasich speaks at the  about his plan to strengthen America  DMRegister 
Gov. JohnKasich visiting with IowaSOS Paul Pate at the  
Gov JohnKasich enjoying a visit with some  attendees after helping cook at the IA Pork Producers tent 
Gov Kasich walking around the  with Sen ChuckGrassley 
Gov Kasich visits with IA Gov TerryBranstad amp; Lt Gov KimReynoldsIA  
America deserves a strong leader back in the White House. America needs JohnKasich. 
Gov Kasich visits with voters at the Home Plate Diner while visiting the IowaStateFair 
Tune in tonight! 
Gov JohnKasich talks at the APPSUSA forum about how we must strengthen our nat'l security to keep Americans safe. 
In Ohio, Gov. Kasich is putting all children first. 
Great seeing MattMooreSC and the SCGOP today! Gov. Kasich signed to appear on the primary ballot 
Gov JohnKasich signs paperwork at the SCGOP to appear on the South Carolina primary ballot 
Thx GovernorBentley for inviting me down this AM. His endorsement is a strong indicator of growing momentum. -John 
After the GovernorBentley endorsement, JohnKasich checked out the Jesse Owens exhibit. Owens was born in Alabama. 
At the endorsement event Gov JohnKasich amp; GovernorBentley exchange footballs signed by OSUCoachMeyer amp; Coach Saban 
BREAKING: Alabama GovernorBentley endorses Ohio Gov amp; Presidential candidate JohnKasich 
"America's power has always been its people, so we should use that power to keep our people safe." ON NAT'L DEFENSE: 
While in Birmingham, AL Gov JohnKasich had dinner amp; signed a rib box at the famous dreamlandbbq 
Col. Washington amp; revarthurprice showing me the historic, sacred 16th St Baptist Church in Birmingham, AL -John 
He did it! Congrats to Ohio's JDayGolf on the  -John 
Well said. Thank you,  -John 
Tune in Sunday to see Gov JohnKasich on CBS' FaceTheNation - Check your local listing here: 
BenASchulman JonnyFoosball2 
It's on the way!!  
After a standout performance in last weeks prez debate, Kasich saw crowds swell at his town hall meetings..." 
34 years ago today. Reagan's investment in the American people can work again. -John 
"The 'why' around the Kasich bid has turned into 'wow'"  
In New Hampshire, Tom Rath is a guy you want on your side. Thx for joining the team, polguru! -John 
Thank you to the Belknap County Republicans for hosting Gov. Kasich tonight!   
Ford took operations from Mexico to Ohio -- "thanks in large part to the leadership of Governor Kasich": 
A lot of talk today about Ford's big move from Mexico to Ohio. So how did it come to be? 
Overflow crowd at the Derry, N.H. Town Hall!    
Very proud to have National amp; New Hampshire GOP Leader polguru Tom Rath's support! -John   
Gov Kasich meets with Peterborough, NH voters - talks about experience balancing budgets amp; creating jobs  
Gov. JohnKasich is on the HughHewitt show tonight in the 7pm hour. Be sure to tune in at 
NEW POLL: Kasich momentum is growing in New Hampshire! Join the team. Sign up at 
The miracle of America needs to be revived. Together, we can make it happen. -John 
Why people are still talking about JohnKasich's debate performance: 
Gov John Kasich will be on FoxNews with seanhannity tonight - Tune in at 10PM EST  
Chip in today to help us keep up our momentum amp; Sign up for updates  
Here are some highlights from the shows today  
You'll have a bunch of opportunities to catch JohnKasich on the morning shows tomorrow. Check your local listings. 
Gov. Kasich on recent statements about megynkelly of FOX News. 
NEW VIDEO: John Kasich shined in last night's  and America took notice. 
Lots of people talking about this answer at the debate. It's what I believe. The American Dream is for everyone.-John 
Thx for the support, Jon! 
Thx to everyone for the outpouring of support tonight. Together we can lift America. -John 
Thanks for the support, Ray! 
What America is talking about. "Kasich"  
John Kasich getting a little attention in the post-debate media room.  
Join the movement, America. Sign up at 
Thanks! Now let's make it easy for you. 
Did tonight make you a fan of JohnKasich? Be sure you take a moment and like our Facebook page:  
"We need to give everybody a chance, treat everybody with respect, and let them share in this great American dream." 
What you miss during  commercial breaks: JohnKasich invites the Cruz girls up to chat. 
Here's your chance to learn a bit more. Check out 
John Kasich knows how to balance budgets because he's actually done it. He will do it again.  
Gov. John Kasich has made a real difference for veterans in Ohio.  
Make no mistake -- Israel is our strong ally amp; we must stand with them.  
Gov. Kasich served on the House Armed Services committee for 18 years.  
Join the team, Joey! Sign up at 
It's called "President of the United States" for a reason.   
Thanks for your support! Help out the team by signing up here: 
America is talking about JohnKasich.   
Leadership matters. Chip in and let's take John Kasich to the White House: 
Leadership. Join the team: 
Scrap the President's Iran deal. Iran cant get a nuke.   
ON TAXES: Gov. Kasich eliminated taxes for virtually every small business in Ohio. 
Giving a free  hat away - random from the first 250 RTs! GO!  
Giving a free hat away - random from the first 250 RTs! Go!   
John Kasich helped Ohioans create 350,000 new jobs. He can do it for America.  
The miracle can happen to you. Grow opportunity and grow jobs.  
Thx for your service, Eric. Learn more about the work JohnKasich has done for veterans: 
Hey RealDonaldTrump, if you're still looking to chip in, check out  
SMALLER GOVT: Ohio government payroll is smaller than it's been in 3 decades.  
America deserves real, experienced leadership. America needs JohnKasich Join the team: 
John Kasich is ready to lead. Join the team, Claire!:  
ON ISIS: We need to wipeout ISIS with a coalition of boots on the ground. It takes leadership.   
A top ten state for job creation. Wages growing faster than the nation. Record number of businesses. 
Here you go. 
And they want solutions. JohnKasich knows a lot about that. 
Gov. Kasich has shown real leadership in criminal justice reform. 
Creating jobs is our greatest moral purpose because they strengthen our families amp; communities.  
John Kasich has signed more pro-life measures than any other Ohio Governor in history.   
Ohioans are proud of their state once again. 350,000 new jobs. Wages are growing amp; low unemployment. 
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio's credit outlook was UPGRADED.  
Are you ready? JohnKasich is. Tune in to Fox News NOW.  
Former IN Rep. Dan Burton is a funny guy. Nothing like a good laugh before hitting the stage. -John  
Giving a free coffee mug away - random from the first 250 RTs! Go!   
Giving 5 free bumper stickers away - random from the first 75 RTs! Go!   
michael_msuver Thanks, Michael. -John 
The scene outside TheQArena before tonight's  is all JohnKasich... 
Appreciate you being on the team! Steve's been big in our fight for a fed balanced budget amendment. -John 
Love the enthusiasm. Thanks, Teresa! 
Ready to go! Cleveland should be proud of hosting one heck of an event. -John  
We've balanced our nation's budget before. We can do it again.  
It's time for America to lead again. 
Republicans must win Ohio to win the White House. Here's my question for the candidates at the  -John 
BrianSandoval Hey Brian, just saw it was your birthday. Hope it's been a good one. Let's talk soon. -John 
Moving on up! NEW POLL:  
NEW VID: Our momentum continues to grow. Kasich is "one of the most interesting candidates to emerge."  
It's only fitting the  begins in Ohio. See everyone soon! -John 
A huge thank you to NH Maj. Leader Flanagan for his endorsement. We're on our way! -John 
Had fun tonight at the  Forum in NH. Chip in and let's take this campaign to the next level: -John 
Real experience. Proven results.   
UP NEXT at the NH  Forum: John Kasich Tune in now: 
It's just common sense. Join the team:    
If you want fiscal discipline in DC, you want John Kasich in the White House.  
Watching the NH  event? Gov. Kasich will be the third speaker this evening. LIVE VIDEO:  
ICYMI: N.H. House Majority Ldr Jack Flanagan endorsed Gov. Kasich for President!    
Be sure to tune in at 7PM EST tonight for the UnionLeader  Forum! Watch live on C-SPAN 
How much can a president do to restore the American Dream? VIDEO:  
Thank you for your support! Be sure to sign up for our campaign updates:  
Wondering why so many are talking about Gov. Kasich's growing momentum? Here's your answer. 
Gov. John Kasich will be on FoxNewsSunday - Find your local listing:  
Washington has failed our transportation system. It's time to move the power back to the states. -John 
footballmawmaw please visit our online store! - thx for your support!  
Today, former NH Senate Pres. Tom Eaton took Gov Kasich on a walking tour of Keene, NH   
Another standing room only Town Hall in New Hampshire! Thank you to the CCRCNH for hosting Gov. Kasich!  
Thank you to the CCRCNH for hosting Gov Kasich at a Town Hall event in Keene, NH  
Gov Kasich tours Moore Nanotechnology Systems in Keene, NH   
I've got an idea... -John 
Be sure to tune in bright and early tomorrow morning when Gov. Kasich appears on foxandfriends at 7:45a EST. 
Really appreciate the warm welcome. Ohio's success can happen elsewhere. We just need to work together. -John 
Happening soon! Gov. Kasich and HughHewitt -- listen in at 6pm! 
Gov. Kasich is coming up on TheTrivShow. You'll want to tune in at 4:10p EST. 
This is what momentum looks like. Let's make a real difference for America. - John 
It takes courage to stand up against this mess of a deal with Iran. Scrap it and let's start over. -John 
A new poll has Gov Kasich in 3rd place in N.H.! Chip in to keep up the momentum!  
90 mins until WolfBlitzer. Lots to talk about! -John 
Ohio has lost a great public servant. Our Homeland Security Director, Richard Baron, has passed away. Prayers for him and his family. -John 
Our campaign is off to a fast start and America is taking notice! Join our team: -John 
You're right, Allan. Cool to see my old house again. McKees Rocks helped make me who I am today. -John 
Have you visited our online store yet? Pls take a moment to purchase your  items and support Gov. Kasich! 
Being President isn't about politics, it's about capability. -John 
Huge jump to 4th for Gov. Kasich in newest NH poll, even with poll taken BEFORE his anncmt amp; NH tour. That was fast! 
Saddened to learn of the passing of Columbus legend Amos Lynch. His positive impact on Ohio is beyond measure. -John 
Don't forget to tune in and watch Gov. John Kasich this morning on meetthepress. 
This is the kind of endorsement that gets noticed, amp; for good reason. Thx for your support, IA St Rep Hanusa. -John 
MI RepHuizenga amp; former Rep. Pete Hoekstra joined us in Grand Rapids. Thx for coming out! -John 
Great crowd at the Ottawa County GOP dinner - together, we can win!  
You're going to want to see this... -John 
Gov Kasich is in Grand Rapids, MI meeting with supporters - talking abt leading the effort to balance the fed budget 
Hillary's team thinks they will lose to John Kasich. Let's make it happen. Pitch in today: 
There is so much passion for a stronger America among voters in NH. Join our team. Let's make it happen. -John 
Gov. Kasich visits with Southfield, MI voters and talks about his vision for strengthening America  
Hmmm... -John  
Gov Kasich at a Des Moines, IA Town Hall - talking about experience cutting taxes, balancing budgets amp; creating jobs 
Happening Now: Iowa State Rep. Mary Ann Hanusa announces her endorsement and intros Gov. Kasich at a Town Hall event 
You're not going to find a bigger tax cut than what we've done in Ohio. -John  
Another great Town Hall! This morning we were in Summerville, S.C. at ScoutBoatsInc  
Gov. Kasich taking questions at a Summerville, S.C. Town Hall - talking abt his experience leading amp; getting results 
That's what I call a productive lunch. Thanks to MittRomney amp; Ann for good food and a great discussion today. -John 
Lots of excitement amp; questions at the Wolfeboro Town Hall. Gov Kasich talking abt leadership amp; job creation  
Gov Kasich takes questions and talks with voters at the Wolfeboro, N.H. Town Hall   
Thanks Center Harbor! We'll be in Wolfeboro and North Conway, N.H. for 2 more Town Halls tmrw   
Gov. Kasich talks about leading the effort to balance the federal budget since the first time man walked on the moon 
Gov. Kasich talks at the Center Harbor N.H. Town Hall event about about his times working with President Reagan 
Our Nat'l Guard recruiters must be able to defend themselves amp; in Ohio we're making sure that happens. -John 
While in New Hampshire, Gov. Kasich sat down with AdamSextonWMUR - Watch the whole interview on Sunday via WMUR9 
Gov. Kasich had a great time visiting with Portsmouth, N.H. residents at today's 1st Town Hall event  
Great to see Ruth Griffin and former House Speaker Doug Scamman at our Portsmouth, N.H. Town Hall -John  
Today's first Town Hall is in Portsmouth, N.H. Great event!   
Thanks for your support. It's great to be back in New Hampshire.   
A packed OhioUnion sets the stage for a campaign for America.  
What a great turnout in Nashua, N.H. for the first Town Hall event!  
Gov Kasich talking at a N.H. Town hall about leading the effort to balance the federal budget  
Great turnout for a Town Hall event in New Hampshire! Sen JohnSununu introducing Gov Kasich 
Boisterous crowd as Gov. Kasich heads to seanhannity's set for an interview on Fox. 
I'm running for President. Let's get to work, America - together. Join the team: -John 
"The next President of the United States..."  
LIVE on  America is ready.  
It's time. Tune in now.  
"I believe [John Kasich] will be the next President of the United States." - Former NH Senator John Sununu 
We're 4 minutes out. If you're not in our packed house, it's time to tune into  
LIVE on  It's almost time. The crowd is ready.  
40 minutes to go. And the ohiounion is jam packed. 11am  
The people are ready. The event kicks off at 11a EST. Watch live at  
We're ready. Tune in at today at 11:00AM EST and watch the event live!  
Our team is hard at work getting ready for tomorrow's big event. Are you ready?  
Handing over this account to Kasich For America staff. From now on, tweets from me will be signed like this ---gt; -John 
You win with a team.  
Balancing the budget means less talk and more action. I've taken on this fight before, and we can do it again. WATCH: 
That's what I like to hear. Thx for coming out, Montel! 
Here's a sneak peak at a new logo 
Hoping one of my favorite colleagues from Congress, Louis Stokes, can give his cancer a knockout punch. He's a great champion for Ohio. 
Proven leadership that can move America forward. Retweet and help spread the word.  
Here at The OhioState getting ready for the big announcement. 2 days... ohiounion 
My prayers go out to the family of those lost in the Brown Co. flooding amp; for the safety of our first responders. 
Reserve your ticket yet? Dont miss your chance! 7/21 in Columbus - 
The murders in Chattanooga have claimed another victim, amp; Ohio has lost another hero. Prayers for Randall Smith of Paulding Co amp; his family. 
My most heartfelt condolences go out to the family of Lance Corporal Skip Wells. Ohio grieves with you. 
Snapchat's first "live story" ad. My twin girls will probably see this more often than they want to... 
Why sign a wooden egg in New Hampshire? Here's why: 
We're phasing out income taxes for small biz, and now OhioSosHusted is making OH least expensive state to start one. 
Big news for Buckeye Lake: Today I announced a way to get it fixed faster, cheaper amp; better. 
Big news for Buckeye Lake: Today I announced a way to get it fixed faster, cheaper amp; better. 
My prayers go out to the families of the Marines murdered today in Chattanooga. Today, they need our strength. 
My old friend Tim_Penny understands what fiscal stability means for state success. Check it out: 
Wishing georgehwbush strength in his recovery. We're all pulling for you! 
The PPact video is abhorrent. Ohio and U.S. law prohibits this because life is sacred. Violations should be fully prosecuted.  
Had an incredible time at the All-Star Game last night. Thanks to my beautiful date for cheering alongside me. 
Six Days. 
You don't have the Reds' Big Red Machine without Tony Perez. Having an awesome time at the  
"The report emphasizes the vitality of OHs manufacturing industry, which may help lure more companies to the state" 
For me, economic growth is not an end unto itself, it's a means to an end -- and Ohio has a lot of it. 
Absolutely incredible. All Ohio does is win. Congrats, FlavaFraz21!   
A pretty cool gift from FlavaFraz21, Todd Frazier. Onto the 2nd round!  
Some great questions tonight at the NHSCGOP Town Hall! Thx to everyone who came out. 
Some cool stuff happening at ROKON2x2. Here's a NH small biz that's making its mark. 
It's small businesses like RP Abrasives in Rochester that can drive America's economic comeback- Thx for the tour! 
Appreciate Redhook_Brewery in Portsmouth giving me the opportunity to discuss how we can strengthen small business 
Best of luck on your project, ladies. Really appreciate you coming out. PrezSelfieGirls 
Great visit w/ Rep aschroadter amp; AlexTalcott in N.H. today - Thx for the tour! 
Enjoyed the visit with Sen KellyAyotte amp; N.H. GOP icon Ruth Griffin. Happy 90th Bday! 
I hope to see you in Columbus on 7/21 - Get your tix at amp; RT this video! 
Everyone should   
Enjoyed the tour of VUMChealth Med Center - talked w/ a world-class team of docs 
It was great visiting w/ MattLargen, Williamson_inc amp; AllWaltrip today! Thx for hosting 
Thanks for hosting me today RyanTNGOP amp; TNGOP - Had a great time! 
I hope to see you in Columbus on 7/21 -Visit for your tickets!  
It was great talking to you! I hope to see you again soon 
In 2011, Ohio was left bone-dry w/ just 89 cents in our rainy-day fund. Today's news is big for Ohio's fiscal health. 
Far too many states are imposing the death tax. It's not fair and it's not right, so here in Ohio we got rid of it. 
When it comes to America's national security, on-the-job training doesn't cut it. 
That's what I call a packed house. Thank you, South Carolina!  
Helping prisoners beat addiction means they're less likely to commit crimes when they return home. It works. 
ReaganWorld SpecialReport Didn't know of your Ohio connection. Would love to host you in the Buckeye State when you get a chance. 
Ohio means opportunity. 
Thanks, Michael. Means a lot coming from you. 
I'll be on SpecialReport at 630p on Fox. Let's see what you've got, BretBaier! 
Showed my daughters the portrait from my time as Budget Cmte chair. Pretty cool to be back amp; share this w/my kids. 
We're doing it together, and I sincerely appreciate your help in making it happen. 
While other states are dealing w/ budget shortfalls, OH is cutting taxes amp; growing a surplus. 
Thanks, Spencer. By making real, substantive changes, we're keeping Ohio ahead of the curve. 
This is how you invest in the future of Ohio. "PD: Ohio college students will benefit under new 2-year budget": 
Be there at the beginning. July 21. 
An incredible sports year continues. Congratulations to the  on a dominating and inspiring victory.   
That hat trick may have just earned CarliLloyd a spot on the $10.    
Wow. Don't mess with CarliLloyd. Keep it up   
Alright, let's do this.    
Happy Independence Day!    
Ohio's new budget is about hope amp; opportunity. Together we are a  
Road crews have been working non-stop to clean-up after a major accident. Thx for all your hard work ODOT_Columbus! 
Welcome to Ohio brewdog. Now let's get to work on how we can help you grow stronger and expand. Cheers! 
Appreciate OhioAllianceESV's support of our budget efforts for survivors amp; prevention of sexual violence. 
Conservative budgeting is lifting Ohioans and strengthening our great state.  
By eliminating income taxes on small businesses we're creating opportunities for growth amp; building a  
A  starts w/ stronger families amp; communities. Our budget makes it happen. 
The way to a  is more jobs amp; the tax cuts in this budget helps create them. 
LIVE on  Gov. Kasich signing Ohio's Budget Bill. 
Job growth doesn't happen by accident. Job creators believe in Ohio again amp; it shows. 
My staff will periscopeco the signing of Ohio's Budget around 7:30p EST. Stay tuned for details.  
Want to be there for the big announcement on July 21st? Reserve your ticket now. Visit today.   
I hope you can tune in tonight! 
A healthy Lake Erie benefits us all. 
We would love to have you at the announcement, abbywingo. Get your FREE ticket here 
This is awesome. Low taxes amp; budget stability are paving the way for successful Ohioans. 
OhioMeansJobs is knocking down barriers to employment and increasing opportunity. 
For America: 
Sitting down w/ megynkelly tonight. You don't want to miss this one. 
TUNE IN: I'll be on FaceTheNation this morning. 
Budgets aren't just a bunch of numbers, dollars amp; decimal points. They're about people, vision amp; economic growth. 
I'll be on FaceTheNation tomorrow. Hope you can tune in. 
LIVE on  Gov. Kasich budget press conference w/ leg. leaders 
Like I told greta, it's not about party affiliation. It's about working together to build a stronger tomorrow. 
May Officer Sonny Kim find peace in His arms. 
The Y-town community is incredible -ywchamber, JimTressel5, Bishop Murry. This is going to better lives. 
Youngstown Fire Dept is awesome! Get well soon De-Asia. 
It's time to empower states and really fix America's health care system. 
Toured IowaWesternCC. Started as a vocational-tech school. Today it has 84 dif programs, including a flight school! 
Toured IowaWesternCC. Started as a vocational-tech school. Today it has 84 dif programs, including a flight school! 
Had a blast w/ IA State Rep. Mary Ann Hanusa amp; her husband, Charlie today. Hope to be back soon.  
Ohio lost a pioneer in the substance abuse fight today. Thank you for your service Luceille Fleming. 
Thx for the kind words KhayreeFitten. 
A  for America means focusing on our similarities, not our differences. Let's solve problems -- together. 
Thx IowaGOPer! Glad you could attend. The way to a  is to lift everyone. 
Cool to meet riders amp; ropers at the National Junior High Finals Rodeo in Iowa today.  
Excited to speak at the Greater Des Moines Partnership Lunch today. Watch my DesMoinesMetro remarks  12:15p EST: 
jimmyfallon My friend Bono was very upset at your joke last night. 
Why Ohio? Creative amp; talented workforce. Low cost of living. And great location. 
Were happy to have you on board, SenSWilliams!   
JobsOhio amp; their partners are implementing a new vision for Ohio's economy. 
uofcincy President PrezOno really found a great way to honor the sacrifice of Officer Sonny Kim. 
This is an excellent example of how communities amp; schools can work together to lift our young people.  
Exactly. That's why we've made big changes here in Ohio to make it easier for veterans to get the job they deserve. 
I had a chance to sit down w/ greta on foxnews. Tune in tonight at 7p. 
Heres some  from Coach Ellis. Good luck tonight, ladies! 
I'm saddened to hear about Gov. LarryHogan's diagnosis. But I know he is strong amp; can beat this. My thoughts amp; prayers are w/ his family. 
Proud of Gov. nikkihaley. Now it's time to focus on healing amp; moving forward -- together. 
That's OK. We'll deal with it.  
DID YOU KNOW? You can make a difference by talking to kids about the dangers of drug abuse. Let's StartTalkingOH! 
Let's recommit ourselves to an America where everyone can live their dream, stop dividing amp; build a  
joniernst, good to see you last night at the ohiogop state dinner. And hope to see you back in Iowa soon! 
Happy Father's Day. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Officer Kim's family and the entire Cincinnati community. 
Drug abuse prevention starts w/ a conversation. For tips on how to StartTalkingOH visit 
Stcrow  was a great event. If you missed it, here's my speech: 
JessicaTaylor Thx! Great to be part of  Here are my comments: 
jdelreal Appreciate your thoughts. Here's a link to my speech: 
sppeoples Thx for the comment. Glad to be part of  Here's my speech: 
Who doesn't want "More Cowbell"? Congrats CityBarbeque. 
Check out our OhioMeansJobs twitter feed and you'll see that without a doubt, opportunity is happening in Ohio. 
OhioFirstLady will be on wbgutv tonight talking about StartTalkingOH, drug abuse prevention amp; education. 
 Selfies at Buckeye Girls/Boys State last yr. Excited LG MaryTaylorOH gets to see this exciting event this yr. 
So many states are struggling to balance their budgets these days. In Ohio, we're on the move.  
My heart and prayers go out to Charleston, the families who have lost loved ones, and everyone who is hurting... 
Beautiful day for a walk around Manchester, NH. Thx for the tour GatsasForMayor. 
Stay safe out there. 
Let's keep our workers safe.  when you see dads amp; moms improving our roads. 
Even in defeat, I'm  Already looking forward to next season. 
First stop in NH. A place to watch the game.  
Game 6 tonight. Here we go cavs.  MT cavs: In NE Ohio, nothing is given. Everything is earned. 
Thanks for taking some time today Majority Leader ArlanMeekhof. 
Buckeyes are everywhere. 
College Credit Plus helps prepare students for college amp; it's free. 
Looks like Ohio's booth at the Paris Air Show is the place to be. 
Sm. businesses are a critical part of our economic engine. Thx SBAM for letting me share my vision for a  
Congrats to the "Pride of Youngstown", realboomboom, on his induction into the International Boxing Hall of Fame. 
Looking for a job? There will be over 40 employers at the  in Cincinnati on Thursday. 
Great energy at Sun City Carolina Lakes in SC this evening. Thx for having me! 
It was great to meet you JoeJohm. Hope to be back in SC soon. God Bless. 
Enjoyed meeting you, BlairWSOC9 amp; talking about a  for America. 
Thx YorkChairman. Hope to see you again soon. 
Great to make new friends in South Carolina at the York County GOP Luncheon. 
Big news in our efforts to protect Lake Erie. Proud of our int'l partnership to make it happen. 
S/O to our very own Flag City, U.S.A -- Findlay, OH -- on  
Happy 240th birthday to the U.S. Army. Thx for making America amp; the world safer.  
Balanced budget, low taxes, top-notch workforce -- investing in Ohio makes sense. 
Catch my interview w/ MarkHalperin on BloombergTV's  at 5p ET. Watch here: 
I had a great time yesterday evening. Thanks for having me ClarkCountyGOP. 
Proud of the work we've done in Ohio helping veterans turn their military skills into private sector jobs. 
I'm joining TeamCavuto on FoxBusiness at 12:45p EST today. I hope you can tune in. 
No surprise: Ohioans build some of the world's best products. 
Geo is  are you? Go cavs! 
This is pretty cool. Brewdog chose Ohio for its first brewery on American soil. O-H! 
Training programs like this keep our workforce at the top of its game. 
"From what Ive heard from everybody around townpeople are very positive about the economy." 
Balanced budget, largest tax cut in the nation amp; eliminating burdensome red tape -- Ohio is on the move. 
Ohio's laid the foundation that makes it easy for job creators to continue investing in Ohio. 
Want to start a small business? Come to Ohio. 
Balanced budgets amp; lower taxes are essential to a jobs-friendly climate. 
Great list. Hard to pick a favorite. America should DiscoverOhio. 
This.  
Game 3. Now it's in our house. Here we go!  
OhioDeptOfAging's  project helps older Ohioans living w/ dementia have a better quality of life. 
Ohio has a unique program to help us StartTalkingOH to our kids about the importance of living drug-free. 
More bacon amp; more jobs -- I call that a win-win! 
 is at it again -- a global, polymer company is expanding in Darke County. 
I'll be on THEHermanCain Show at 10:30a EST. You can listen live here: 
Leadership. Innovation. Technology. Workforce. -----gt; Ohio Has It All. 
Ohio is on the cutting edge of technology. UAV tech could change everything from farming to emergency services. 
It's not just the Cavs making news in Cleveland. Congrats to the ClevePlayHouse on their Tony! 
Looking to make your mark? Opportunity is here in Ohio. Visit 
The Cavs are showing the world some Ohio-style tenacity. Great win!  
It's time to stop the foolishness amp; heal America.  
Today we remember those who bravely fought on the beaches of Normandy. May their selfless bravery be an example to all of us.  
So proud of my daughter Emma amp; her teammates -- they came in 4th in the 4x200 State Track Championships. Great year girls! 
Grab a cup of coffee and join me on foxandfriends at 8:45a est. 
Congrats Emma. So proud of you! 
Appreciate wkxlnhchris taking the time to chat in NH today. Thx for the S/O. 
Congrats Sen. FrankLaRose amp; Lauren. God bless your growing family. 
