text 
feels good to be home 
Pablo did 250 Million... I'm tired of people old talking to me like I'm regular! 
Ultralight Prayer: Happy Easter! 
Young Thug is super inspiring to me. Amazing artist!!! 
I used an exclamation just to be an asshole and also to make a point! LOL 
And I used a period because contrary to popular belief I strongly dislike exclamation points! 
On another note, I strongly dislike suit jackets. I used the word dislike because I hate the word hate. 
I love you. 
I have so much love in my heart and we just need the shot to create live breathe. 
I love you guys. 
Everyone has made mistakes. I just make them in public. 
Don't hide from the truth because it is the only light. 
Don't be mad at the truth. When you don't like me you are merely shooting the messenger. 
Don't be scared of the truth because we need to restart the human foundation in truth 
They think we're stupid. They do not know how to communicate. 
When companies doubt me they doubt us. 
That dreams will actualize. Dreams will manifest. 
I have a dream. 
Eventually the guys with real ideas not running a scam on the world will overcome. 
They can't kill us all. 
I speak yell scream directly at the old guard on behalf of the future. 
The Pablo pop up was almost a pop up of influence. 
We are here to make life better. 
And I promise the power is in the people and I will use the power given by the people to bring everything I have back to the people. 
I speak truth to power!!! 
I represent the dreamers. 
in the past the press/old guard and powers that be would have silenced me a long time ago but I have a form of social immunity. 
thank God for paps thank God for social media 
We will find freedom in truth as opposed to ridicule. 
We no longer have to be scared of the truth 
We will breathe clean air and exercise the first amendment. 
We will not get bullied by perception any longer. We will give our opinions. 
We will change that. We will rise. We will have a voice. 
In Roman times the artist would contemplate proportions and colors. Now there is only one important color... Green 
Let's fight for our future. We can change everything. 
I stand with the utmost humility. We are so blessed!!! All praises and blessings to the families of people who never gave up on dreams 
I promise I will never let the people down. I want a better life for all!!! Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo! 
This is the people the culture the dreams the future. 
but there is no other brand that could sell 1 million dollars of clothing in 2 days from 1 location!!! 
they called me crazy and pointed fingers 
Pablo in blood. 
every red print is our blood our debt our shame our struggle our pain our heart ache. 
Pablo in blood 
PABLO POP-UP SHOP MARCH 18-20 FRI 4-8 PM SAT SUN 12-8 PM AT 83 WOOSTER IN NYC 
Fixing Wolves 2day... Worked on it for 3 weeks. Life Of Pablo is a living breathing changing creative expression.  
Utah has eliminated homelessness by 91 
Non artist trying to grab the paint brush... 
My tweets are a form of contemporary art only compromised by people trying to tell me what to tweet and not to tweet... 
no one can ask me or try to tell me what to Instagram... It's my art... 
on another note... I was thinking about getting an Instagram but only on one condition...... 
1000 Steve Ballmer. Let's meet this week if you have time. I was hanging with Chris Paul last night. 
Steve Ballmer can I please redesign the Clippers mascot 
I believe in us 
I think human beings can create a Utopia. 
I care about quality 
I care about truth. 
I care about our future. 
I care about people. 
everyone can say anything they want about me but they could never say that I didn't care. 
I have discovered my single greatest quality. I care. 
What do you mean by JustinBieber was my favorite song of 2015 
mood 
No more fashion calendar... I'm going Mad Max... 6 collections a year...3 albums a year 
and yes Run is on my all time top ten list!!! 
I feel like Rev Run, God MC tweeting positive energy while sitting in the bathroom! 
Let's start the day off right!!! And y'all know what I'm bout to say now ... 
My whole family loves you and your family and we appreciate the moment you helped realize on the Beams!!! 
I love you. My dad loves you. 
Thank you Kirk for standing by me through all the noise. 
The choir arrangement that Kirk orchestrated is the most powerful thing I've heard in my earthly existence. 
A lot of people tell me Ultralight Beam is my greatest artwork to date only rival being Jesus Walks. 
Be strong today little bro! Come to me, all of you who are tired and have heavy loads, and I will give you rest. MATTHEW 11:28 
I just received a blessing from minister Kirk Franklin 
Olivier designed clothes for my show That was real, that was groundbreaking, that is a Real Friend. 
Be real 
Dont try to use me for advertisement or to make your proposed trend relevant. 
If you wouldnt invite me to your house then dont invite me to your show. 
Fake Fake Fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake  just my analysis 
So many people turned on her when she was fired and acted like they forgot the innovation and beauty that she brought to the world 
The fashion world is sooooooo fake and Carine is one of the very few real people in fashion 
I like T-shirts and women in yoga pants I live in LA thats what people wear not sure why someone would put a suit jacket on with that. 
All these journalists can give their opinions well these are mineyes I believe in my ripped homeless sweaters!!! 
Sorry I couldnt be at Virgils show because I had a meeting in another city. 
this is my friend and we've bounced ideas and references for years since the time when he designed for YEEZY Season 1. 
I thank Demna for using the "I feel like Pablo" sweatshirts in his show, 
I thank Olivier for designing his collection around my wife this is visionary as I believe that Kim is our modern day everything. 
Oh and I only came to Paris fashion to stand by my friends Olivier, Riccardo and Demna. 
Just cause somebody is wearing combat boots doesnt mean its all of a sudden youth. 
I also hate all the stylists that copy Hedi Slimane and give their clients blatant YSL looks thinking that it will bring a younger client. 
I feel we are so stuck in the past and tradition. 
I especially hate suit jackets on women that was a groundbreaking idea 5 million years ago! 
I dont personally like suit jackets anymore. 
excited to see my family and finish the final mixes of the Life of Pablo and keep working on Turbo Grafx 16 and Season 4 . 
Im on a plane coming back from Europe 
Get Top on the phoooone!!!!! Kendricklamar 
we win 
the pure of heart win 
the thinkers win 
the artists win... 
the future thinkers win 
Together we stand we win 
Thank you to asvpxrocky for supporting me at the MSG show 
I guess in a media world where you never hear the truth, the truth can come off as crazy 
Its been a lot of confusion in the past 3 weeks so let me apologize for in any way being confusing 
. Adidas is making a million Yeezys this year, opening up new factories 
Feeling like Robin Hood 
what war? a class war a war against time 
sometimes the quiet moments feel like Im home from battle 
cant wait to get home to North, Saint and my wife 
Met with Hermes_Paris family yesterday been out here fighting for 13 years and it feels like were finally seeing wins 
Was speaking with souljaian earlier about a new idea 
So proud of my brother VirgilAbloh with his new OffWht collection!!! 
bear with me guys, Rome wasnt built in a day but I promise to keep my promises 
really happy to get the quality of the products better at half the prices of last year 
Sitting with Robinnowicki from ustwo working on the YEEZY site 
playing the new Kendrick 1 thousand images on the desktop Hennessy amp; whats left of the ice and coke zero 
Super inspired by my visit to Ikea today , really amazing company my mind is racing with the possibilities 
Up late designing in Sweden 
please see these next tweets as such because the ideas will jump around a bit a bit like a mood board... 
this is a stream of consciousness twitter poetry 
Thank you Carine for believing in the vision, You are a visionary 
muse 
 all positive vibes 
please avoid trying to talk me out of being me in the future 
Growing and learning but not being told to stop ...not being stunted. 
I want people to be the best version of themselves and I will be the best version of me. 
question... Why do people not want me to be me? 
uuuuuuum, so there it is... No more CDs from me 
the Yeezus album packaging was an open casket to CDs r.i.p 
I was thinking about not making CDs ever again... Only streaming 
Uuuuum... hi everybody! 
Tyler killed this 
Love this video 
Playing the new Nigel Holt album in Paris  this is the perfect vibe right now! 
we need to bring Max B, Lord (Timothy Ballard) and Barkim back home nas FrenchMontana   
I promised Obama Ima do beats on NAS next album 
I want to stream you performing in a Minnie Mouse head on TIDALHiFi 
Im very detailed oriented and I will know the difference so dont try to just throw a bow on the original head 
I need you to perform at her party with specifically a minnie mouse dead-mow-five head not a mickey mouse dead-mow-five head. 
can you please bring the minnie mouse head  not yours she specifically likes minnie mouse  
Do you do birthday parties?? My daughter loves Minnie mouse 
 Im bored  when you get married will your wife have a giant minnie mouse head?  This brightened up my day thank you dead-mow-five 
 hash tag you raised Tidals subscriptions by a whopping downloads 
 ok another super serious question ... is there a portable fan situation? 
 whose job is it to carry the head on the plane  hash tag  do you check the mickey mouse head or carry on  does it get hot? 
 ok very serious question 
Deadmau5  is this persons name pronounced dead-mow-five? 
New project with 2 Chainz and Wayne dropping this Friday 
Day 3 
Finally!!! Our guy!!! We're so so happy for Leo!!! 
It is so inspiring.Thank you for existing! 
and also lets shout out to the art direction  candy on the screens! 
I just want to thank Will Ferrell for the years of joy he has brought into my life with amazing comedy 
We all know Will Ferrell has always been the one!!! 
that showed how sharp and Bruce Lee status he is. 
Perhaps it was seeing him play the same character from 15 years ago with 15 more years experience 
His existence is a blessing. 
Will Ferrell has reached walking living breathing god status! 
I saw Zoolander 2 for the 2nd time 
correction, the name of the Neo Geo game I was referring to was The Super Spy 
We actually played Spy Hunter at my moms house!!! 
My boy Mali that I spoke about on the song Drive Slow actually had a Neo Geo in real life bro 
Blazing Lazers was probably my favorite game on that console  
just on some super nerd vibes one of my favorite gaming systems when I was a kid 
My next album is titled"Turbo Grafx 16" as of now 
This best explains my experience in fashion and with fashion people in general 
number 1 streamed song this week 
Kirk Franklin just sent me a blessing. I needed that. Thank you minister. 
There are some lame fake accounts trying to make Kanye-isms that are not Mark Twain level. 
Hi Jack Dorsey, can you guys please take down all the fake Kanye accounts. 
I'm not a rapper. 
I just thought of the craziest idea of all ... I'm going to sell winter coats in the winter!!! 
I'm going to steal Demna from Balenciaga 
You won't always agree with me but I'm gon always be me. I'm woke! 
The world needs a guy like me. The world needs somebody to not be scared and tell his truth. 
I love being a voice of freedom when so many people are scared to speak up. 
I represent what people can't say. 
New album coming this summer 
I'm not even gon lie to you. I love me so much right now. 
And yes I've talked to Adidas and we gon hook y'all up with free Yeezys and Adidas. All positive vibes. 
That is one of the reasons I respect the paps so much. 
Respect to everyone working hard to keep a roof over their kids 
What is your definition of true freedom? There is no true freedom without economic freedom. 
I just had to start with shoes so that I could be economically empowered enough to have a voice. 
You guys will see my heart. You guys will feel my heart. We will make a difference. 
It's a beautiful time. I love my friends. I love my family. I love people. The human race. 
Free from being held back by public opinion. 
I'm happy and free and proud and confident. I'm not crazy. I'm free 
I'm proud as an entrepreneur that I gave everything I had to my dreams. 
I wrote Saint Pablo after admitting to my greatest shame my personal debt. But I'm not ashamed anymore. 
No slave mindset no more. I'm free. I'm free. I'm free. 
I'm not crazy I'm free. 
People ask why I speak in a public forum... Well my voice is my power. Freedom of speech. Freedom of opinion. Freedom of dreams. 
We need to see Young Thug at the Grammys. Not just me and Jay in a suit. 
First order of business. We the people need to see Future at the Grammys. 
and always remember that rock and roll was stolen and don't try to hide behind Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis  all positive vibes. 
Us real music guys wanna have fun too 
Neil please reach out as soon as possible so we can make the Grammys culturally relevant again. 
All artists have a problem with it and I am going to fix it for us all starting right now. 
Has anyone at the Grammys ever heard March Madness??? Yes I have a problem with the Grammys. 
You like your black people a certain way also. You wouldn't have Future perform and that man owned the clubs last summer. 
You guys are supposed to be all about taste. 
Dexter didn't feel he even had a chance of winning and he was right!!! 
Everybody with any form of taste knows that was the best video of the year! 
I don't want to just fix the awards for me but I want to fix it for Dexter Navy who directed A$AP Rockys LSD video. 
If I'm not at the show next year then there is no show. 
Hi Grammys this is the most important living artist talking. 
I feel the Grammy awarding system is way off and completely out of touch. 
I don't give opinions because they are commonly agreed upon. I say what I feel. 
We need to fix this. 
I know so many cool artists whose hearts have been broken by the politics including mine. 
I think the Grammys are super important!!! 
I would like to sit down with Neil Portnow right now 
I really didnt mean to use the B word tonight  all positive vibes 
God bless the fools  all positive vibes! 
Ezrin I truly feel sorry for your friends and family that they have had to suffer an idiot like you for so many years 
Welcome to pop culture!!! 
I made Dark Fantasy and Watch the Throne in one year and wasnt nominated for either and you know who has 2 albums of the year. 
Rock and Roll was stolen Rap was exploited 
its guys like you that run companies and dont invest in Ye even if Im your kids idol!!! 
Bob please never speak in public again you are everything that is wrong with the old guard  
Bro you said Macklemore was more important musically than me no offense to Macklemore, hes a nice human being! 
Im so sorry for them I will send them free Yeezys to make up for the embarrassment that you have caused your family! 
Your kids are ashamed of their dad Sorry for speaking about kids but could you imagine if you were Bob Ezrins kids 
Do something relevant Please dont speak on me bro ever again!!! 
Im tired of old people that have no connection with anything trying to comment on music! 
What the fuck does he know about rap 
Has anybody ever heard of Bob Ezrin??? 
If you are an entrepreneur you may have debt and lawsuits  
new song with my brothers French Montana and Nas 
My Heart 
Loving this mood for SEASON 4 
Feels good to be home 
Drake would come by and just help, no strings. Future also came by to write. We all got new shit together that's gonna drop soon. 
I wanna thank my brother Drizzy for helping me on 30 Hours amp; Father Stretch My Hands. 
Season 4 begins. Premire Vision 
My number one enemy has been my ego there is only one throne and thats God's  
In rap we have been developing a brotherhood 
There is so much positive energy right now  Lets stay on this Ultra Light Beam 
A wise man should be humble enough to admit when hes wrong and change his mind based on new information 
Some rappers got the club  Some got the radio some got the consciencesome got the streets Everybody has something they do the best 
every rapper is somebodys favorite 
that statement hast been sitting well with me Thats a dated mentality ... Im not on that  
Man, I was thinking about when I commented on the idea of "taking the rap throne  
Just creating in a fun simple way with no politics 
Imagine if the people I named went to high school 2gthr and had a project to do for school 
all with one purpose of creating beautiful product that can be attainable by everyone 
A dream of mine would be to do a project where I work side by side with Raf Simmons, Helmut Lang, Vanessa Beecroft and Martin Margiela 
Stream THE LIFE OF PABLO on 
Hey Nicolas Ghesquiere I grew up on Tron too Lets be best friends!!! 
Id rather teachers got paid more and books cost less   
We have to lower the price of textbooks 
Education puts Americans into debt before they even get a chance to get started 
Steve Jobs wanted to lower the cost of textbooks 
shes giving everything she has to make sure her son has a better future 
I mean, his mom has to work 2 days just to afford 1 book for her son  
Her son just got in a really good school and his textbooks are like $400 dollars each  
I have a friend who works really hard and makes $370 dollars a day 
All positive energy 
so many people were inspired and thats all I wanted 
MSG was amazing  
You let me dream without limits. 
They provided resources for me to create they supported me  I thank you so so much  
Adidas has really made all the difference  
Thank you Adidas for supporting my creative vision  
Pablo is full of joy and love because I was able to create. 
I hope these words and this moment of truth can serve as some extra motivation to you 
for anybody listening to Pablo now, working on a dream 
so people laughed when I said I wanted to be able to take care of my family  
but if you dont have your paper right, there's a chance that your family can be broken up 
when Sway was telling me what to do, I was in debt, and had a child 
When Charlemagne was calling me "donkey of the day" I was in debt 
I can see the clouds separating  
Im an artist the definition of art - or at least my definition - is to be able to see the truth and then express it... 
I dont have to be cool 
perhaps a fashion group will cover the 53 that Ive invested over the past 13 years 
Perhaps Adidas will do some big Lebron style deal or  
my dreams brought me into debt and Im close to seeing the light of day 
this country was built off of dreamers  never give up on your dreams, bro 
You can point fingers and laugh, but for all entrepreneurs with families ... 
I wanted the world to know my struggle 
Money doesnt make me who I am 
You cant control me or use the debt against me no more  
For the past 3 years people who knew about the debt tried to use it against me in negotiations  
only problem I got with Good Fridays is I got more songs than I got old pictures!!!! Lol!!!! 
Also all Good Fridays songs will be on Tidal. Me and Kendrick got 40 songs and me and Young Thug got 40 songs. 40/40 club!!! 
Please to all my friends fans and music lovers. Sign up to Tidal now. 
My album will never never never be on Apple. And it will never be for sale... You can only get it on Tidal. 
This was made with love. Only God can judge me. So I only expect love back!!! 
Shut the fuck up and enjoy the greatness. 
Aight then  
Don't tell me Lebron had a bad game. What yo jump shot look like??? 
The system is designed for colored people to fail and one of our only voices is music. One of our only ways out is music. 
I love love love white people but you don't understand what it means to be the great grandson of ex slaves and make it this far. 
To Pitchfork, Rolling Stone, New York Times, and any other white publication. Please do not comment on black music anymore. 
Puff Daddy is the most important cultural figure in my life. His influence means everything to me. 
Pitchfork, the album is a 30 out of 10 
People wanted me to tweet again well here's some tweets!!! 
and a balance art family perception friends family politics and the fucking manipulators 
No matter what level you're at in life there is still a struggle 
but if the self proclaimed cockiest person in the world can lay his personal business on the line then please people see my heart. 
This is a God dream 
I know I confuse you guys sometimes but please bare with me. 
I am ultra light beaming right now. So many people have called or emailed to help today hedge fund guys billionaires etc... 
I am of service to the world with my art and I just want to serve more. 
and I think the idea of being a celebrity a lot of times blocks the understanding of what my purpose is. 
There are people who support artist and philanthropist 
I could not have done the MSG without Adidas but world, what I'm telling you is that was just a small sketch for what I will bring you. 
Also for anyone that has money they know the first rule is to use other people's money. 
If I spent my money on my ideas I could not afford to take care of my family. I am in a place that so many artist end up. 
but I need access to more money in order to bring more beautiful ideas to the world. 
Yes I am personally rich and I can buy furs and houses for my family 
I want to help the world and I need help to do it. I am an artist and I care about humanity. 
I just feel rich people are always too cool to ask for help trying to impress each other at dinner parties. 
...on another note, can brah be the girl verson of bruh??? 
and yes there are misspellings on this chart thats how you know its me... 
All you guys had meetings with me and no one lifted a finger to help. 
I promise Im going to make the world dope. all I do is make shit dope  
if you want to help help me 
youd rather open up one school in Africa like you really helped the country 
All you dudes in San Fran play rap music in your homes but never help the real artists 
hey Larry Page Im down for your help too  
Here is my Donda chart that I wrote 4 years ago that everyone laughed at 
I know I can make the world a better place I have done the impossible  I retook the throne of rap I beat the fashion game 
and I will always respect you for that and the world will love you 
one of the coolest things you could ever do is to help me in my time of need 
Mark, I am publicly asking you for help 
I dont have enough resources to create what I really can 
Im this generation's Disney I want to bring dope shit to the world 
World, please tweet, FaceTime, Facebook, instagram, whatever you gotta do to get Mark to support me 
You love hip hop, you love my art I am your favorite artist but you watch me barely breathe and still play my album in your house  
Mark Zuckerberg I know its your bday but can you please call me by 2mrw 
I put Lowlights on my album just thinking about all the moms driving they kids to school then going to work 
Bars are worth more than money because it's something the people can use everyday to feel inspired. 
I know y'all tired of music controlled by money and perception. I'm proud of every dime of debt I got. 
All y'all so worried about being likable but only a few are concerned about being great!!! 
I am the Jordan and Steph Curry of music, meaning I'm the best of 2 generations. 
I made Dark Fantasy and Watch the Throne in one year and wasn't nominated for either ... I will have over 100 Grammys before I die. 
I made Dark Fantasy and Watch the Throne in one year and wasn't nominated for either ... 
I'm practicing my Grammy Speech. I'm not going to the Grammys unless they promise me the Album of the Year!!! 
Tidal is also funding a lot of my scripted content ideas. It's a new day people. More Ultra Light Dreams to be realized. 
Man thank you so so so much everyone for signing up to Tidal. Tidal is now the number one app in the world!!! 
Please for all music lovers. Please subscribe to tidal!!! I decided not to sell my album for another week. Please subscribe to tidal. 
Ima fix wolves 
after realizing he is the greatest living artist and greatest artist of all time. 
Mark Zuckerberg invest 1 billion dollars into Kanye West ideas 
They are calling me to the SNL stage now ... Speak soon... 
This is all all is fun all in good feelings... We will all be gone 100 years from now but what did we do to help while we were here!!! 
I write this to you my brothers while still 53 million dollars in personal debt... Please pray we overcome... This is my true heart... 
Let's dance in the streets. I am consumed by my purpose to help the world. 
All memes are wrong... The Life of Paul... The life of Pablo... Ultralight beams... Moms dads daughters sons stand up... 
Please forgive the profanity and give hugs and blessings to my brother Kirk for standing by me... In a few hours the journey begins... 
He was saved from persecution due to his Roman citizenship... I have the right to speak my voice... 
He was a learned man not of the original sect so he was able to take the message to the rest of the world... 
Paul ... The most powerful messenger of the first century... Now we stand here 20 centuries later... Because he was a traveler... 
.... awwwwww... 
Bosses 
Thank you my brother Ricardo 
HAD TO ALL CAPS THIS!!!!!! NO MORE RULES. MAKE YOUR OWN RULES ok now back to finishing Pablo 
IM SO HYPE RIGHT NOW EVERYTHING HAS CHANGED  HAVE YALL EVER SEEN TRON? THE END OF THE TRON WHERE EVERYTHING LIGHT UP!!!! 
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAA FUCK ALL THE HATERS PUT YOUR MIUTHERFUCKING FIST IN THE SKY RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!! 
and was there in full support to see me realize this dream 
and Im proud of this picture with me and Caitlyn She gave the most heart felt speech at my wedding 
Ive given everything I had for this moment a lot of people feel its the paradigm shift  
fashion aint no joke for me Its a way of life creative expression and industry 
so many people didnt make it and gave everything they had for me to stand on their shoulders and break through fashion 
Your site is entertaining and hilarious but certain things are just too far you have no idea what Ive had to go through  
Im a human being Im an artist, bro 
you probably got bootleg Yeezys on right now 
but Media Takeout couldnt say one thing positive knowing damn well youd love to be on the YEEZY 350 list 
people were crying people were throwing up the fist people were dancing 
I had an album listening and clothing presentation and Madison Square Garden 
respect the struggle respect the hustle respect the dreams respect the movement 
You seem like the type of organization hired to always keep dreamers down when certain things in history happen you just got to respect it 
Now - Media Takeout - always remember that you dissed the collection that changed the world. 
Its Chance's fault the album not out yet he really wanted Waves on that Bitch we in the lab now... 
There would be no MSG without iamdiddy my OG. He fought this war 15 years ago. Respect OG. 
You have supported me since the beginning and I'm so happy to call you my friend!!! 
The boss: thank so much Anna for coming to my show!!! 
The album is being mastered and will be out today added on a couple of tracks 
Now that the album is finally finished its back to Good Fridays. 
I want to be the creative director of Hermes 
not just the famous people there but the kids the moms the dads the families that came to share this moment with us 
9th It felt like a seen from The Warriors ALL GODS ALL GODS ALL GODS in the buildin 
but you can see at Madison Square Garden that you can stop us 
8th They want to control us with money and perception and mute the culture 
7th I miss that feeling so thats what I want to help restore 
Thats why music is so fucking watered down right now I miss that DMX feeling 
6th Stop trying to demonize real artist Stop trying to compromise art 
I cant be mad at Kanye because he made me famous!  
She was having dinner with one of our friends whos name I will keep out of this and she told him 
5th thing Im not even gone take credit for the idea its actually something Taylor came up with  
4th Bitch is an endearing term in hip hop like the word Nigga 
3rd thing I called Taylor and had a hour long convo with her about the line and she thought it was funny and gave her blessings 
2nd thing I asked my wife for her blessings and she was cool with it 
First thing is Im an artist and as an artist I will express how I feel with no censorship 
I did not diss Taylor Swift and Ive never dissed her 
Photos by Lukas Wassmann 
Another Cover 
Replay Season 3 on Tidal 
Cover by Peter De Potter 
Family 
Father Stretch My Hands.... I cried writing this.I love my Dad 
WERE RELEASING MORE TICKETS FOR TODAYS SHOW AT MADISON SQUARE GARDEN 
Zine party with Jackie Nickerson Virgil Abloh Heron Preston  
Final track list for The Life Of Pablo 
YEEZY Season 3. 2/11 4PM ET. TheGarden. Livestream for ALL on TIDAL. 
Please no one text me or ask me for anything till Monday. 
Seating 
Season 3 invite 
in the booth 
Wow this is pretty cool ... good job NIKE team... Lebron is my brother 
BILL COSBY INNOCENT !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm sorry Michael Jordan I love and respect you. My beef was with Mark Parker. I respect you so much! 
Now they know 
Puma we gone give you your measly million dollars back!!! Never try to divide the family!!! 
1000 there will never be a Kylie Puma anything. That's on my family! 1000 Kylie is on Yeezy team!!! 
Material for Merch stand  
Love love love love love my baby girl  
2017? 
Season 4 Im only working on kids clothing...full time 
That's the new album anybody who can figure out the title gets tickets to Season 3 and free Yeezys 
studio /final verses /new album titleT.L.O.P. 
Location scouting for Zine party February 10th with  Jackie Nickerson   
 fitting 
 fitting /shot by asvpxrocky 
 fitting / wifeylook 
 fitting BrainaLaviena 
 fitting asaprocky 
 fitting / gloves 
fitting /knit 
fitting. shearling fur side is too light. Need deeper color 
 fitting /waterproof 1050s 
 fitting / 1050s 
fitting/merch stands 
I have to call FloydMayweather and LeoDicaprio, I spoke to MikeTyson yesterday 
 fitting / wife outfit 
 fitting / knit 
Season 2 Zine pronounced Zeenshort for magazine.A lot of people pronounce it wrong. 
 fitting 
Tweet:  fitting 
SEASON 3 
Caught 10,000 retweets in half a second  
There may be a new secret album title 
ALSO THANK YOU FuckTyler FOR THE BEAT 
THANK YOU GUYS KIMOJI IS NUMBER 1 ON THE APP STORE 
I held a few seats for stage design that may open up depending on Vanessas final layout. 
THANK YOU SO MUCH GUYS WE SOLD MADISON SQUARE GARDEN OUT IN 10 MINUTES!!! 
Madison Square Garden Album listening / Yeezy Season 3 presentation Performance by Vanessa Beecroft 
On February 11th these dreams come true 
It was always a dream to show my collection at Madison Square Garden 
It was always a dream to have a listening party at Madison Square Garden 
Aye Billboard you could use the term unauthorized" but never refer to anything that me and Tyler do as fake out of respect to musicians 
billboard  its not a fake cover you seen it didnt you you know we shot it didnt you 
Should this be a Rolling Stone cover? Yes or No 
I bet you this still becomes the cover though... Let's do another poll.....  
ROLLING STONE SHOT BY TYLER THE CREATOR 
So many musicians touch my life and made me who I am I want to make something great to honor my idols 
this new album is ONE of the greatest albums not the greatest just one of  
Out of respect for Q-Tip, Puff, Hov, Lauren, Pharcyde, Mary, Stevie, Michael, Hendrix, James, Pete Rock, Pac, Marvin. 
Me and Wiz spoke yesterday. Great convo. All positive. 
SEASON 3 / WAVES / MADISON SQUARE GARDEN / INTERNATIONAL CINEMAS 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MY BROTHER VIRGIL ABLOH ON THE NEW BORN 
Gods dream Never speak on kids again all love  all blessings 
Im not into that kind of shit I like pictures and videos Me and my wife got the kind of love that can turn exes into best friends 
Exes can be mad but just know I never let them play with my ass I dont do that I stay away from that area all together 
Im happy that I now know that KK means weed please excuse the confusion  now back to  
Man its a sad a day Wiz lost 2 million followers since I tweeted I didnt mean to either him like that. 
In the lab with Ian Connor by the way 
The Devil cant stop us 
Ima take these down cause its all about positive energy blessings blessings positive energy blessings 
Good energy positive energy 
This album is actually a Gospel album 
I love the world bottom line and all I want is peace and positive energy 
Whats sad is I love Wiz and I love all all my brothers and all people 
 
  
Honor puff honor 50 honor q tip honor jay 
I got this record niggas can't even play before 2 am. 
All respect to Andre Harrel and Max B  
 the album formally known as Swish  
 
New album title, WAVES 
This is not album of the year. This is album of the life. 
good fridays 
So happy to be finished with the best album of all time 
Uncle Larry is with us in the lab 
 
We just wanna thank Madlib for these 6 beat CDs he sent over  
squad 
squad 
Had to do it 
The monster 
 
I told my wife...     
A message from Yasiin Bey 
It's up 
NO MORE PARTIES IN LA .........................very very extremely soon family 
I pray for his friends and family. 
David Bowie was one of my most important inspirations, so fearless, so creative, he gave us magic for a lifetime. 
I have no interest in working with anyone who is too important or too good or too traditional to take a call at 3am 
My idol. 
Swish February 11 16 
No More Parties in LA featuring Kendrick Lamar intro produced by me/track by Madlib 
Real Friends produced by me/sample by Frank Dukes and Boi 1da/drum programming by Havo 
I hope you have a nice weekend. 
New version is up. Please please erase the old one I wasnt satisfied with the sound quality. 
It will be back up shortly. When its back up all rippers please rip the new one instead. 
Un momento, there was a slight distortion in the main loop within Real Friends. 
Thank you GQ and to everyone who voted, its been an amazing year!!! 
Praying for my brother King Louie and his family. 
Im so proud of my wife! This KIMOJI idea is so dope... 
R.I.P. DJ TIMBUCK2. He was an amazing person and talent. My prayers go out to his family. 
no offense to anyone Im asking everyone DONT ASK ME FOR ANYTHING TILL AFTER IM FINISHED WITH MY ALBUM 
Im finishing my album and my next collection 
Pusha T King Push - Darkest Before Dawn: The Prelude" Preorder 
Kid Cudi "Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven" 
Pusha T Untouchable, produced by Timbaland. 
with my brothers Trav, Yasiin and Nabil 
Robert Zemeckis is a truly inventive filmmaker and captivating storyteller. He is one of my favorite directors of all time. 
I just saw The Walk and it was truly inspiring! The Walk is a modern elegant masterpiece. 
If a game is made for a 2 year old, just allow them to have fun and give the parents a break for Christ sake. 
That makes no sense!!! We give the iPad to our child and every 5 minutes there's a new purchase!!! 
Fuck any game company that puts in-app purchases on kids games!!! 
Color 
Please: Do everything you possibly can in one lifetime. 
Maximum expression while I have air in my lungs. 
Richmond Heights OH San Diego CA San Jose CA Seattle WA Sterling Heights MI Sydney Australia Washington DC 
Mays Landing NJ Melbourne Australia Miami Beach FL Minneapolis MN New York NY Orlando FL Paris France Philadelphia PA Phoenix AZ 
Emeryville CA Framingham MA Frankfurt Germany Hanover MD Houston TX Las Vegas NV London UK Los Angeles CA Manchester CT Manchester England 
Atlanta GA Belfast Ireland Berlin Germany Birmingham UK Cary NC Chicago IL Copenhagen Denmark Dallas Tx Denver CO Dublin Ireland 
Season 2 will be live streamed to theaters in the following cities 
SEASON 2 
The Weeknd is one of my favorite artists and I was really excited to get to work with him on this song. 
RODEO 
My good friend Ellen TheEllenShow just launched her clothing line, 
My prayers go to Ingrid Sischys family  I will forever appreciate her sincerity  She was a super nice person. 
Baptism 
DREAMS ARE WORTH MORE THAN MONEY 
Skateboard P is the God. 
Beautiful song, incredibly shot. 
Tyga The Gold Album  
3500 
Kim, Im so happy to be married to the girl of my dreams I love you and Nori so much!!! I would find you in any lifetime. 
We promise to win. 
Thank you SAIC This is my greatest honor to date and would have been my mother - Dr. Wests - proudest moment. 
I might change it again but thats the name now 
Im changing my album name to SWISH 
The love of music is louder than words. 
New PAPER mag 
Excited, humbled and motivated for the future. 
New Tyler 
VIC MENSA - U MAD featuring me 
I want to steer clear of opportunities" and focus on dreams. 
Akira and There Will Be Blood are equally my 2 favorite movies of all time. 
Even people who wanna go to heaven dont wanna die to get there. 
I really like this vid... 
CODES 
SUMMER LEAGUE!!! ME TY $ AND WALE 
SEASON zine print edition available for free at the following locations 
KENDRICK IS AN INSPIRATION. THANK YOU FOR THE VIBRATIONS AND THE SPIRIT. YOUR MEANING, MESSAGE AND EXECUTION ARE GIFTS TO THE WORLD. 
I decided to make it the first official video featuring Theophilus Allan Kingdom and Paul McCartney 
I felt the Brits performance captured the energy of the record 
Finally back in the studio starting my day by listening to Kendricks new album!!! Thank you for the music and messaging!!! 
SWISH!!!!!! 
SWISH!!! 
SWISH!!! 
SWISH!!!! 
IM SO LUCKY 
CONGRATS BABY ON THE SHOW PREMIERE LAST NIGHT 
CONGRATS BABY ON 30 MILLION TWITTER FOLLOWERS 
IM SO LUCKY 
 
YEEZY SEASON ONE - PHOTOGRAPHS BY JACKIE NICKERSON 
CyHi The Prynce freestyle on Westwood 
ALL DAY (feat. Theophilus London, Allan Kingdom amp; Paul McCartney) 
YOU ARE A LEGEND, A GREAT FRIEND, AND RESPECTFULLY EVEN THOUGH YOU WHITE ONE OF THE REALEST NIGGAS ALIVE 
THERE WOULD BE NO FIX, NO WATCH THE THRONE, NO COLLEGE DROPOUT, NO GOLD DIGGER WITHOUT YOU BRO!!!! 
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BROTHER MIKE DEAN, MIKE YOURE ONE OF THE GREATEST LIVING MUSICIANS IF NOT THE GREATEST 
So Help Me God 
New Album title... 
Yo so proud of my family Big Sean for his first number 1 album!!!!  
I also would love for Bruno to sing this hook on this song 88 Keys / Puff and I produced I even asked Tyler to shoot the vid. 
I also want to publicly apologize to Bruno Mars, I used to hate on him but I really respect what he does as an artist. 
I would like to publicly apologize to Beck, Im sorry Beck. 
Congrats to my family Chris Brown and Tyga on their new release 
Really proud of my brother and his new album. 
GOOD LUCK TO MY FAMILY COMMON AND JOHN LEGEND ON THEIR OSCAR NOMINATION!!!!! SO PROUD OF YOU GUYS!!!! 
BLESSINGS ON BLESSINGS ON BLESSINGS!!! 
Seems like just yesterday we were interning at Fendi - now youre nominated for the LVMH Young Designer Prize. 
I am so proud of my family Virgil Abloh. 
If you wanna have a drink with me, book a table at the spotted pig when Im back in NY. 
We want to innovate and we will win someday. 
All we have are our dreams, and you can step on our dreams and ideas all you want, but we wont stop fighting. 
Fame is often looked down upon in the design world, so its actually been something I had to overcome. 
because I was too famous by the time I realized I wanted to design. 
I dont call myself a designer as I was not allowed to go to Saint Martins 
I have millions of ideas and I represent a new generation just trying to express themselves in a broken world. 
and I have encountered countless amounts of bigotry along the way. 
To Fern Mallis: I just want you to understand that attempting to do clothing has been very difficult 
cyhitheprynce   
LET'S GO!!! 
please read 
Access granted. Reserve now.  
backstage 00:00:00:03:28:30:13 
camera angles 00:00:00:05:56:33:30 
 ACCESS: 
details 00:00:00:20:53:39:14 
hair and makeup 00:00:00:21:20:07:84 
YEEZY SEASON 1 Live Stream 2.12.15 4p EST. Tickets for 50 theaters worldwide 
invite 00:00:01:02:22:10:41 
patches 00:00:01:22:20:23:26 
patches 00:00:01:22:45:51:02 
casting 00:00:02:00:07:10:36 
vacuum packed 00:00:02:19:11:21:01 
00:00:03:21:45:33:05 
00:00:05:04:06:28:93  
3 00:00:05:23:06:01:83 
printing invites 00:00:00:05:23:14 
00:00:06:19:52:31:01 
GOOD Sessions 
"Blessings Sean, Drake, Me. Dark Sky Paradise 2.24.15 
ONLY ONE directed by Spike Jonze, concept by Vanessa Beecroft 
ONLY ONE directed by Spike Jonze 
ONLY ONE ft. Paul McCartney photo inezandvinoodh 
600,000 people rallied for justice on Dec. 13th  
Pusha T Lunch Money   
 
VIBES! Out Today. 
VII   
I know its last minute, but if you havent voted, please vote today 
The midterms are extremely important 
I'm supporting the Democratic ticket in these midterms 
Me and my wife met with President Obama two weeks ago 
Sometimes I feel like just saying I love you isnt strong enough to express how much I love you 
Happy Birthday baby! Thank you for being the dopest wife amp; mom! 
not smiling makes me smile 
Hedi at Saint Laurent, Nicolas at Vuitton and now John at Margiela. 
It is very exciting to see what powerful creatives do at different houses... 
JOHN GALLIANO is the new creative director of MARGIELA, I heard this rumor when I was in Paris and just received confirmation this morning! 
BigSean 
YEEZUS TOUR POP-UP SHOP MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA 336 CHAPEL STREET 
Thank you Robin for all of the joy you brought the world 
A.P.C. KANYE 
One of my favorite artists Lana Del Reys new album. 
 
hi Mom 
My friend Lisa Robinson just released her book, There Goes Gravity. Pretty legendary photos in it!!! 
I love my family 
Dreams come true 
 Thank you voguemagazine 
check out SteveStoute classic Tanning of America marathon starting at 7pm on vh1  
I'm performing tonight on LateNightSeth 
The doors may be heavier, but I promise you WE WILL BREAK THEM. 
Ten years later I am still the same kid from Chicago, still dreaming out loud, still banging on the door. 
I wake up every day trying to give something back to you that you can rock to and be proud of. 
I am honored and humbled by my fans, for the unwavering support and love over the past ten years. 
gave of their heart to that project, and to all the projects that followed, and are to come. 
I am extremely grateful to each and every person along that road who helped, lent an ear, lent their voice, 
to not only convince my peers and the public that I could be an artist, but to actually get that art out for the world to hear. 
I say "finally" because it was a long road, a constant struggle, and a true labor of love 
Ten years ago today we finally released what had been my life's work up to that point: The College Dropout. 
A.P.C. 
YEEZUS TOUR ON SALE NOW 
YEEZUS TOUR PRE-SALE NOW 
OFF-WHITE Virgil Abloh 
Thank you, Mandela, for your life's work and may it serve as a guiding light to illuminate our future. 
At a young age my mother taught me the importance of his work. Mandela sacrificed his life for the betterment of mankind. 
I'd like to address the false stories and noise that have been engineered by the media. 
Despite recent media reports, I've never said anything to dishonor or trivialize the life or transition of one of the most inspiring leaders 
Respect to Mandela, his family and his legacy. 
YEEZUS TOUR MERCH AVAILABLE BLACK FRIDAY 
You inspire us all to be greater and have broken the original doors down that gave us the platform: 
Thank you Russel for these kind insightful words, I appreciate your mentorship. 
LOU REED INTERVIEW IN SYDNEY 1974. 
BOUND 2 VIDEO  
YEEZUS TOUR OFFICIALLY BACK ON THE ROAD 
I DO NOT HAVE AN INSTAGRAM 
Thank you MAISON MARTIN MARGIELA and RenzoRosso It was one of the greatest experiences to work with the maison!!! 
KimKardashian:  HEADING HOME NOW 
So proud of my baby kimkardashian 
MY NAME IS MY NAME. PRE-ORDER ON ITUNES NOW. 
YEEZUS TOUR WITH KENDRICK ON SALE NOW. 
Karl shooting my 2 girls CarineRoitfeld RiccardoTisci KarlLagerfeld 
TOUR 
I loved working on this new John Legend album, LOVE IN THE FUTURE, out now. johnlegend 
PUSHA-T: MY NAME IS MY NAME. COVER 2. OCT 8TH. 
PUSHA-T: MY NAME IS MY NAME. COVER 1. OCT 8TH. 
BIG SEAN. HALL OF FAME. IN-STORE TODAY. 
BLOOD ON THE LEAVES 
New Big Sean video - creative direction by Matt Williams from DONDA 
please don't diminish the user experience by just posting it as a normal video  please link them to my site 
if you put a link to my site people will be able to chop amp; screw the video. this is a step towards the possibilities of internet based video 
ATTENTION all sites just posting merely the video version of BLKKK SKKKN HEAD... 
BLKKK SKKKN HEAD 
BLKKK SKKKN HEAD INFO 
I open the debate The 2nd verse of New Slaves is the best rap verse of all time.meaning  OF ALL TIME IN THE HISTORY OF RAP MUSIC, PERIOD 
And to who ever leaked the video FUK YOU! 
Allow me and Nick to give the world what we've been losing sleep over. 
So any website that may have the unapproved / unfinished ruff. I ask you to please take it down. 
The final version will be ready within the next week. 
Me and Nick Knight have been working on this video for 5 months and for creatives it's heartbreaking when something like this happens. 
The BLKKK SKKKN HD video that leaked yesterday was not the official version. 
Thank you Jean Touitou for letting me create with you 
This is not another "Robot" movie. Guillermo del Toro is a master. 
I saw a pre-screening of Pacific Rim yesterday and it's easily one of my favorite movies of all time. 
one of the other gifts my girl gave me for fathers day 
ENTER FOR A CHANCE TO WIN A PAIR OF THE RED NIKE AIR YEEZY 2 
YEEZUS ALBUM NOW AVAILABLE AT 
NEW MUSIC AT NEW PROJECTION LOCATIONS  
BLK SKN HEAD 2 
BLK SKN HEAD 
NEW SONG AND VISUAL FROM MY NEW ALBUM BEING PROJECTED TONIGHT ACROSS THE GLOBE ON 66 BUILDINGS, LOCATIONS  
