text 
Hillary Clinton's challenge after tonight: Ignore Bernie Sanders. 
With Trump's wins Tuesday, could Indiana be Cruz's last stand? 
Today marks 30 years since the Chernobyl disaster, but the threat will last for 3,000 more: 
Anti-Muslim prejudice in pop culture is the worst its ever been: 
House Majority Whip says Ted Cruz would make a great Supreme Court justice: 
annfinster Hi, Ann. Yes, it's considered to be. Here's a good explainer: 
Chernobyl's 30th anniversary: World's worst nuclear accident, seen through survivors' eyes. 
'This is not what we agreed on.' SC's delegates agree with Putin on MOX nuclear shutdown. 
The Cruz-Kasich pact appears as shaky as their chances of actually winning the nomination. 
Chernobyl's 30th anniversary: The ruined nuclear plant will remain a threat for 3,000 years. 
Chernobyl's 30th anniversary: Looking back at the worst nuclear accident in history, through the eyes of survivors. 
COMING SUNDAY -- Chernobyl's 30th anniversary: The ruined nuclear plant will remain a threat for 3,000 years. 
COMING SUNDAY -- Chernobyl's 30th anniversary: World's worst nuclear accident, seen through survivors' eyes 
President Obama soothed Turkey, an important foreign ally. but antagonized some Americans with long memories. 
Is there a Donald Trump 2.0 campaigning across the Northeast?  politics roundup 
We never give up. -- Aram Hamparian, executive director of the Armenian National Committee of America. 
buzzyanne There is something wrong with being angry? 
In short, this law codifies discrimination, NC RepDavidEPrice, Rep. GKButterfield and RepAdams wrote. 
The centrists crucial to a White House victory this fall are not the voices being spotlighted in the primary season. 
This is really a no-brainer, in my view, says Sen. JohnCornyn. 
Kentucky is the nations third-leading coal producer. 
There needs to be a means by which a blind person can operate that car as well." ParnellDiggs 
If Cruz even had a faint glimmer of hope of winning on a first ballot, the results in New York . . extinguish it. 
Technically, the rules committee can change anything it wants. 
If Cruz even had a faint glimmer of hope of winning on a first ballot, the results in New York ... extinguish it. 
Haley Barbour Jr., a son of the former Mississippi governor, has pleaded not guilty to assault charges. 
The EPA pulls back on a proposal that had North Carolina lawmakers and auto racing fans in an uproar. 
Moms deserve a place more accessible and convenient than the last stall of the bathroom," says clairecmc. 
Congress gets an earful from both sides -- Apple and the FBI -- on the issue of encryption 
It's primary day in New York, a homecoming for 3 of 5 candidates  stevethomma 
"When I die, turn the lights off and watch me glow  
DPrabhata Good question. But it's not enough to shake their challengers yet. 
RSF_inter Austin_Tice It's the least we can do for Austin, his family and his excellent body of work. 
Austin Tice supporters to President Obama: Dont leave missing journalist behind 
Clinton and Trump are strong in New York  but are they strong enough to gain 
Supreme Court considers Obamas immigration program as hundreds of protesters gather outside 
Hillary Clinton recently blasted the hidden financial dealings exposed in the  
jeffdebruyn guardian Jeff: Thanks for asking. The documents we have are from only one firm. There are plenty more offshores out there. 
It's Monday, so  is back. And it's tax day; here's why that matters politically. 
The White House and Senate Democrats who back Merrick Garland are trying to increase pressure on Senate Republicans 
What should count more, the will of GOP voters or rules few can follow but that could deny Trump the nomination? 
N.C.'s RepDavidEPrice criticizes idea of allowing cuts to mandatory spending 
Germany lets prosecutor consider criiminal charge for comic poem about Turkeys Erdogan 
How the GOP presidential candidates' positions on health care compare, in one handy place. 
Donald Trump loves New York, and New Yorks Republican Party loves him. 
New York hosted a two-ring political circus last night. Read all about it on  
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders clash in a biting, high-stakes debate 
Six years after Deepwater Horizon oil well blowout tragedy, U.S. issues new drilling rules 
After 40 years, U.S. human rights report wins respect, but doesnt change 
Lets not give up, Boko Haram escapee pleads. Two years pass since 276 girls kidnapped. 
Teamsters rally in Washington to protest possible cuts to their pensions. 
Donald Trump is popular in Pennsylvania and likely to win its primary April 26. Or is he? 
White House calls out Sen. Jim Risch for opposing Merrick Garland as Supreme Court pick 
Does the Senate have to consider a Supreme Court pick? 
marcorubio seeks to end special refugee status for Cuban immigrants 
This Florida high schooler developed an electrical generator that costs just $12 
Donald Trump hires insiders, even as he rails against party insiders 
Neighbors Idaho, Washington state reflect partisan rift in Supreme Court nomination fight 
California drought and drainage bills could collide on Capitol Hill 
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will debate Thursday night  again. 
SenatorBurr and SenFeinstein propose forcing companies like Apple to help the FBI. 
 lob atomic bomb on Brazils political class 
Who could change up the presidential election map this fall? This guy, says MorningConsult 
Want to be in the know politically? Read McClatchyDC's  weekdays stevethomma 
Mississippi LGBT law didn't affect locations of ceremonies for USS Portland, Navy says 
House Republicans reopen the bidding on California water bill 
Bono joins LindseyGrahamSCs call for foreign aid to countries in Middle East 
It's all rigged, Trump says. It's all whining, Cruz says. Get the Morning Buzz. 
Trump-Cruz drama enters Act 2, and it's just as bitter. 
Coming up: timjohnson4, KevinGHall and NickNehamas are hosting a reddit  on the  at 1pm ET 
What's shaking today in politics? Find out with  from McClatchy's stevethomma 
Happening today  1pm ET: marisaataylor, timjohnson4, KevinGHall amp; NickNehamas host reddit  on  
A guide to the Panama Papers, this week's biggest news, in one place. Happy Friday. 
Wait, would Sanders make a stronger Democratic nominee than Clinton? Our poll: 
FinbowBrian Ah, OK. Thanks for reading McClatchyDC, Brian, and have a great weekend! 
FinbowBrian DRUDGE_REPORT Is there an error in the story about that, Brian? I skimmed it but I don't see one. 
sandes363 DRUDGE_REPORT says it's illegal to deface in such a way it can't be used; doesn't address writing per se 
Americans are overwhelmingly pessimistic about the countrys path, cClatchy-maristpoll poll finds. 
After the Panama Papers, the question becomes: What will the U.S. do about it? 
Sen. LindseyGrahamSC wants a new Marshall Plan for the Middle East 
Airbnbs fast growth in Cuba comes with problems but is still rewarding, says FrancoOrdonez 
PamGiarrizzo Hi, Pam. Other polls have already found that, so we felt the angle looking toward the general election was newsier. 
Twaikuer maristpoll I assume that wasn't played up because it falls within the poll's margin of error. 
Kluvar ICIJorg This is the only one we have documents from. 
The middlemen who help funnel wealth offshore--few questions asked. From the Panama Papers. 
Fear and loathing election: Even supporters dont like Clinton, Trump. 
Wyoming investigates Panama Papers law firm, after stories from McClatchy, ICIJorg 
Businesses take a lead role in opposing laws targeting LGBT people. 
In race to replace Sen. Marco Rubio, Democratic candidates open fire in Florida. 
SenatorCantwell, Sen. PattyMurray slam new directive on aid for sick nuclear workers. 
Income taxes are due April 18 this year, not April 15 -- thanks to Abraham Lincoln. 
Real_JMOOB Thanks for the love! 
AKSassyPirate Hi, Alicia! Delaware is in the story, too. 
The pleasure is ours, Bstorrow. 
VinkayemKaren AmazingBernie Hello! Yes, and it's this same poll. That's covered in the story. 
hamishtrader edwardnh Remember these documents are from just one company. There are plenty of other companies like it out there. 
A quarter of Sanders' voters would not support Clinton, cClatchy-maristpoll finds. 
Ted Cruz wins Wisconsin, sure, but Donald Trump states loom on the horizon. 
AKSassyPirate SZ We are continuing to cover this and have more to come. Stay tuned. 
U.S. reaction to Mississippi governor signing LGBT bill into law was swift and strong. 
While there's no Atlantic drilling for now, seismic airgun blasts might go on. 
chinahand Whtapl TimothyS KevinGHall No, sorry, I mean there are plenty of other companies. We have documents only from one, however. 
How spies and CIA gun-runners use offshore companies to stay hidden.  
Whtapl chinahand TimothyS KevinGHall Remember these leaked papers are from just one company. Plenty more out here. 
eaglestarz_ fxmatt4 allisonkilkenny Remember the papers are from just one company. 
DPrabhata semperfidem2004 Shucks, we're blushing. 
marcburleigh McClatchy is one of only two U.S. partners in the effort, along with ThisIsFusion. 
Malinka1102 tallgeekychap Of note. 
After Panama papers leak: U.S., Britain press for names. 
European anti-terrorism efforts are hobbled by a lack of trust and shared intelligence. 
Who else is hiding money offshore? The soon-to-be divorced.  
'Due diligence lite:' How global banks are helping the wealthy hide assets.  
The blacklisted who march through a Panama law firms client list  and Syrias civil war... 
A brokered GOP convention? Nobody even knows anymore just how that would work. 
Offshore corporations have one main purpose  to create anonymity. Here's how:  
How the world's rich and powerful hide money. Among them: 12 heads of state.  
Polls find that Donald Trump benefits from mayhem at his rallies, at least for now. 
Medical care in federal prisons is found wanting by TheJusticeDept inspector general. 
Unlike in 2008, some women dont care that Hillary Clinton would be first female president. 
Heres why you should avoid putting your childs car seat behind an occupied front seat. 
Whose grave is it, anyway? In Havana cemetery, even the dead offer a chance for dispute. 
America to Establishment: Who the hell are you people? 
President BarackObama in Cuba  more popular than the Castros? 
Could Trump bring down Missouri's Blunt -- and make the state an election player this year? 
Service members have more restrictions on free speech than civilians do, court ruling shows. 
High turnout for primaries and caucuses. What does it mean for November? 
Cruz tries to slow Trump  with help from some unlikely corners. 
ricketzz Story says "their rallies or speeches" were disrupted. I think an inference of weakness is in the eye of the beholder here, Dave. 
ricketzz Hi, Dave. Did Sanders not speak at that rally? 
Besides SCOTUS, SenateMajLdr also won't consider an Obama judicial nominee from Kentucky. 
Just how far could Donald Trump legally go to take on his 
TedAtAHS TheStudyofWar We ran out of space to add "officially," alas. 
Is Obamas upcoming trip to Cuba protecting his policy changes -- or rewarding Castro? 
Inevitable Islamic State question: Now that it's genocide, what will the U.S. do about it? 
With Marco Rubio out of the campaign, Cuban-Americans in Congress reclaim battle on Cuba. 
Why the Senates secret CIA torture report might well remain secret. 
What does Kerry's statement about Islamic State mean for the future of U.S. intervention? 
What the heck is a contested GOP convention anyway? LightmanDavid explains. 
fredwalton216 Hi, Fred! We haven't forgotten him. The story mentions him. 
 
Who would a President Trump or Clinton pick for the Supreme Court? We throw out some names. 
Meet Chief Judge Merrick Garland, President Obamas  
Will HIllary Clinton's embrace of President Obama help or hurt in the general election? 
Now its Donald Trump vs. Ted Cruz for the GOP presidential nomination. 
Internet reacts: DC's massive subway system says it must close for a day -- tomorrow. 
Big questions loom large ahead of Tuesday's vote. 
For Marco Rubio and John Kasich, home might not be so sweet in Tuesday's primaries. 
Trump might face inciting a riot charge after man threw a punch at a rally in N.C. 
Rubio wants to reverse Obama's Cuba policy. Here's what it means if he loses Florida. 
Track in Kansas where Amtrak train derailed today was due for repairs. 
Is it nearly over? Tuesdays voting results could decide presidential races. 
California's Lytton Band of Pomo Indians plays political angles in bid for land trust bill. 
Deported teen mom whod attempted suicide can return to U.S. to press asylum case. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Congratulations, GregGordon2! 
dhammicmarxist Hi, Shannon. We are neither pro- nor anti- any candidates or policies. 
Obama and Trudeau: A bromance with an expiration date. 
Contentious Miami  features distinct Hispanic flavor. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Watch tonights Democratic presidential debate here, starting at 9 p.m. EST.  
BristowatHome You tweeting tonight? 
For Wall Street and anti-Wall-Street candidates, the same consultant and the same strategy. 
Proposed EPA car-engine rule upsets NASCAR-country congressmen. 
4 things to watch for in tonight's  from McClatchyDC's anitakumar01. 
BristowatHome Story explains. 
Trump takes 2 more states, but his front-runner status looks wobbly, says LightmanDavid. 
Race politics: Clinton vs. Trump is being written in black and white. 
Nancy Reagans legacy felt by Alzheimers researchers, who say she was a forceful advocate. 
Without government aid, 2016 could be even worse for S.C. farmers, reeling from last year's drought, then floods. 
Supreme Court lets Seattles King County reject ad targeting jihadis. 
 
 
 
Totally. 
 
 
 
Conservatives at  wary of "civil war" within GOP over Donald Trump. 
TaritChakrabor9 JayS2629 Exactly. 
6 things weve learned from a year of Hillary Clintons email releases. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GOP chorus grows to stop Donald Trump, but not everyone joins in. 
WiseRalphie ? We covered it. 
Watch tonight's GOP presidential debate here. 
Will Barack Black Eagle Obama save the grizzly bears from hunters? 
Donald Trump has a 7-point healthcare plan. Here's what it says. 
Supreme Court gives no clear sign how it will rule on Texas abortion clinic law. 
Fact check: Here's what Donald Trump really said about the Ku Klux Klan and David Duke. 
fredwalton216 Very true. And the story does note that. 
President Donald Trump? That just got a lot more possible. 
Hillary Clinton isn't rid of Bernie Sanders just yet. 
jah08 Thank you! 
NPSusa Good idea, thank you. I will pass it on. 
jah08 Thanks for the heads up! Please send URL(s) and we'll look into it. 
Fired FBI agent who blew the whistle over alleged sexual misconduct wins his appeal. 
Why sex is a rising worry in spread of   
Fla. congresswoman blasts Colombian peace deal. Says neither FARC nor Cuban mediators can be trusted. 
It's  Will it be Super Trumpday? 
There are just 3 questions to ask on  
2,079: How many Clinton emails contain classified material. Here's what the State Dept. says about them. 
Latest batch of Hillary Clinton emails is out. At least 1,818 of them contain classified material. anitakumar01 
No hearings, no votes: N.C. senator cites Biden rule in opposing any Obama Supreme Court nominee. 
'Batsh*t crazy:' Lindsey Graham is becoming a political stand-up act. VeraMBergen has his best lines. 
'No better fighter,' Chris Christie says, throwing support behind realDonaldTrump. annatinsley reports. 
 
 
 
 
Trump slams George W. Bush in freewheeling GOP debate -- and Rubio tries to bounce back.. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 And we're into closing statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Albert Einstein was right . . . again.  
Here are 4 things to watch for in the Democrats debate tonight, from anitakumar01. 
Heres how your new toy drone could upset the aviation world. 
Credit for the story goes to the MiamiHerald's PatriciaMazzei 
Trump and Sanders beat some of best-funded names, and in unconventional ways.  
Good to hear, Colleen! Want to get it too? Sign up here: 
All credit for this inspiring story goes to McClatchy's IdahoStatesman. 
 
Marco Rubio is slammed, and Ted Cruz is forced to apologize in  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Raucous caucus: GOP surge helps Cruz beat Trump; Sanders tests Clinton. 
Checking the facts from  
Fact-checking Donald Trump at his rally. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The largest political party in America now is . . . no party. 
At Oceana summit, actors and coastal leaders urge Obama to pull Atlantic drilling plans. 
RepMikePompeo wants to revive and expand mass surveillance program. 
Even absent, Donald Trump will cast a long shadow over Thursday night's GOP debate. 
ejlcole Good point. It should say "keynote *interviews*," not speakers. But alas we had to postpone because of the heavy snowfall. 
fredwalton216 In spots. They're shooting to have everything cleared by tonight, according to washingtonpost. 
We're sorry to announce that our event Tuesday has been blizzard-ed out. Stay tuned for new date! 
Please join us Tuesday for "The Path to the Presidency Leads Through the South." Details: 
Here's how front-runners realDonaldTrump and HillaryClinton, roll on policy proposals. 
After you dig out, join us Tuesday for "The Path to the Presidency Leads Through the South" 
In DC next Tuesday? Please join us for "The Path to the Presidency Leads Through the South." 
Hillary Clinton campaign accuses an Obama appointee of trying to smear Clinton. 
Who pays when Obama uses travel to rip Republicans? The answer can be murky. 
"Were on the threshold of a new era of American progress."  
"Weve got to make Congress respond to the needs of the people."  
.The Affordable Care Act is one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama.  
Martin O'Malley: "Black lives matter."  
 
With Martin O'Malley noting he was born the year of "I have a dream," emphasizing his relative youth.  
 
Ted Cruz may have gotten the ultimate get of endorsements this week. 
YosemiteNPS plans to change some iconic names amid a court battle with a concessionaire. 
Congress faces pressure to help sick nuclear-weapons workers who were denied compensation. 
larryclarry VFW_Vet kygov Hi, Larry! In Kentucky's defense, there *are* some good reasons for its buying coal the way it does. 
Viewer's guide: Stakes for seven candidates in Thursday's  by LightmanDavid. 
nikkihaley for GOP vice president? Let the runaway speculation begin. 
Coondawg68 aisnabi24 BigStick2013 Thank you! I probably looked at wrong year. This is just a resolution; it doesn't criminalize anything. 
aisnabi24 Coondawg68 BigStick2013 I did look it up, Hollie, and I included a link to what I found. You found something different? 
5 takeaways from Obamas State of the Union speech, by lesleyclark and anitakumar01.  
The text of Obamas State of the Union address, as prepared for delivery.  
RepBeras State of the Union guest symbolizes the U.S. debate over accepting refugees. 
aisnabi24 Coondawg68 BigStick2013 says H.R. 569 is about oil and gas leases. ? 
WATCH Obama's  address via the White House livestream. It starts in half an hour. 
The U.S. economy entered 2016 with strong tailwinds, with 292,000 jobs added in December. 
Standoff at Oregon refuge opens another front in the old Sagebrush Rebellion in the West. 
South Carolina's governor will deliver GOP response to State of the Union address. thestate 
American Dental Association defends mercury tooth fillings amid mounting evidence of risks. 
As Congress reconvenes, here's what's on the agenda. 
To cut carbon emissions, already-bike-friendly Europe pushes to add even more amenities. 
TheRichardSands Hi, Richard. It's not intended to be either pro or con. 
Follow LightmanDavid's map to navigate 2016s winding road to the White House. 
valleyphotomast Yes, some people we interviewed had that view as well. Thank you for weighing in. 
Donald Trump has already built a wall  between GOP and Latinos, they say. 
Chinese kung fu master builds on family legacy,stressing mental fitness along with physical. 
A  Miracle from RandPaul 
What a year: The Top 10 moments in politics of 2015 
Congressional investigation sought of nuclear workers compensation program.  
U.S. plans to build a precision-guided nuclear bomb raise hackles in Russia.  
With just two terms, Kentucky U.S. RepAndyBarr is high on the list for coal contributions, 
PolitiFact's 'Lie of the Year'? Donald Trumps campaign talk. 
What really happened to the now-ended U.S. train-and-equip program for Syrian rebels? 
Is it seen as socially undesirable to back Donald 
Sick nuclear workers hoped Obama would help when he became president, But their hopes quickly fizzled.  
For many workers, the nuclear plant is the only game in town.  
Bo? Sunny? 
Didn't start till 8:30? 
Main takeaways and top quotes from tonight's  
Been waiting for this tweet from PatriciaMazzei  (8:19 p.m.; no debating yet). 
No. 
kcstarfyi You've been quoted in my  story ""Star Wars: The Force Awakens" - The reviews are in" 
Ralph Stanton handled weapons-grade plutonium in street clothes and a lab coat.  
HotakainenRob discusses his story  on HuffingtonPost (he's first up on video). 
As priciest U.S. nuclear-bomb project gears up, workers benefits are at risk.  
Atoms19174634 DrHCaldicott cureworks Forwarded your query to reporters. 
joanie1k sbpaul Margaret Thatcher once said: 'If you want something talked about, ask a man. If you want something done, ask a woman.' " 
BudKennedy "Donald, youre not going to be able to insult your way to the presidency." 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
h/t to ADouglasNews  
That's McClatchyDC's stevethomma at right and LightmanDavid next to him.  
After he got sick working at a nuclear plant, he relied on Jesus and morphine.  
Congress tries to clear the air between states and the federal government over legal pot 
mygirls3333 Here's a good article for you from last March on the topic, from PolitiFact: 
Three things to watch if interest rates finally achieve "liftoff." federalreserve 
mygirls3333 You've exceeded my knowledge of the topic, sorry. I enjoyed chatting with you! Heading home now. 
mygirls3333 Same issue came up when John McCain ran, as he was born in Panama. He won the GOP nomination and went to the general election. 
mygirls3333 I haven't been able to find rules about running, only about serving. So maybe it won't come up unless he wins the nomination. 
mygirls3333 My hunch is the rules are no different for VP, since that person might end up as president. 
mygirls3333 Ah, I understand, thank you. We never reported that about Obama ourselves. 
When she went to work at the Y-12 plant, she had no clue what she was doing.  
mygirls3333 I'm not sure what you mean by us and other media claiming the president is not qualified, however. President Obama? (2/2) 
mygirls3333 Hi! The Constitution specifies the president must be "a natural-born citizen," and some debate precisely what that means. (1/2) 
This guy -- and 3 other things to watch for in the GOP presidential debate Tuesday. CNN 
Will the GOP become the party of Donald Trump? This week may tell, says LightmanDavid. 
paperboyphil Thank you! 
Coming up Thursday morning. (our story  
ICYM lindsaywise on pbsnewshour discussing our special report "IRRADIATED": 
lindsaywise will be on PBS NewsHour at 6 p.m. EST to talk about her story  
SPECIAL REPORT: More than 107K U.S. nuclear workers got sick on the job over the last seven decades.  
Winning the Cold War left a legacy of death on American soil:a special report  
Watch for a McClatchyDC special report Friday: "IRRADIATED: The hidden legacy of 70 years of atomic weaponry." 
Donald Trump sees snub in TIME naming German Chancellor Angela Merkel Person of the Year. 
Republicans reject Trumps bid to ban Muslims from entering U.S. but not all of them distance themselves entirely. 
Repeal of country-of-origin meat labeling may be tucked in U.S. budget bill. 
Welcome, Anna! ADouglasNews 
WATCH "The Buzz with Buzz": A government shutdown -- or government breakdown?  
Trump makes short list for TIME Person of the Year; Bernie Sanders wins readers' poll. 
FDA nominee Robert Califf faces questions on whether he's too close to pharmaceutical firms. 
Will the Paris climate summit be a boost or a bust for Texas energy?  
Losing Sunday's election might help Venezuelan leader Nicols Maduros international image. 
Three takeaways from the strong November BLS_gov jobs report out today, by KevinGHall. 
"Faced with tougher gun laws, many Californians buy in Nevada"; a 2013 story by sacbee_news that's trending today. 
Trump to Republican Jewish Coalition: You wont support me because I don't want your money. 
Opioid abuse has been a rising concern in Idaho, particularly among youths. 
Congress is ready to resuscitate authorization for the Export-Import Bank, to help American exporters. 
VIDEO: What does it take to become the White House Christmas Tree? "Real good genetics." 
Obama administration pleads with court to revive its migrant-family detention program. 
Venezuelas economic crisis is the dominate issue as Sunday's parliamentary vote approaches. 
An opposition win in Sunday's parliamentary elections in Venezuela might not change much. 
Christmas4Syria Thanks, I passed that on. 
Texas officials threaten a local resettlement agency with legal action if it continues aiding Syrian refugees. 
After killings, SpeakerRyan is asked to shut down panel investigating Planned Parenthood. 
Senate bill from SenFeinstein and JeffFlake would clamp down on visa-free travel to U.S. 
Are the Paris terrorist attacks a sign that the Islamic State is stagnating? 
Citing Planned Parenthood deaths, SpeakerRyan wants Congress to do more for mental health. 
Another government shutdown? I think its better than 50-50 that were going to get one," NormOrnstein says. 
Donald Trump sticks by his controversial 9/11 remarks, but Chris Christie says hes wrong, 
Her emails  including more Monday  reveal a different Hillary Clinton from public image. 
Beijing hit by some of its worst smog of 2015, a potent reminder of Chinas role at  
OK, it was only one Matchbox car. 
Turkey on fire, turkey stuffed with Matchbox cars; the Butterball hotline has heard it all. 
Remember NATO accused Russia last month of entering Turkey's airspace twice, citing its irresponsible behavior. 
Turkey's downing of a Russian warplane is "a stab in the back," Putin says. 
President Obama embraces President Francois Hollande and France at the White House. 
How the Paris attack might affect the U.S. presidential campaign: Who gains and who loses? 
Our story last night on U.S.-Russian rivalry over Syria is only more interesting today. 
PHOTO GALLERY: Five reasons the most dangerous base in the world isnt going anywhere. 
PHOTO GALLERY: WWII memories shape veteran's opposition to Japans new military powers. 
PHOTO GALLERY: Endangered symbol of Okinawas anti-military movement may already be gone. 
USNHO Our special report on the Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China is out: 
OkinawaMarines Our special report on Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China: 
guamnews_kuam Our special report on Japan-Guam-U.S. military buildup in response to China: 
GuamPDN Our special report on Japan-Guam-U.S. military buildup in response to China is out: 
CloseTheBase Our special report on Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China is out: 
PMCroninCNAS Our special report on Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China is out: 
governorcalvo Our special report on Japan-Guam-U.S. military buildup in response to China: 
davidsvine Our special report on Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China is out: 
SenDanSullivan Our special report on Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China: 
konotaromp Our special report on Japan-U.S. military buildup in response to China is here: 
PHOTO GALLERY: Marines Pacific shift to Guam would bring war games to Marianas. 
PHOTO GALLERY: Stalemate over Marines on Okinawa persists decades after deal to close base. 
Who decides whether Syrian refugees come to America? Watch "The Buzz With Buzz." 
As Obama's term nears end, some worry Guantanamo detainees could come to continental U.S. 
PHOTO GALLERY: Fears of China spur a defense boom for Japan. STORY: 
Happy to oblige, Tracey! We do our best. Thank you for the warm words. 
SPECIAL REPORT: U.S. Marines are coming to Guam, which isn't sure how it feels about that. 
SPECIAL REPORT: U.S. desire to expand Okinawa military base runs into old resentments. 
Okinawa lies at the heart of U.S. and Japanese countermoves to Chinas military expansion. 
SPECIAL REPORT: U.S. Marines are coming to Guam, which isn't sure how it feels about that. 
SPECIAL REPORT: U.S. desire to expand Okinawa military base runs into old resentments. 
Okinawa lies at the heart of U.S. and Japanese countermoves to Chinas military expansion. 
"How long will we have to pay?" American Muslims weather a backlash after massacre in Paris. 
Paris attacks show the high-tech revolution is both a blessing and a curse for crimefighters. 
GOP anxiety is sky-high in the heartland, and presidential candidates reflect that mood. 
Posing as refugees is hardly the easiest path into the U.S. for Islamic State operatives. 
American Muslims worry that recent anti-Islam rhetoric will make them targets. 
Trump to Kasich: Watch what you say or Ill sue. 
Nikopol5 Oh, sorry! I misunderstood who the question was directed to. 
BernieSanders: Why Im a democratic socialist and why thats good. 
Nikopol5 ColdKurd We cannot, though we have heard it too. (See the last paragraph of this story posted Tuesday): 
Our most-read story now: As refugees are newly ostracized, Syrian family finds peace in U.S. 
Hillary Clinton lays out a plan to fight the Islamic State in a speech at CFR_org. 
House approves bill imposing heightened security measures on Iraqi and Syrian refugees. 
WATCH VIDEO: Singer leonbridges previews his tribute to willienelson for Gershwin Prize. 
Millennials' economic challenges are very different from those of preceding generations. 
WATCH VIDEO: willienelson on winning the librarycongress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. 
Fear and compassion clash as America debates policy on Syrian refugees. 
S.C. Republican congressional delegation wants to keep Syrian refugees out of the state. 
toddinwichita BryanLowry3 This particular family left after infant son died in a govt. airstrike; worried for safety of their other kids. 
Here's tatecurtis' award-winning project on gaps in the oversight of oil trains. 
Suspects in Paris attacks reportedly were about to launch new assaults before raid. 
DPrabhata and MoonofA: RoyGutmanMcC is going to send you the link once it's available. 
DPrabhata and MoonofA: RoyGutmanMcC says it hasn't yet been published, but should go to the Security Council this week. 
DPrabhata MoonofA I'm asking the reporter and editor for it now. Please stand by. 
DPrabhata Checking with reporter-editor. Story says this is since September 2015, so a 2014 report wouldn't have these figures. 
DPrabhata RoyGutmanMcC Figure is from the United Nations. 
Voters dont care if next president is among the oldest ever, cClatchy-maristpoll finds. 
Here's your  top takeaway, highlights, main quotes and report card. 
We fact-check the  hopefuls as they go another round. 
 
 
"Wall Street representatives will not be in my Cabinet."  
 
 
 
 
In Paris aftermath, Fiorina, Santorum blame Obama, Clinton for ISISs rise. 
Bernie Sanders' campaign refutes reports it was upset over debate focus on Paris attacks. 
Terrorists hit Paris in multiple attacks, killing at least 18 people. 
Heres whats known at this point about Fridays terrorist attacks in Paris. 
Expensive road projects drive Hillary Clintons plan to lift coal country. 
tedcruz will take his campaign theme of religious liberty to BJUedu today. 
So, Chris Christie, what's it like having dinner with Donald Trump? 
What would deporting the 11 million people who are in the U.S. illegally look like? 
What to keep your eye on at Saturday's Democratic presidential debate, from anitakumar01. 
Now that Aung San Suu Kyi has won the election, can she lead Myanmar? 
8 seconds made him a hero -- and made Aug. 8, 2012, the worst day of his life.  
janus303 The poll didn't ask whether people thought these acts disqualified her to be president. 
janus303 And we didn't. You shouldn't assume people who answered 'unethical but not illegal' would vote for her. We didn't ask that. 
janus303 A majority think she did nothing illegal, yes. 
jthatch Gotta love the nose art. 
Winemakers hope for the marketing boost that federal "viticultural area" labeling can bring. 
The battle against ISIS moves the A-10 jet from the cutting board to the front lines. 
Protests at University of Missouri and Yale divide Democratic, GOP presidential candidates. 
janus303 Done. We think 68 percent qualifies as the majority. 
White evangelicals should have strong say in early GOP voting, says geoffreyvs, but influence might fade later on. 
cClatchy-maristpoll: Majority think Clinton acted unethically or illegally with email. 
Meet McClatchyDC's incoming bureau chief, Cheryl Carpenter. 
Chinas use of torture increasingly targets lawyers, amnesty International report says. 
IhleBill natsfert Sorry, I mean what did he say? I missed it. 
Voters have some choice words about the presidential campaign, but one word tops them all. 
Israeli officials slam new EU ruling that goods from settlements be labeled differently from those made in Israel. 
IhleBill natsfert What was it? 
The GOP divide on immigration grows, threatening White House prospects, says LightmanDavid. 
How voters feel about a presidential field that's arguably the most diverse in history. 
 recap: Top quotes, the main takeaway and a report card. 
 
 
1stAmendmentJ MiamiHerald RealBenCarson I tihnk he was referring to this incident last week: 
 
 
Fact check:  candidates don't always get it right -- again. 
 
 
We all have a different tax plan. . . . Each one of those tax plans is better than the mess we have right now." 
Growing the economy is the 1st job if were going to be serious about dealing with the deficit and debt. 
 
Follow rockybarker and  for more tonight on the Nov. 1 shooting of an Idaho rancher. 
There are more words in the IRS code than in the Bible, and not a one of them is as good.  
 
Let us try the one thing in health insurance weve never tried: the free market.  
 
I dont have a problem with being vetted. What I do have a problem with is being lied about.  
If you want less income inequality, move to a city with a Republican mayor or a state with a Republican governor. 
 
When you balance the budget, when you cut taxes, people get work. 
If you raise the minimum wage youre going to make people more expensive than a machine.  
 
 
The main-stage  is about to begin, and here are four things to watch for. 
"I've never been the favorite of the people who have the most money."  
"We have to start making things in America again."  
"We need to fire some of these VA bureaucrats. Somebody needs to go to jail over these scandals."  
Obamas latest immigration defeat sets up the next round of legal and political fighting. 
Work by McClatchy's marisaataylor cited in new report on lack of protection for national security  
Americans fear guns over terrorism by a large margin, a cClatchy-maristpoll finds. But there's a partisan split. 
Four things to watch for in tonight's  from LightmanDavid. 
Iraq military update: Three moves against the Islamic State are foundering. 
As some states battle President Obama over climate change, others try to address it. 
HerbCarmen Ah, OK. Enjoy! (Quietly backs away to newsroom lair.) 
HerbCarmen Indeed. Problem? 
Aung San Suu Kyi supporters are ready to start the party as election results begin arriving. 
Ukraines military -- now among Europe's largest -- rebounds despite budget and battle woes. 
SnafuWorld Having her as VP candidate would really make things interesting. 
Alaskanbushman Yes, I wonder if we'll get the chance to see that? 
Fiorina among worst GOP performers vs. Clinton for female voters in McClatchy-Marist poll. 
Is Carly Fiorina the GOP's best shot at female voters vs. Hillary Clinton? We'll have the surprising answer Monday. 
AndrewThiel We have been focusing our reporting on her finances and use of a private server. (2/2) 
AndrewThiel I would have to ask the politics editor, but that story strikes me as well-trod ground, not really new. (1/2) 
Myanmar's election Sunday is unlikely to resolve the country's Muslim Rohingya issue. 
AndrewThiel ericfraz After Carson and Politico both put out statements on it, we followed up with this story. 
Aung San Suu Kyis party is expected to win Myanmars elections, but could she take power? 
If California slaps cancer-warning labels on processed meat, expect a legal battle. 
CollegeHumor and the WhiteHouse team with actors to put comedic spin on a serious topic. 
lioncallie The U.S. government's record is not too great on that. 
West Point controversy is the latest in a series of questions that Ben Carson has faced. 
Here are your main takeaways from October's sizzling employment report, by KevinGHall. 
Obama will reject Keystone XL pipeline, sources say, bolstering his environmental legacy. 
Kobani is a tale of two disasters. The first played out on live TV, the second off camera. 
Angry activists, bickering candidates -- it wasn't supposed to be this way for Republicans. 
Pacific Northwest tribal leaders rally in D.C., calling for government to uphold treaties. 
Aung San Suu Kyis party is expected to win Myanmars elections, but could she take power? 
Bid for U.S. asylum by Venezuelan prosecutor Franklin Nieves triggers a dilemma. 
The EuropeanUnion is expected soon to bar labeling West Bank products as Made in Israel. 
Is the Clinton Foundation trying to distance itself from its health initiative? 
The seventh White House Tribal Nations Conference, hosted by "Barack Black Eagle Obama,' focuses on youth. 
In Facebook post, RealBenCarson tells why his lack of government experience isn't an issue. 
As ayatollah stresses "Death to America," the Iranian doctrine may be losing its following. 
VIDEO: "It'll be must-view TV," stevethomma says of Donald Trump hosting nbcsnl this week. 
Late ex-Rep. HowardCoble was known for his fedora, mosaic sport jacket and accessibility. 
Its a lousy year to be an underdog in the Republican presidential race. 
Obama plans to decide whether to approve the Keystone XL pipeline before he leaves office. 
moscow_ghost charliewinter Hi folks: FWIW our story does not say 70 vehicles were destroyed; and confirmation was from Bandar al Humaydi. 
Remembering Iraq War mastermind Ahmad Chalabi, "one of the greatest con men of modern 
Donald Trump slams his top presidential presidential rivals on GMA. 
I'm willing to bet that the honor -- or blame, however you see it -- goes to reporter MichaelDoyle10. 
StrangerThnRedz Saksentrots Is this it? 
It's nice to see MattSchodcnews' story among the undead. (Too bad Halloween was a few days ago.) 
Think Trey Gowdy had a bad day questioning Clinton? Think again. 
Though well-liked by both parties, Ryan isnt likely to have much of a honeymoon as speaker. 
Yale study accuses Myanmar of genocide against country's Muslim minority Rohingya. 
Experts are divided over how effective China's one-child rule was in stabilizing population. 
The text of SpeakerRyan's remarks to the House of Representatives today. 
Are the news media reporting the presidential campaign, or making and breaking the campaign? 
sunsentinello MiamiHerald JohnnyBetFans As fast as our fingers can fly. 
williamgdouglas facrt-checks tonight's  
It's a  free-for-all: Trump and Carson fade, others turn on each other. 
 
 
 
 
 
GovMikeHuckabee in that tie.  
 
 
We'll see. It did start around 15 minutes late. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Of all these folks talking, I'm the only one that has cut the size of government," BobbyJindal says.  
"Barack Obama is an incompetent commander in chief," says LindseyGrahamSC at  
"You can't just be an outsider. . . . someone who throws stones at Washington." says GovernorPataki.  
 
 
"Of all these folks talking, I'm the only one that has cut the size of government," BobbyJindal says.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our  liveblog is running now. Join us! The debates get underway in a few minutes. 
QueenPhillippa If he keeps rising in the polls and as voting gets closer I'm sure we'll write more focused stories about him. Stay tuned. 
"I think it sucks," Sen. LindseyGrahamSC says of being in the  undercard tonight. 
QueenPhillippa Hi, Phillipa! We did that story earlier this month (plus a video): 
Here's what to watch for in tonight's  from LightmanDavid. 
jthatch Good point. 
jthatch Yes, it should be interesting to watch, James. At the very least Carson should get more airtime. 
The two-year federal budget deal foreshadows uncertainty for future retirees over Medicare and Social Security. 
New allies in northern Syria dont seem to share U.S. goals. 
Are the U.S. and China headed for a showdown in the South China Sea? 
Meet Rep. TimHuelskamp, "one of the poster children for the tea party and Freedom Caucus. 
Wednesday's GOP debate is all about Ben Carson, says political editor stevethomma. WATCH: 
Will WHO's message on processed meat resonate with Americans whose diets are built on it? 
daytrend CBSNews nytimes Hi, Vic! We did read it first (of course), and we do consider it a major poll. 
New CBSNews/@nytimes survey is first major poll to show Carson overtaking Trump nationally. 
"Yeah, we can win," BernieSanders tells TheView. 
The lecturer said to the Smith College students: Youve all been to Europe, right? Wrong. 
As Russian bombs land in Syria, Ukraine fears it's actually one of Russia's primary targets. 
RepMcClintock was used to anchoring the Houses right wing, but then something changed. 
"Lessons learned": New features wont be unveiled yet when enrollment begins Nov. 1. 
Whew. Fierce Patricia fades to a tropical storm almost as fast as it had grown. 
A year out, it looks like Democrats could win Senate control from GOP, says LightmanDavid. 
After months of campaign turmoil, Hillary Clinton heads to Iowa on an upswing. 
As monster Hurricane  bears down on Mexico, tens of thousands flee the coast. 
"Americans werent supposed to fight" in Iraq raid that killed Master Sgt. Joshua Wheeler. 
A year out, it looks like Democrats could win Senate control from GOP, says LightmanDavid. 
Trey Gowdy was under huge pressure for the  hearing. So how did he do? 
Pakistan's MaryamNSharif joins MichelleObama in pushing to educate girls worldwide. 
Paul Ryan vaults closer to a run for speaker after winning support from two more GOP groups. 
FCC caps price of phone calls for prison inmates, which they say is up to $14/minute now. 
Hillary Clinton's survival guide for today's  hearing has three parts. 
Commando killed during Iraq raid was the first American to die in combat there since 2011. 
Federal officials rush to comply with Friday deadline to stop extended detention of migrant children and parents. 
Read opening  statements by HillaryClinton, TGowdySC, RepCummings: 
Hillary Clinton testifies today in front of the House committee investigating Benghazi. READ MORE AND WATCH HEARING: 
Would lengthening the trailers that trucks use to haul goods make America's highways more safe -- or more dangerous? 
Oft-critized HouseBenghazi committee will face its most intense scrutiny Thursday, when HillaryClinton testifies. 
The full text of Joe Biden's Rose Garden announcement. 
Palestinian students BirzeitUniv are no longer a vanguard in anti-Israel protests. 
Though he's not running, Biden vows he wont be a bystander to the presidential election. 
JoeBiden says he's not running for president. "The window has closed." VP 
George W. Bush isn't the only Republican who's dissing Ted Cruz. 
SarniamakChris Excellent questions. 
SarniamakChris True, especially in wartime. 
SarniamakChris Hi, Chris: The sources are all named in the story. 
While U.S. says it dropped ammo to Syrian Arabs for offensive against ISIS, its uncertain who exactly it reached. 
He's not the House speaker, but GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy is still a campaign-money magnet. 
Hes my soul mate, I love that man. Sanders doesn't draw supporters. He draws believers. 
I am not going away, JimWebbUSA says. I am thinking through all of my options. 
Nevada's tried to be a kingmaker in presidential races, with prodding from Sen. Harry Reid, but it's losing the bet. 
Ahmed Mohamed, the clock-making 14-year-old who was arrested, gets his trip to the White House, for astronomy night. 
An email to supporters was headlined Jim Webb to Consider Independent Run. 
Influential IowaGOPer assesses the presidential field with the caucus about 100 days away. 
JSODonoghue Thank you for the kind words, Julia. BTW We were a Pulitzer finalist for work done stateside. 
joelmmathis Thanks for the kind words, Joel. FWIW, that Iraq WMD reporting was done by writers and editors who were based stateside. 
JacobDirr Thanks, Jacob. None of our foreign-based staffers are losing jobs, by the way, just being called back to the U.S. 
FC_WitchParty Nope, no layoffs here. 
German Henriette Reker "was elected out of conviction, not out of sympathy after stabbing. 
85 elite Hillary Clinton fundraisers (or bundlers) each brought in $100K+ for her over 3mo. 
As 3rd female graduates from Army Ranger School today, debate over women in combat heats up 
Christians amp; other communities fight for survival in region ravaged by Islamic State 
Four Texans vying for House Speaker job, while still leaving space for Rep. Paul Ryan 
Young mother who attempted suicide in U.S. family detention center flees home country again 
stevethomma on HRC's debate performance: "She won this against a very weak field" (VIDEO) 
Bridge becomes go-to spot in Tehran  "[T]heres nowhere else to go," writes RoyGutmanMcC 
We fact-checked the Democratic WH hopefuls on gun control, crime stats, the NSA and more 
Democratic race for the White House remains Hillary Clintons to lose, says LightmanDavid 
Delilah399 I'm totally lost now, but I'm sorry that we made you angry. Have a good night. 
Delilah399 Saying we noticed that she made a ladies' room joke was snarky? Just can't see that, sorry. 
Delilah399 Commenting on the strength (or humor) of their performances does not indicate support for the candidates or their positions. 
Delilah399 I thought it was funny, myself. 
Yeah, noticed that 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Watching the  We'll be following along with live coverage here join us! 
We asked debate expert andrewmarkoff what it takes to win (or lose!) a debate  
Get caught-up on what's at stake for the candidates taking part in tonight's  
Trump, Clinton amp; Carson were the most talked about pres. candidates on Facebook last month 
Nearly half of America's 32M uninsured could be getting subsidized health care coverage 
Tonight at 8:30pm ET is the first of six Democratic debates here's anitakumar01 w/ 4 things to watch  
Despite renewed diplomacy, U.S. exports to Cuba are dropping CAdamsMcClatchy explains 
Psychologists behind CIA torture techniques sued for "cruel amp; degrading punishment" 
New RNC ad attacks Hillary Clinton's use of private email on eve of 1st Democratic debate 
House vote to end the U.S. oil export ban is a milestone, seancockerham explains why 
Here's what you need to know about three major deadlines looming over Congress 
Clinton has the stature, Sanders has the passion LightmanDavid on tomorrow's debate 
Has Trump peaked? Here are the tests he faces before voting starts. 
A primer on how Hillary Clinton's and Bernie Sanders' views differ, before they debate. 
While the production of fossil fuels drops in U.S., solar and wind power is skyrocketing. 
As she woos Hispanic voters, Hillary Clinton has moved left on immigration issues. 
Just a few years ago, ending the ban on exporting U.S. oil was politically unthinkable. 
Gaza stands beside the battle in Jerusalem, Hamas leader says. Gaza is fully ready. 
A primer on how Hillary Clinton's and Bernie Sanders' views differ, before they debate. 
As she woos Hispanic voters, Hillary Clinton has moved left on immigration issues. 
VIDEO: What's up with this McCarthy speaker thing? McClatchyDC correspondents explain. 
Tests showed a rail defect two months before a West Virginia oil train derailed, 
Hillary Clinton tapped a D.C. lawyer as a special government employee" to help respond to Benghazi inquiries. 
Pentagon makes change to its disastrous Syrian training program. 
Letter warning House members with "skeletons in their closet" clouds McCarthy's speaker withdrawal. 
Donald Trump: I''m never getting out of the campaign. 
GOP civil war rages as McCarthy falls, and there's little hope of healing anytime soon. 
Consumer group CSPI sues US_FDA, saying: Cut the salt. 
Hillary Clinton's plan to rein in Wall Street. 
Pregnant women living near fracking wells in Pa. are more likely to have preemies, JohnsHopkinsSPH study suggests. 
Me? I am one of the National Student Poets? I was amazed. Next: a visit to the White House. 
Police initially thought train-attack hero Spencer Stone would not survive the stabbing. 
DPrabhata So the timing is still being sorted out. Thank you for drawing it to our attention. 
DPrabhata Me again. Editor says: "There's a dispute. MSF originally said 90 minutes. 30 minutes would a long time for an AC130 attack too." 
CorinneAM Hi, Corinne. Please send me the link for the story you're talking about, in which we said that. Thank you! 
DPrabhata We don't take positions; we just report. Thanks for your question re timing (67 mins vs. 30). I'm asking editor to look into it. 
Ben Carson, Carly Fiorina surge in Calif., joining Donald Trump, in Field Poll. sacbee_news 
MT juliemmoos: rupertmurdoch apologizes for implying POTUS is not 'real black President' 
Presidents rarely apologize for unintended deaths from U.S. military operations. 
While the production of fossil fuels is dropping in the U.S., solar and wind power is skyrocketing. 
House Majority Leader kevinomccarthy is poised to become a leader on a short leash. 
Hillary Clinton says she opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal even though she pushed it as secretary of state. 
Israel faces a wave of terror in which civilians are on the front line, Netanyahu says. 
Summer surge in families and lone children apprehended on Southwest border raises fears of another migrant crisis. 
WATCH: Scenes from the South Carolina floods, where neighbors pitched in. mcclatchyvideo 
KenJoseph66 seanspicer The FBI requested the server in August. The request for the backup (which Datto handled) apparently came later. 
"Kevin screwed up," TGowdySC says on Morning_Joe about McCarthy's Benghazi-panel remarks. 
STORY: Russia fires cruise missiles at Syria from Caspian Sea, longest-range attack by its forces in modern history. 
DPrabhata Alas, yes. They're not without risks, either. 
STORY COMING: Russia fires cruise missiles at Syria targets from ships in Caspian Sea, longest-range attack by its forces in modern history. 
"Joe, run, a new ad by draftbiden urges the vice president. 
CHPSTCK Thanks for weighing in. I passed on your comments. 
Suspension of rail service might start in mid-December if deadline for safety mandate isn't extended, Amtrak says. 
Has Donald Trump peaked? Here are the tests he faces before the Iowa caucuses Feb. 1. 
josmart2000 Good questions, all. I passed them on. 
3princip Thank you for sending your thoughts. I'll pass them on. 
CarlosMonsoor Understood, thanks for weighing in. 
3princip Story makes that point. 
CarlosMonsoor Yes, the story does note such U.S. incidents. It doesn't say precision bombing is risk free, just safer than this. 
CHPSTCK Hello! The story's point is not that precision bombing carries no risks. Just fewer ones than this. 
Russia has made little use of "smart" bombs so far in Syria air campaign, increasing risks. 
ChrisBrandt8 Correct, as far as we know initially. 
It also prevents trains from passing stop signals. 
ChrisBrandt8 OnTheMetra And entering curves at too high a speed. 
Hillary Clinton hired a firm to back up her emails and some may remain on company's cloud," SenRonJohnson reveals. 
FBI should retool plans to buy radios because proposal still amounts to single-source award to Motorola, GAO says. 
Vermont route of derailed Amtrak train is exempt from safety mandate to install "positive train control." 
SpeakerBoehner postpones House GOP elections for majority leader and whip until the House chooses his successor. 
Obama administration says it will crack down further on illegal fishing, which is a big chunk of the global catch. 
As the Supreme Court begins begins another term, here are four quick lessons from its famed first Monday in October. 
For winners in the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, look West.  
Dessau, Germany, is notable for its hospitality toward refugees. But its not simply kindness: Dessau has a need. 
HouseCracka Rebels referred to are not ISIS but activists inspired by Arab spring who want to overturn Assad. (2) 
HouseCracka Our debut of a new website in July resulted in some broken links, so sorry. Here's the right one: (1) 
The House speaker job is steeped in tradition, rich in history and chock full of numbers. Here are a few of them. 
Getting the facts wrong or offending segments of the electorate is now a surefire way to get a bump in the polls. 
It's almost the first Monday in October! What to expect in the Supreme Court's new term. 
New law museum from legendary consumer advocate RalphNader will help visitors sort out torts from tortes. 
Taxes go up, taxes go down, but some spending in the federal budget appears to be untouchable. Here are 4 examples. 
Things that happened at  this week that werent about Syria, like Netanyahu's "glare." 
Taxes go up, taxes go down, but some spending in the federal budget appears to be untouchable. Here are 4 examples. 
Getting the facts wrong or offending segments of the electorate is now a surefire way to get a bump in the polls. 
The House speaker job is steeped in tradition, rich in history and chock full of numbers. Here are a few of them. 
New law museum from legendary consumer advocate RalphNader will help visitors sort out torts from tortes. 
DPrabhata Ah hah, gotcha. 
DPrabhata Hi! Meaning his so-called glare WAS about Syria? 
Things that happened at  this week that werent about Syria, like Netanyahu's "glare." 
Donald Trump cancels appearance in Washington with U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. USHCC 
jdruva41 BobG231 And just soooooooo many candidates this time. 
CorinneAM Wouldn't be the first time that happened, alas. 
It's almost the first Monday in October! What to expect in the Supreme Court's new term. 
CorinneAM I can speak only to our reporting, sorry! 
Here are three takeaways from Septembers dismal jobs report, from KevinGHall. 
CorinneAM He appeared before House Benghazi panel 9/10 and invoked his 5th Amendment rights. Sorry it took me awhile to get back to you! 
CorinneAM Platte River told us that Clinton didn't want a backup server. 
CorinneAM After receiving a letter from Hillary Clinton's lawyer, who did not use the word "wiped." 
arneduncan, Obama administration stalwart, will leave his post as education secretary. 
Russian news media describe their country's role in Syria as the lone warrior willing to stand up against evil. 
Sen. Rand Paul's sputtering presidential campaign gets another blow, this one financial. 
Three health and safety-net programs for the poor and elderly accounted for $95 billion in improper payments last year, the GAO finds. 
The U.S. government is struggling to keep pace with a battlefield in Syria and Iraq thats changing at warp speed. 
Whoa, Nelly! September hiring data suggests an economic slowdown. "The job market has hit a speed bump." 
With new numbers out, Bernie Sanders and Ben Carson appear to be gaining the most from the fall fundraising derby. 
WeeLaura mattizcoop McClatchyCo JonathanLanday Thanks for the love! Industry just has to figure out the new pay model. 
For Russia, the fight in Syria also is a struggle with its own domestic enemies among the civil war's troops. 
Obama administration updates smog standard, tightening the amount of ozone allowed, and angers both right and left. 
The House Benghazi committee is not about hurting Hillary Clintons campaign, SpeakerBoehner says. 
CORRECTION: Bernie Sanders' campaign hits 1 million DONATIONS (not donors). Please RT if you RT'd previously. 
China slams a lid on news of growing violence in Xinjiang, on its western frontier. 
For the first time since WWII, U.S. and Russian bombers are bombing the same country. But are they on the same side? 
Looming shutdown of U.S. rail service could have bigger economic impact than 2013 government shutdown, report says. 
Bernie Sanders hits 1 million donors. (Obama did it, too, in 2008, but not this soon.) 
Stopgap budget deal is OKd, but Its going to be a very messy December, not a very merry Christmas, watchdog says. 
Winnowingfan lesleyclark That's a good one, yes. 
We cut through the chatter over Hillary Clinton's private email server to list 7 questions that remain unanswered. 
fredwalton216 He is an excellent reporter, yes. 
fredwalton216 Yes, FRED, sorry! Going too fast. (Bad habit.) I appreciated your tone, as well. And thank you for reading McClatchyDC. 
fredwalton216 But that's not the important part. The important part is you reached out, and that alerted me to look closely at the update. 
fredwalton216 They'd already changed and reposted the story before you and I talked, so I can't honestly say where the impetus came from. 
fredwalton216 You're quite welcome, Frank! Thank YOU for contacting us. Please do so anytime. 
UPDATE: Defense Secretary Ash Carter says there was probably no Islamic State in Syria areas that Russia struck. 
fredwalton216 I'll retweet it to reflect those changes they've made. 
fredwalton216 I see, Fred, thank you. I noticed a few minutes ago we've rewritten head, top to add qualifiers, so editor and writer agree. 
fredwalton216 Story: "Ash Carter said the strikes did not appear to have hit Islamic State targets as Russian officials claimed." Not true? 
rick_carp ? 
U.S. says Russian airstrikes in Syria targeted U.S.-backed rebels, not Islamic State as Russian officials claimed. 
Conservatives still face a long, maybe impassable, road to big legislative victories in Washington. 
Galrahn Right, our story says that's one place they were targeting. 
twistytheclowny sgmb7781 edhenry U.S. has been conducting airstrikes in Syria for more than a year. 
nazarsakhatov U.S. airstrikes have targeted ISIS in Syria and Iraq for some time now. 
DiamicDavis edhenry Sorry, how's that? 
weneedtemplars ? The U.S. has been bombing Syria for more than a year already 
jejordan67 DLoesch Our story notes that State Dept. implied that it will not do so. 
U.S. was told about an hour in advance that Russian warplanes would strike targets in Syria. 
robertcaruso Interesting, Robert! Why is that? ISIS is full of Chechens. So Russia does not really want to support Assad? 
Russia bombs targets in Syria, entering the civil war to support its ally in Damascus, say Russian, U.S., Iraqi officials. Story to come. 
TransCanada is abandoning efforts to seize land from Nebraska property owners for  via eminent domain. 
Planned Parenthood head CecileRichards in the hot seat before House GOPoversight committee. 
Six Iowa GOP activists endorse Chris Christie, a big boost for his presidential campaign. 
White House and congressional leaders expect to start discussing a longer-term budget deal soon, SenateMajLdr says. 
We have largely failed to stop Americans from traveling overseas to join jihadists. - homeland security task force. 
As President Obama and Raul Castro meet, Cuba says the embargo threatens full relations. 
CORRECTING TWEET: Conservatives are pushing Trey Gowdy for House majority leader. TGowdySC 
DamnedLiberal TGowdySC Thank you, I just noticed my mistake and sent a correction tweet! 
Sorry, this tweet was WRONG. Conservatives are touting Trey Gowdy for House majority leader. (The story is correct.) 
Conservatives are pushing Rep. Trey Gowdy for House speaker. TGowdySC 
Might Hillary Clinton benefit from 'double standard' for those who mishandle classified data? 
Yes, it's a bit raw. 
With John Boehner leaving, is Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the right's next target? 
Presidents Obama and Putin talk of easing tensions in Syria, but they're at odds on how. 
House leadership honeymoon might be brief for a Speaker Kevin McCarthy. 
Cuban President Raul Castro lashes out at superpowers in his first U.N. address.  
The text of Russian President Vladimir Putin's speech to the U.N. today.  
Advocates slam report giving federal program that helps control predatory wildlife a generally clean bill of health. 
Donald Trump's tax plan is long on ideas but short on details, says KevinGHall. 
The text of President Obamas speech today before the U.N. General Assembly.  
Obamas address to U.N. General Assembly augurs badly for his meeting later with Russia's Vladimir Putin.  
Check out these GORGEOUS photos from last night's lunar eclipse, via kansasdotcom. 
Shell abandons its Arctic Ocean oil-drilling efforts amid costs and controversy. 
A year after being teargassed, Hong Kongs divided democracy activists havent given up . 
Ride along as Syrians embark on the first leg of an odyssey they hope will end in Europe. 
State Department says it recently obtained a series of emails that Hillary Clinton had not turned over. 
btheboss anitakumar01 Good point. 
Even as President Obama and Xi Jinping announced their hacking agreement, Obama threatened sanctions.  
Some say RepMarkMeadows set the stage for John Boehners departure as House speaker. 
btheboss anitakumar01 Right, they'd deferred to the pope's preference for not too much fuss. 
More bad business news for Germany: Berlins long-overdue new airport might collapse. 
A timeline of key moments in John Boehners career. 
Disputed account of fatal shooting raises fresh questions about the conduct of Israeli soldiers in the West Bank. 
Before tonight's with Xi Jinping, here's a history of White House state dinners. 
China endorses cap-and-trade emissions trading program that U.S. Congress had rejected, citing China's inaction. 
While tea party groups have long urged TGowdySC to challenge John Boehner for speaker, he says he's not interested. 
House Majority Leader kevinomccarthy could step in as House Speaker John Boehner falls. 
The text of Pontifex's address to the UN this morning.   
House Speaker John Boehner, who'll resign next month, has been under constant criticism from conservatives. 
Pontifex begins his big U.N. day asking for workers' blessings.   
Pontifex begins his big U.N. day asking for workers blessings.   
jshormanCJ Thanks for saving me the trouble. ;-) 
Follow anitakumar01 for coverage of  today. 
"I ask you to wish me well," Pontifex tells U.N. staff, some of whom had greeted him with shouts of "Papa, Papa!"  
The most remarkable thing about Wahid Alim's long journey from Afghanistan to Munich is it isn't remarkable at all. 
White House state dinner for  will have red carpet, pink roses and Maine lobster. 
PHOTO GALLERY: Pope Francis' visit to Capitol Hill today.  
Senate blocks effort to defund Planned Parenthood -- and showdown over shutdown begins. 
Don't expect major breakthroughs in talks between Obama and Vladimir Putin, White House says. 
Unlike his fellow GOP senators running for president, Rand Paul missed the pope's address. 
There's good news and bad news for candidate John Kasich: The GOP establishment likes him. 
That would be good news. Lunar eclipses are beautiful. 
VIDEO: If you miss it on Sunday night, there won't be another one till 2033! NASA 
Pontifex praises U.S. monk Thomas Merton as a source of spiritual inspiration.  
Pontifex cites Dorothy Day, a hero to the Roman Catholic left.  
Pope calls for "renewal of spirit of cooperation" before divided Congress.  
From Pontifex's address to Congress.  
Text of Pope Francis' address to Congress: "Yours is a work which makes me reflect..on..Moses" 
WATCH live stream: Pope Francis addresses joint meeting of Congress momentarily.  
Pontifex will make history this morning as first Vatican leader to address a joint meeting of Congress.  
For  today, follow our VeraMBergen, maria_e_recio, williamgdouglas, seancockerham. 
Congress members sometimes get handsy with dignitaries, but they're told to keep their paws off the pope.  
PHOTO GALLERY: Thousands came out to see the  today. Photos by Cheryl Diaz Meyer. 
Our story on the controversial missionary whom Pontifex canonized today.  
Syrian Kurdish offensive described as the most effective to date on the Islamic State has ground to a virtual halt. 
Pentagon denies reports that new group of Syrians trained by U.S. to fight ISIS have defected to an al Qaida group. 
STORY: Pontifex both embraces and challenges America on his first visit to U.S.  
Jilted Yosemite National Park concessions suitor, Delaware North, goes to court. 
Ready for 2016? Heres where and when the Republican and Democratic presidential nominees will debate. 
Donald Trump says hes boycotting Fox News. 
nasirbell5 So true. And he's almost 79. 
nasirbell5 The president or the pope? 
ICYMI: Here's the text of Obama's welcoming remarks to Pontifex and Pope Francis' reply. 
With Xi Jinping here for a visit, U.S. weighs how to punish China for cyberattacks without provoking retaliation. 
STORY: Thousands gathered to greet Pontifex as he arrived at the White House.  
ICYMI: The text of President Obama's welcoming speech this morning to Pontifex.  
WATCH the live feed today of  
For live coverage of  today, follow anitakumar01, VeraMBergen, FrancoOrdonez, natsfert, victoriahart2, McClatchyDC. 
RobertBoyda In other words, not to decide is to decide? 
3rd time was the charm: U.S. airstrike finally hit French agent who'd defected to al Qaida.. 
Forget the limo! Pontifex's ride after his flight to D.C. is a little Fiat 500L.  
Jeb Bush touts endorsements of ex-ambassadors to Vatican as Pontifex visits U.S.  
State Department is urged to press the FDA to curb mercury in dental fillings. 
Poppsikle Hi, please refresh my memory. I think you suggested we pursue a story, and I forwarded your suggestion to our editors. 
"Telemedicine" holds the promise of cheaper, wider health care in the digital age. 
Pontifex shakes hands all around as he arrives for his first U.S. visit.  
Pontifex will become  in just a few minutes. Watch it happen (live feed in story): 
gashwin VeraMBergen spaniolo1001 Otherwise he'd get there before the president! 
Just call her "Steely" Fiorina -- everyone else seems to be. And why is that? 
In canonizing Junipero Serra, Pontifex will put a halo on a controversial figure.  
SenTedCruz was in the hot seat last night on colbertlateshow over Reagan, gay marriage. 
No endangered-species protection for sage grouse, a listing that would have restricted development in the West. 
Ben Carson's comments about a Muslim as American president set off a storm. 
Syrian rebels say theyve helped hundreds of foreign fighters defect from the Islamic State. 
Chrys_Naples_FL Fascinating. 
Scott Walker, who once led the GOP presidential field in Iowa, is expected to leave the race. 
Marco Rubio did well at both GOP debates, but his support among voters has been erratic. 
realDonaldTrump takes questions on Twitter, some pretty serious, some not at all.  
fredwalton216 FrancoOrdonez Here's a link to get you started, to our immigration topic page: 
VIDEO: These babies are big! Tag along on a Mississippi gator hunt. (Note: Explicit content.) 
fredwalton216 Agreed. Our FrancoOrdonez has done great work on the topic in the last few years. 
fredwalton216 Smaller. 
fredwalton216 Good point, Fred. Much much small, though. 
Did you know Pontifex was once a bouncer? Plus 9 other things you didn't know about him. 
Cash running out for migrant aid as Europe crisis grows, says UN Refugees. Millions needed. 
Justice Department appeals ruling that Obama administration must release detained migrant families. 
Rand Paul official John Yob says an aide to Marco Rubio punched him: "I have it on video." 
JerryVanWard2 Hi, Jerry. Our story does include that statement by his campaign. 
granmary7235 Interesting theory. 
BobG231 Sounds like he will be there next week. 
nachosean9 BobG231 Our story does note that statement from his campaign. 
Donald Trump cancels his S.C. visit after the flap over his Obama-is-a-Muslim questioner. 
Nobody puts Pontifex in a political corner, U.S. interest groups may well find. 
Seven years after the application for the Keystone XL pipeline was submitted, there's still no decision from Obama. 
Newly liberalized rules on trade with Cuba would allow for more U.S. business activity. 
BDOH No argument there! Happy Friday. 
BobG231 I heard there was a rumor that she didn't on Wednesday night. Did you hear that? But this photo is from the debate. 
JacobDirr jackshafer sonia_smith Thank you! We'd like to know, too. Here's our latest: 
Can Carly Fiorina become the Republican establishments candidate? 
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights joins the call to release immigrant women and children from detention centers. 
Flu season is on its way, and health officials expect to do better at fighting it this year. 
RedScareBot BDOH Hello! Why not read it and find out why we describe him that way? 
mywoodthorpe Hi! Why not read it and find out why we described him that way? 
Syrian refugees are arriving in Munich along with Oktoberfest visitors. How will teetotalers and heavy imbibers mix? 
Powerful Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit DC as vulnerabilities are coming to light. 
federalreserve cites inflation and global economy in standing firm on interest rates. 
Three men who foiled Europe train attack represent the "very best of America," Obama says. 
WATCH: Whether you slept through  and wonder what you missed, or can't get enough of it, this is for you. 
Highlights from mcclatchyvideo 
Let's stop talking about womens looks, CarlyFiorina urges. 
 fact check by williamgdouglas: Iran nuclear deal and immigration among issues where candidates erred. 
 
Carly Fiorina emerges as a formidable challenger to Donald Trump. says LightmanDavid. 
Donald Trump is often a bystander as foreign policy dominates  
 
 
nickjungman VeraMBergen Yes, she seems to be listening carefully and circling back on comments. 
 
ASFried Exactly. 
The exchange everyone was waiting for.  
 
 
ZING! 
In advance of Pontifex visit, Catholic leaders tout significance of climate-change agenda. 
Senators of both parties call the U.S. effort to train Syrians to fight the Islamic State "a joke." 
At the White House, MichelleObama champions local successes of her Lets Move campaign. 
 
Thank you, Jacob. 
Will federalreserve decide tomorrow to raise interest rates? Three things to watch for. 
This container is actually public art, for a "Star Trek" experience with a millennial edge. 
For coverage of  follow our list of political reporters, editors, columnists and opinion writers: 
Our live blog is cranking up now for tonight's  Stop by early and often. 
President Obama chastises Donald Trump and other Republicans: America is great right now. 
Obama invites Texas youth who's inspired  protests to the White House. 
Health coverage expanded in 2014, according to an annual Census Bureau survey, while poverty and wages stagnated. 
Joe Biden rips Donald Trump for a "sick message" on immigration. 
The risks of Russian military action in Syria are high for Vladimir Putin, experts say -- but so are the rewards. 
Juan Felipe Herrera marks his first official reading as U.S. poet laureate. cilantroman 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter will hang the Purple Heart on Airman 1st Class Spencer Stone. 
Sen. JohnCornyn's call for special counsel ups the ante in the Hillary Clinton email inquiry. Read more here: 
Hillary Clinton-allied group ties Bernie Sanders to leftist Hugo Chavez, and Sanders' objection causes a kerfuffle. 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel went from vilified to nearly worshiped over a few short weeks. 
The next  coming up Wednesday night, and LightmanDavid ticks off four things you should watch for. 
OptimisticReb11 Marwan_Tunisi_ I'm looking into this, thank you. 
U.S. training helped mold ISIS' top military commander, Chechen Abu Omar al Shishani. 
Judge Richard J. Leon blasts bureaucrats, reinstates benefits for Glenn Minney, Navy veteran badly wounded in Iraq. 
Why has Scott Walker gone from Iowa GOP front-runner to being lost in the presidential pack? 
Many U.S. voting machines are perilously close to the end of their useful life, BrennanCenter study finds. 
Oscar winner TomHanks signs up to boost fundraising for the stalled Eisenhower Memorial. 
HammarOlivia Nice comeback. 
sleavenworth checks in with Taiwan as the island's January presidential elections near. 
What candidates need to do to stand out against realDonaldTrump at Wednesday's  
SenSanders tries for common ground at LibertyU, where SenTedCruz announced his campaign. 
Once cleared for takeoff, Sacramento airport tower project is on hold. 
There are rumblings on the Hill. Could SpeakerBoehner weather another House GOP revolt? 
American farmers are eager to get their products on Cubans' plates. 
Is U.S. pledge to take in 10,000 Syrian refugees too few to make a difference? 
With school nutrition standards up for renewal this month, some districts hunger for change. 
Train service stops if deadline for collision-avoidance system isn't extended, railroads say. 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter marks 9-11 with victims' families at the Pentagon.  
Hillary Clinton had the right to delete personal emails, Justice Department says. 
With U.S. Congress sidelined on the six-nation nuclear deal, the next moves belong to Iran. 
Editorial cartoon for today by JACKOHMAN of sacbee_news  
Israeli leader Benjamin netanyahu is to meet with President Obama in DC in November. 
Does all that hand-shaking in Iowa and New Hampshire pay off for the candidates? nationaljournal takes a look. 
StephenAtHome Colbert tells JoeBiden: It will "be emotional for a lot of people if you dont run." 
CarlyFiorina will join 10 others for the main GOP debate next Wednesday. 
Obama's legacy on Iran is effectively assured as the Senate fails to block the six-nation nuclear deal. 
President Obama bestows honors on stephenKing, Sally Field, alicewaters, Larry McMurtry and many more. 
With violence rising, Turkeys Kurdish politicians warn of civil war. 
Hedge funds: They're shaping up to be one of THE bipartisan targets of the 2016 presidential campaign. 
I know, right?! 
Perhat Khaliq, who electrifies Uighur folk music, is on the verge of international stardom. 
Remember your passport! A Southwest trip to TheBorderplex offers a trio of vacation spots. 
Settling Clean Air Act lawsuit with EPA will cost DukeEnergy more than $5 million. 
BobbyJindal calls rival Donald Trump "an egomaniacal madman who has no principles." 
Hear LightmanDavid talk about Congress and the possibility of another government shutdown. 
Buoyed by polls, SenSanders says his campaign will expand beyond early-voting states. 
Top Democrat DWStweets brushes aside dissent: "Six debates. Period." 
Judge gives green light to House GOPs challenge to Obamacare. 
North Dakota's oil boom a loser for state's cities and counties, DukeUEnergy research finds. 
How Hillary Clinton evolved from "I went above and beyond" to "I'm sorry" over her email. 
Welcome, Tim! 
With Zero Dark Thirty back in the news, check out our earlier story on leak investigation: 
Aide to Hillary Clinton who set up her email server is pressed to consider immunity so he can testify to Congress. 
The battle over the Iran nuclear deal is over, but the fight is just beginning. 
In D.C., Gov. PatMcCroryNC discusses federal challenges to North Carolina. 
Kim Davis and presidential politics are probably not a good mix, says LightmanDavid. 
JoeBiden's entry into campaign would hurt HillaryClinton and SenSanders almost equally. 
realDonaldTrump and SenTedCruz will headline a D.C. rally opposing the Iran nuclear deal. 
Welcome, ali_montag! We're so glad you're here. 
Summer vacation is over for Congress, too. Here are some key budget deadlines it must deal with in the coming months. 
CorinneAM Duly noted, thanks. 
The Greek coast guard pointed their weapons at us and told us to dump our gas in the sea, Syrian refugee says. 
CorinneAM 10-4. Thanks for reading it and for sending the feedback. 
Financial crisis in Iraq makes it harder to fight ISIS, Iraqi Ambassador FailyLukman warns. 
CorinneAM Hi, Corinne: I agree the headline is a little over the top, but it's explained in the story. 
Voters want empathy, consistency and trust, and so far they don't see it in HIllary Clinton. 
Murder conviction of Marine Master Sgt. Nathaniel L. Cosby upheld in killing of Ivy Harris. 
Momentum is growing to lift the 40-year ban on exporting U.S. oil to foreign nations. 
Three important takeaways from today's BLS_gov jobs report and what it signals ahead for the U.S. economy. 
U.S. offers evacuation for families of American military and diplomatic workers in Turkey. 
Hillary Clintons email troubles might worsen now that ex-aide has invoked Fifth Amendment. 
Benjamin Netanyahu suggests he'll turn to U.S. public to press his case against Iran deal. 
kraft_mike Sure, sorry to lead you in the wrong direction. I think that pic was from the GOP debate last month. 
kraft_mike That's not a pic from today, Mike, I should point out. I wanted to get that out fast and grabbed an earlier one. 
Germany makes it official: Syrians and Iraqis fleeing their war-torn countries are welcome. 
In wake of Hillary Clinton uproar, State Department conducts a tepid review of other ex-secretaries email practices. 
realDonaldTrump: "So I will be totally pledging my allegiance to the Republican Party." 
Follow BGPolitics for live reports from Kentucky courthouse where Kim Davis is to explain her continued refusal to issue marriage licenses. 
Obama administration requests consolidation of dozens of FOIA lawsuits over State Dept. emails into one court. 
China  parade message "is Xi saying to Chinese: I have helped to make us strong again." 
Is Gov nikkihaley selling the New South or auditioning for a vice-presidential campaign 
Railroad tank cars with defective valves can transport crude oil and other hazardous materials through December. 
YvonneCa2 Point taken. 
HammarOlivia MiamiHerald So sorry, Olivia. I hope that ended OK. 
An interesting tale. 
JohnKerry speech defending  turned out not to even be necessary to save the pact. 
kalethista24 Lo siento, Ruben, no habla espagnol. (Poquito!) Que pasa? 
We answer some questions about the conflict over California's Trinity River. Aaaaand video! 
jlpasley Point taken. But interesting nonetheless. 
Does BernieSanders compare to 2007-vintage BarackObama? 
CNN alters GOP debate criteria in a way that might put CarlyFiorina in the top tier. 
Emails show how aides crafted Hillary Clintons public image and how little was unscripted. 
realDonaldTrump meets with the head of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. 
Another mountain to climb? Advocates in the long battle to rename Mount Rainier are energized. 
Planned Parenthood defunding a no-go this year, SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell says. 
Iowa Republicans are clearly turning away from establishment candidates, state analyst 
VIDEO: Protesters confront county clerk Kim Davis as she still refuses to issue marriage licenses. By heraldleader 
There are positives Germans can take from the refugee crisis, Angela Merkel says. 
State Dept. will release another batch of Hillary Clintons emails tonight, the largest yet. 
Chinas upcoming World War II anniversary parade of military might riles up its neighbors. 
Florida VA office cited in inspector general's report for errors handling disability claims 
75 former lawmakers press Congress to back Iran nuclear deal. 
Drone use soars in Latin America, fueling worries they could be used for criminal ends. 
Just about anybody, or anything, can run for president -- and is. Such as Ronald Reagans Ghost" and Capt. Crunch. 
RightDame thestate Of course. But I hope you don't. We can't please all the people all time, alas. Have a good week! 
RightDame thestate I hear you, but he IS the GOP front-runner, so we can't promise to back off. But this story is more about her than him. 
RightDame thestate Sorry to disappoint you, Nancy! We're in favor of a little fun from time to time. 
AVD911 Sorry about that! No fun allowed? 
We have done that, too, Leo, but all spinach all the time would make us very dull people, no? 
Who was the woman who tested Trump's hair? Here's her first-person account, via thestate . 
Turkish warplanes strike seven Islamic State targets in Syria, Turkey's first contribution to the U.S.-led coalition. 
Donald Trump isn't among the Republicans most feared by Democratic National Committee members. 
Concerns remain about the newly fortified levees and floodwalls in New Orleans.  
Clintons may not have fully honored 2009 State Dept. ethics pledge, Sen. ChuckGrassley says. 
Hillary Clinton woos the Democratic faithful at national committee's summer meeting. 
Last week's foiled train attack adds to Europe's concerns about refugees. 
Iran foresees a big boost for its role in the Middle East, but it may be in for a disappointment. 
U.S. lags behind Russia and other nations in staking claims on the Arctic. 
New Orleans is now an ascendant city, though it's come back unevenly.  
VIDEO: Hurricanes - even Katrina - are a way of life for this schooner captain.  
jcsthe3rd jimasher John: you can email Jim at Ashermcclatchydc.com. 
FEMA let public-safety agencies buy two-way radios without ensuring they'd interact with other brands, audit finds. 
Concerns about Hillary Clinton's candidacy are growing within the Democratic Party. 
That buzzing in your pocket may be a politician wanting your vote. 
Chinese WWII hero Long Qiming paid a harsh price for his decision to remain on the mainland. 
Crisis? What crisis? The U.S. is economy steaming along. 
Chen Guifang was only 7 when WWII shrapnel killed her parents and wounded her in Chongqing. 
Call it political correctness -- or call it sensitivity -- here's your guide to this summer's debates over language. 
VIDEO: Hurricane Katrina was 1st time NY Task Force 1 was deployed since 9/11.  
Army appeals court reverses rape conviction, citing appearance of unlawful command influence. 
This week's stock meltdowns expose how the markets cling to myths about China. 
Trump supporters arent shaken by almost anything they hear from him or about him. Here's why. 
worddancedc USC suannelqr Thank you for the RT! All credit for the story goes to McClatchy's thestate. 
About 1,400 mothers, fathers, children locked up awaiting asylum hearings might soon be freed. 
Sen. ChuckGrassley accuses Hillary Clinton of passing state secrets to her lawyer. 
nnmrht No, the issue was there to be denied as soon we contacted the Turkish Foreign Ministry for comment before we published. 
nnmrht Point taken, thanks for weighing in. People also deny things, evidence or not. (And before the story ran Turkey would not deny it.) 
gmsba5 KCStar I have no idea, sorry! 
Turkey denies rebels' allegations that it had tipped off the al Qaida-linked abductors of U.S.-trained fighters. 
jcsthe3rd natsfert anitakumar01 jimasher He knows a lot more about the ins and outs of this issue than I do. So please stand by. (2/2) 
jcsthe3rd natsfert anitakumar01 John: I've asked the editor of our email stories, Bureau Chief jimasher, to reply to your queries. (1/2) 
VIDEO: Katrina killed this oak tree, but not before it saved Nikki Moon's life.  
A Navy enlisted man whose rape conviction was reversed six weeks ago remains imprisoned. 
Why it would be hard for Joe Biden to challenge Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination. 
Theres good news and bad in the Budget and Economic Outlook report out today from USCBO. 
VIDEO: She saw Katrina break down racial barriers in her community  at first.  
Long before he confronted a gunman on a French train, Spencer Stones mates had nicknamed him after a superhero. 
faysalitani mitchprothero: "I was wary of this story but many ... in position to know told me same thing. And Turkey refuses to deny it." 
Rebels: Turkey orchestrated kidnappings of U.S.-trained Syrians as they entered Syria to confront the Islamic State. 
Americans' question today amid a wild roller-coaster ride on the stock market: "Am I safe?" 
jcsthe3rd Good thought, John, I will pass it on. 
Whtapl Hmmm, I doubt it, David. 
HammarOlivia I'll pass that on, Olivia, thank you. 
bensmp Oh, I see now that you did get an answer last week. Great! 
bensmp Ben, sorry for the very slow response. (I was off last week.) I am looking into this for you but I think the answer is no. Stand by. 
VIDEO: 3 Americans receive French Legion of Honor medals for helping to stop the train attack. 
VIDEO: As workers rebuilt the Gulf Coast, Mercedes Carranza rebuilt a community  
The Trump shuffle: Here are some of the areas where he's changed his tune from left to right. 
Hours after Katrina left the Gulf Coast, Lisa Robertson went into labor  
MT jforsythe23: First female  Rangers discuss making history  Fort Benning: 
After hack, State Dept. did nothing to protect Clinton emails If your house is burgled...put alarms on the windows." 
Closure from Hurricane Katrina did not come quickly for this Gulf Coast coroner  
MT KevinSiers: Hillary talks to reporters about her server Cartoons: 
70 of California is now in a state of exceptional or extreme drought, but there's also a leadership drought 
The difference between  and the male version: McClatchyCo video team explains 
Elizabeth Duvall begged her son to leave Biloxi before Katrina, he wouldn't go  
MT TheFix: At this time in the 2004 cycle, Joe Lieberman was the Democratic frontrunner. So.. 
Morning from McClatchy: Cheaters exposed; Mile 420; Today's maps (commutes, cars amp; emoji) + 
MT dakasler: California  impact pegged at $2.7 billion by UC Davis researchers 
Is the tooth fairy getting stingy? Going rate for teeth drops in the U.S. from $3.70 to $3.19 
MT miamiherald: Marco Rubio goes viral w/video of him tossing football, hitting kid on head 
After surviving the storm, Waveland police chief David Allen had one mission  
MT MeghanjSims: What really happened to the Katrina dolphins? sunherald photojeskos 
How did Hillary Clinton keep her emails secure on a private server? Investigators ask her lawyer to explain 
From sunherald: Gulf Coast woman describes looking for her mother after Katrina  
RT modbee: Trump reports for New York jury duty, takes campaign break 
jcsthe3rd natsfert Thanks. The NYPost article? Our own reporting indicates otherwise so far. If we learn otherwise we will report it! 
aantru SBengali If only we had thought to include that, Thomas! ;-) 
FuryBlazing True. No one credible to step in and rule. 
Jeb Bush, son and brother of presidents, cant escape family. Sometimes he doesnt even try. 
Its summer in Germany, so nakedness abounds. Germans swim, garden and even dine out nude. 
Influential people worldwide wrote to Hillary Clinton on her personal email address. 
President BarackObama's summer vacation reading list. 
U.S.'s Assad's days are numbered prediction has been around so long its survived 2 secretaries of state. ( of 4) 
The U.S. was warned early on that extremists were gaining prominence within the Syrian rebellion. ( of 4) 
A hastily planned U.S. visit to Syrian protests in 2011 had long-term consequences. ( of 4) 
Assad must go endures as the Obama administration's official line on Syria, but never has it sounded so hollow. 
kds1975 IndieOwnership ChicagoBears Sounds great! We could kick in $100! 
Baby2u2 Morning_Joe We couldn't agree more. Sorry you didn't like this one, but we have plenty more on other topics. 
dauphin__ theobserver Good idea. nytimes did it yesterday: 
HAMDIRIFAI HannahAllam You don't find that it accurately reflects the story, Hamdi? 
Poppsikle TimothyS Washington bureau, not company itself, has no relation. I forwarded to editors your suggestion that we report on Topix. 
jcsthe3rd natsfert anitakumar01 Hi, John: Where did we have it wrong? Please send link(s). 
A U.S.-funded power plant in Afghanistan is at risk of "catastrophic failure," watchdog says. 
Jeb Bush gave a distorted version of U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq and an incorrect account of the origins of ISIS. 
KevinGHall probes China's currency devaluation and what it might mean for the U.S. 
President Obama is playing the roles of both climate change warrior and driller-in-chief. 
TimothyS Poppsikle Hello! McClatchyDC has no relationship with Topix. But please do share your thoughts, good or bad, on our own work. Tx. 
VIDEO: NASA says you should watch for shooting stars (meteors) tonight. 
FTC charges a data broker operation with selling consumers financial information to scammers. 
Chinas weakening of its currency draws a mixed international reaction. 
vpi75wood Elect_Blake BreitbartNews They belong to the government (the people). 
warcrimesbush LyndaPole Morning_Joe BarackObama indicated early in 2009 that investigations of the Bush administration were unlikely. 
brdpj anitakumar01 Hi, Bob. You can find out more about us here and here 
DundalkMurtagh It's an investigation by the State Department's inspector general, in this case. 
How realDonaldTrump could maintain his lead when it counts -- and why that's a tough task. 
Robin Thomas is an HIV bounty hunter. She hears of people who've fallen off their treatment, then hunts them down. 
Investigation into HillaryClintons email use expands to her top aides. 
Journalist Austin_Tice marks another year of captivity in Syria.  
nancypantsgirl A very good question. 
TeresaWasson Thank you for the RT! Story is by McClatchyCo's Charlotte Observer TheObserver. 
JoeLieberman will lead the charge against the Iran nuclear deal for a group that opposes it. 
Regulations on for-profit colleges were finally enacted this summer. But the fights not over. 
How HillaryClinton's college plan compares with those of SenSanders and MartinOMalley. 
Billy Graham's son Franklin earned $880,000 last year from two charities. theobserver 
Get app by McClatchy's sunherald, which won a Pulitzer for covering Hurricane Katrina, for storm's 10th anniversary. 
An Israeli court charges two Druze with murder in the June mob killing of a Syrian rebel. 
Mexico is handing out millions of free digital TVs to the poor in a massive giveaway. 
As European summers get hotter, will the continent rethink its hatred of air conditioning? 
With the Summer Olympics only a year away, Brazil wonders whether its ready. 2016RioBrazil 
Welcome to high school graduation 2.0. It could be coming to a school near you. 
WagleyJWagley Hi, Sean. That's likely to come in later drought pieces. This one is about draining aquifer due to overuse, not drought. 
A year after Michael Brown's death,  Mo., is a changed place. From bellevillenewsd 
VIDEO: They're furry, they're famished and they're back! 
This is how some young Muslim Uighurs and Han Chinese are working through ethnic tensions. 
What millennials at   watch party have to say. 
kimoco Hey, thanks for the idea. But they'd probably have to be for sale first (details, details). 
When it's seen as OK in politics to call a woman a pig -- or worse. 
kimoco Thanks for that, Kim, and lynnsweet's Chicago Sun-Times is certainly no slouch, either! ;-) 
kimoco lynnsweet Doh, sorry! Maybe I was taking your queries way too seriously? Anyway, thanks for the exchange - my favorite thing to do! 
kimoco lynnsweet I hope this makes sense to you. It's not easy to talk about in 140-character bursts! Thanks for the good questions. (4/4) 
kimoco lynnsweet I suppose that approach may seem baffling now, as so much of what we read or hear takes a stand one way or another. (3/4) 
kimoco lynnsweet What we aim to do is give you as complete information as we can so you can decide whom you support in the election. (2/4) 
kimoco lynnsweet What we may think of candidates' policies has no role in assessing how well they made their arguments at a debate. (1/4) 
There are 3 important takeaways from today's BLS_gov jobs numbers, says KevinGHall. 
In a plea to reverse detention ruling, Obama lawyers warn of wave of family border crossings. 
ANALYSIS: The first  Call it the  show. 
Truth-squadding the  we found some misstatements and exaggerations. 
Highlights from the first presidential  
 
 
 realDonaldTrump 
 realDonaldTrump 
 
 
 RandPaul 
 
 
 
 
 
"The walkaway winner" of tonight's second-tier candidate forum was CarlyFiorina. 
kimoco Hi, Kim! By "good," I'm sure lynnsweet is referring to his performance at the debate, not his positions on issues. 
AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaand we're liveblogging.  
 
McClatchyDC will be live-blogging the  starting at 8. Come hang out with us! 
barb2point0 Indeed. 
Tonight's debate: 1 star, 1 famous name, 8 lesser-knowns trying to show they're up to the job. 
Americans disagree over whether slavery was the main cause of the civil war. maristpoll 
What GOP candidates must do to stay in, or reach, the front of the pack in tonight's debate. 
JeffMillsNR I'm sure they won't, Jeff, since they don't have the little security-strip thingie in there. And it would be naughty to try! 
See how various women would look on the new $10 bill. (Eleanor Roosevelt wins in maristpoll.) 
Timmmaaay As well, we try to cover the candidates from TX, SC, FL. McClatchy has newspapers there, so they have a special interest. (2/2) 
Timmmaaay Resources are limited, so poll toppers naturally get most coverage. But that can create a vicious cycle, I know. (1/2) 
The 10 GOP presidential candidates who'll participate in the first debate Thursday night. 
First interview with Cerner exec since it won contract to modernize Pentagon health records. 
In Arab town where toddler died, security is difficult: 'We are not allowed to carry weapons.' 
How low can they go? Gasoline prices are forecast to drop sharply this month. 
Timmmaaay It sez BernieSanders 'got standing ovation from labor union audience when he said hes never taken corporate money,never will.' 
How Taliban leader Mullah Omar managed to slip through a U.S. dragnet and remain at large. 
Ex-Rep. Mel Watt disappeared into his new job as a federal housing regulator. Now hes back. 
Have questions about President BarackObama's  We have some answers. 
Zachary Sorry! We learned that McClatchy's Charlotte newsroom wanted to hold the story for a good spot in the paper. It's back online now. 
GovernorPerry is 11th in unofficial GOP poll averages. FoxNews will set debate slots today. 
As Obama sells his climate-change plan, SenateMajLdr will do what he can to undermine it. 
Anger of slain Mexican journalist Rubn Espinosa Becerril's colleagues is focused on one man. 
AriTruscan Re Feedly, our digital editor says please be sure any McClatchyDC feeds you're using are set up with our current URLs. May fix? 
bensmp Anytime. Thanks for reading McClatchyDC! 
bensmp Poll on whom they'd vote for if election were today was suspended. This one is how they feel about the candidates (favorability). 
_mzniko Can you answer, maristpoll LeeMiringoff? I'm sure Sander will be in the polling, but unsure about this GOP-type match-up. 
CarolVicic maristpoll For example,  and  could tie, and  be 2 percentage points behind. The margin of error is nearly 3. (2/2) 
CarolVicic maristpoll Hi, Carol: Not allowing for polls' margin of error could exclude deserving candidates, Marist worries. (1/2) 
In cClatchy-maristpoll, voters like HillaryClinton, JebBush and marcorubio; a lot do not like RealDonaldTrump. 
Maristpoll suspends primary survey to avoid being part of first GOP presidential debate, fearing data is being misused to decide who's in. 
Petition on American who killed African lion gets enough signatures for White House response. 
Defense secretary gives his top commanders the green light to let more troops carry weapons at U.S. bases. 
What every 2016 presidential campaign must have: its own super PAC. Better still: 2 or more. 
Israel's new law on force-feeding called a black day in the annals of Israeli legislation. 
marykissel Thank you for the RT! 
Residential Credit Solutions agrees to pay borrowers $1.5 million in restitution and to help them save their homes. 
Nazi Germany and the U.S. Confederacy were both defeated, but fates of their symbols differed. 
Glad you enjoyed it! Credit goes to McClatchyCo's thestate . 
ucbooker LukeRussert Sorry, Craig, we have no archive to check that far back, but feel free to look up our pre-war reporting on Iraq. 
nayasala Hi, Mary: It's our article. 
TJMitchJohnson Hello! Thank you for tweeting our Hillary Clinton email story. 
NSANate Noted, thank you. Drat that tight count. 
DRUDGE_REPORT Hi! Thank you for tweeting our Hillary Clinton email story today. Much appreciated. 
hale_razor Hi there! Thank you for tweeting our Hillary Clinton email story today. 
Reince Hello! Thank you for tweeting our Hillary Clinton email story today. 
ICYMI: Classified emails on HillaryClinton private server contain info from 5 intel agencies. 
Happy 50th birthday, Medicare and Medicaid! Both of you face challenges.  
Our 2013 story on the National Criminal Background Check System, which recent shooting suspects eluded: 
RepMarkMeadows says he's prepared for the political consequences of challenging SpeakerBoehner's position. 
Medicare and Medicaid face growing pains as they turn 50 today. 
Days after a scolding from GOP leaders, SenTedCruz continues his anti-Washington campaign. 
A new amnesty International report charges Israel committed war crimes in 2014 Gaza campaign. 
Head of tribe that's OK'd marijuana sales says "the fact that we are first doesn't scare us. 
ChrisChristie, at 4 percent in New Hampshire, says poll was "created just to aggravate me." 
Migrant family-detention social worker testifies to Congress of rampant abuse and neglect. 
"The next frontier": Could microbes deep underground help us frack for oil? 
HillaryClinton's regret for her Iraq War vote isn't good enough, says rival LincolnChafee. 
S. Carolina SenatorTimScott proposes $100 million in grants to help police buy body cameras. 
Cuba's upgrade in StateDept's report on human trafficking alarms Cuban-American lawmakers. 
A Senate panel OKs a bill to boost agricultural trade with Cuba, but it still faces long odds. 
GOP candidates to Americans: Pay some attention to us, not just realDonaldTrump. Please. 
Mercury-free dentists respond to AmerDentalAssn Our original story: 
Fastest-growing U.S. population group, Hispanics are increasingly locked out of homeownership. 
Greece's trade counselor, on his country's affinity with Israel: We share a sense of fatalism. We whine a lot. 
FrancoOrdonez 
Some Mongolians worry their nation may be mortgaging its future with closer ties to China. 
KSFarmBureau We thought you'd be interested in our story on the struggles of western Kansas farmers to water crops. 
scotthar_tx Scott: I'm passing that on, thank you. 
CeresNews We thought you'd be interested in our story on the depletion of the Ogallala Aquifer due to irrigation. 
ICYMI: The ancient aquifer that waters 20 of U.S. corn, cattle and wheat is in crisis. 
Former family-detention social worker: "What is happening there is tantamount to torture." 
Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson are out for Democrats' dinners. Too much racial baggage. 
AriTruscan We're working on this for you, Ari, don't give up hope. With any luck, we can get it fixed early next week. 
Five reasons that farmers grow thirsty crops in dry climates. 
U.S. Supreme Court justices serve for life, but should they? And should they run for office? 
From Jefferson to jumpers, the fence around White House has seen two centuries of history. 
The water crisis that's unfolding underground: out of sight, out of mind for most Americans. 
BarackObama vows to bring up gay rights on Africa trip, despite WilliamsRuto's admonition. 
Police name gunman from last night's shooting at a Louisiana movie theater. 
Whtapl David, my guess is the Islamic State attacks within their own borders in last few days. Check this out: 
DNC says "never mind" to its ban on donations from lobbyists and PACs for convention and presidential fundraising. 
Turkey strikes Islamic State targets in Syria, its first offensive action against the group. 
As Kenya awaits BarackObama, highway from the airport is lined with U.S. and Kenyan flags. 
4 journalists missing in Syria raise new questions 
AmerDentalAssn responds to our story on mercury fillings. Story: 
Democrats offer bill to guarantee LGBT civil rights; Republicans counter with First Amendment Defense Act. 
The Pentagon review of how it handles anthrax is out. Among its findings: Weak standards for handling the pathogen. 
Bill to prevent states from requiring labels on genetically modified foods passes the House. 
Saying All lives matter has become a political liability in Democratic circles. 
HillaryClinton's capital gains proposals likely to resemble rates from era of billclinton. 
As Congress kicks off a debate over the nuclear accord, Iran gears up for a battle of its own. 
Iran will have nuclear "green light" if Congress rejects deal, JohnKerry tells Senate panel. 
AriTruscan I hope you do, too! 
AriTruscan Thank you! While we look into this, please follow us on Twitter so you don't miss out on anything else. 
Expanded overtime pay "would mean a lot of money in peoples pockets," says Sen. PattyMurray. 
RandPaul's amendment to the highway bill would cut federal funding for Planned Parenthood. 
AriTruscan feedly We rolled out a new website a month ago, and I bet that halted the RSS feed. I'm alerting our digital editor. Thanks! 
AriTruscan feedly Eek, thank you, Ari! We will look into this. 
PressSec says Obama administration is in final stages of plan to close Guantanamo prison. 
U.S. DOT warns railroads they must continue to notify states of large crude oil shipments. 
Artist Ai Weiwei: Today, I picked up my passport. China had taken it from him in 2011. aiww 
Frustration simmers for Palestinian food professionals, living beside Israel's culinary boom. 
Exclusive by thestate: Mother convicted of murdering sons 20 years ago today defends herself. 
Read accounts of people convinced that mercury dental fillings sickened them or loved ones. 
RandPaul campaign video shows him attacking tax code with chainsaw, wood chipper, flames. 
Republicans second tier will get more attention but less time at the first candidate debate. 
What you should know about the mercury in some dental fillings. 
After LindseyGrahamSC calls realDonaldTrump a jackass, Trump gives out Graham's cell number. 
rawfoodbliss Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
frandrescher Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
OrganicLife Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
OrganizeMadeFun Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
SueInge Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in dental fillings. 
shelbylaneMD Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
Toxic_Teeth Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
ToothBody Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in fillings. 
mercola Thought you'd be interested in our story on squelching of FDA proposal to curb mercury in dental fillings. 
Pres. BarackObama orders flags flown at half-staff for service members killed in Chattanooga. 
hardknoxfirst Good question. 
U.S. health officials squelch FDA proposal to curb dentists use of mercury in tooth fillings. 
JohnKasich is in the GOP race, but is he in time to be in first debate -- in his own state? 
Heartbreak and happiness: That's how it went on the first day of restored U.S.-Cuba relations. 
After Chattanooga shootings, military leaders question rush to arm service members on bases. 
"I dont enjoy fundraising at all. . . . However, I dont have a choice," says RepCurbelo. 
Turkey blames the Islamic State for bombing in Turkish city that killed at least 30 people. 
U.K.'s David_Cameron: No more turning a blind eye on the basis of cultural sensitivities. 
VIDEO: Cuba's flag is raised over its U.S. diplomatic mission as relations are restored. 
HillaryClinton never utters his name. But SenSanders is always there, drawing huge crowds. 
SenJohnMcCain says realDonaldTrump doesn't owe him an apology. 
realDonaldTrump keeps blasting SenJohnMcCain, as GOP rivals keep on blasting Trump. 
Patchwork fixes to the highway fund are the new normal in Congress. That makes nobody happy. 
BarackObama's late father looms over his upcoming trip to Kenya, his first as president. 
Hes not a war hero, realDonaldTrump says of SenJohnMcCain, who was a POW in Vietnam. 
"A recipe for mischief"? Legal marijuana businesses can deal only in cash, by federal law. 
Secret talks over the Obama administrations migrant family detention program break down. 
Israelis united in disliking Iran nuclear agreement, even opponents of Benjamin netanyahu. 
Children of the Confederacy conference organizers decline to share materials or talk to reporter about its teachings. 
realDonaldTrump calls BillCosby guilty as hell in interview to air on 77WABCRadio. 
Republicans likely need as much as 47 percent of Latino votes to win presidency in 2016, says LatinoDecisions study. 
These five questions are crucial to the future of drought legislation for California. 
craasch rickdunham Nice, thank you, Rick! But I count 10 there; this year Republicans have 17. 
If Congress rejected the Iran nuclear deal, would that play into Putin's hands? PutinRF_Eng 
Some Republicans say theyve outpaced BarackObama on efforts to overhaul prison sentencing. 
Never in modern times has a major party had so many prominent candidates vying for nomination. 
Tonight HillaryClinton, SenSanders, MartinOMalley, JimWebbUSA, LincolnChafee share stage. 
EEOC rules that existing federal law prohibits employment discrimination based on sexual orientation. 
AARP Hello. We thought your members might be interested in our story on the pushback against assisted-suicide laws. 
Washington imposes new measures to protect streams from coal mining; struggling industry sees them as a blow to jobs, 
Planned Parenthood responds to the furor over a video alleging sales of fetal parts. 
A look at Cerner Corp., one of the companies vying for a huge military health care contract. 
Turkey remains the top jailer of journalists in Europe, according to OSCE. 
Shootings of Marines in Chattanooga are worst attack at domestic base since Fort Hood in '09. 
On some measures, tea party favorite Sen. marcorubio looks downright bipartisan. 
LifeNewsHQ Hello. We thought you might be interested in our story on the pushback against assisted-suicide laws. 
FRCdc Hello. We thought you might be interested in our story on the pushback against assisted-suicide laws. 
NCILAdvocacy Hello. I thought you might be interested in our story on the pushback against assisted-suicide laws. 
CaliforniaCath Hi. Thought you'd be interested in our story on pushback against assisted suicide laws. Includes CA. 
NoSuicideCA Hi. Thought you'd be interested in our story on pushback against assisted suicide laws. Includes CA. 
Is Scott Walker paying enough attention to New Hampshire? 
SenTedCruz makes it onto the New York Times best-seller list after all. 
Now that it's finished with Pluto, what's next for the New Horizons spacecraft? 
Another filibuster from SenTedCruz? 
If Pres. BarackObama thought forging Iran deal was hard - now he must sell it to US, allies. 
rosiinparis Right and right. 
Pres. BarackObama says he isn't able to revoke BillCosby's Medal of freedom as some want. 
Auschwitz guard gets 4 years as accessory to 300,000 murders -- about 7 minutes per victim. 
2015 KCHonors will go to TheRitaMoreno, the_eagles, Seiji Ozawa, Carole_King, IAmCicelyTyson, GeorgeLucasILM. 
"Throughout my military career I was in the closet. . . . I felt I never could be close to my military family." 
zappertista Doh, thank you, James! That should be "Iran," of course. 
The Iran negotiators obviously didnt read his "The Art of the Deal," realDonaldTrump says. 
Here's how the world plans to verify Iraq's cooperation in the nuclear deal. 
The latest example of the cavern between Democrats' and Republicans' worldviews? Uber. 
For President Obama, the Iran deal was years in the making. And it was no surprise. 
kckansascity No offense was taken at all. And thanks for the kind words. That's good to hear. 
kckansascity So true, Kevin, too bad I had only 140 characters! 
netanyahu: Iran deal will mean "an unreformed, unrepentant and far richer terrorist regime." 
Now that there's a nuclear deal, will U.S. still be the "Great Satan" to Iran? 
An aerial hunt for oil and natural gas reserves in the Atlantic is about to start, a first step toward drilling. 
Releasing migrant mothers and children from detention centers isn't enough, critics say. 
Here's what Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told his people about the nuclear pact. 
Why is HillaryClinton spending so much money so soon? 
It's Congress turn to weigh in on the Iran pact, which many lawmakers have already denounced. 
Some fear that allowing assisted suicide will lead to mistakes or coercion.  
SenTedCruz reads the riot act to nytimes. 
Israeli soldiers said Palestinian wouldn't stand down, but video suggests a different story. 
At the White House, President BarackObama tackles the topic of security for aging Americans. 
States -- more than half of them so far -- are lining up against a new EPA rule on water use. 
Vet wheels himself from CA to VA: The only limits in life are the ones we set on ourselves." 
Opponents of assisted suicide worry patients will give up on life too soon.  
tbbrowning Hi, good question! She's been to the right of rivals MartinOMalley and SenSanders, but moved closer to them with this speech. 
HillaryClinton pivots left of center in her campaign's first economic address. 
Now comes challenge for ScottWalker: Can he survive the brutal presidential-campaign process? 
NotDeadYetUSA FYI Our story on assisted-suicide laws, in which we interviewed Diane Coleman, is now live, at 
HillaryClinton pivots left of center in her campaign's first address focused on the economy. 
Two women, told they have only a short time to live, choose opposite paths.  
The woolly mammoth's big brothers and sisters get some notice from the feds. WacoMammothSite 
RiosJose559 I know, right? It's illegal only to sell it or make it. 
UPDATE: Deported mother and child now back in the U.S. will be freed from detention center with monitoring bracelet. 
In Japan it soon will be illegal to possess child pornography  mostly. 
A teen who urges his Nooksack tribe to embrace their culture winds up introducing FLOTUS. 
ep.jasoninthehouse on resignation of OPMDirector: This is the absolute right call. 
A mistakenly deported mother and daughter are back in the U.S. -- and back in the family detention center. 
How about a toast? The nation of Georgia reclaims its ancient winemaking traditions post-USSR. 
A memorial in DC for President Eisenhower is finally approved, but don't plan that visit yet. 
The FBI is accused - again - of skewing bid solicitations for radios to favor MotoSolutions. 
RepKevinYoder: "Eighty-five percent of the ideas that are out there to cure diseases arent being funded." 
Israel lifts a gag order on the detentions by Hamas of two Israelis who'd crossed into Gaza. 
A fresh battle over the Confederate battle flag erupts in Congress. 
Remember Pat Buchanan? Herman Cain? Howard Dean? No? 
Congratulations, willienelson, for winning the Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. 
American Indian education is a national travesty, the Obama administration says. 
Here are three things to watch as Chinas stock market has tanked. 
In D.C. tonight, "We are Charleston."  
Get ready for a surprise: Here are the three countries you should thank for low gas prices. 
ISIS "rules through fear. If we can make people laugh at them we break through the fear. 
realDonaldTrumps remarks on Mexican immigrants cost him another business deal. 
RealDonaldTrump, third-party candidate? Doubtful, he says, but. . . . 
realDonaldTrump, third-party candidate? Doubtful, he says, but. . . . 
Iowa matters to ScottWalker. A lot. And he's about to show it some love. 
Iowa matters to ScottWalker. A lot. And he's about to show it some love. 
Federal officials are investigating the deportation of a teenage mom who'd attempted suicide. 
NPSusa Happy to serve! 
NPSusa Maybe Ohio Gov. John Kasich? 
Ex-Va. gov_gilmore says he plans to become the 17th Republican running for president in 2016. 
With Congress now back at the Capitol, they have only 4 weeks to answer these 4 questions. 
My phone is tapped. My email is being monitored. The limits of China's corruption campaign. 
Key House panel will approve California water bill and full House will follow, but then what? 
Huge payday lending operation is banned from further loans under settlement with FTC. 
HillaryClinton: I want a woman on the ($10) bill. A woman should have her own bill. 
Lawmakers from South Carolina will speak at a benefit for  families. 
POTUS hosts Vietnanese leader Nguyen Phu Trong in the Oval Office. 
She just wanted to take her baby for a walk. But a friend suggested she check the air first. 
GinaEPA: It's "apples and oranges" to link Supreme Court mercury ruling to EPA carbon plan. 
Why, thanks! Coming from you that means a lot. (Haven't seen it yet? Go to 
RushetteNY In our own work? I sure hope so. But an example would be tough to research, sorry! (Hard to find instances of *no* mentions.) 
The body of a U.S. soldier who fought in Korea, ID'ed at last, is buried at Arlington cemetery 
A key appellate court upholds the long-standing ban on campaign contributions from individual federal contractors. 
Jeb Bush and nine others make the cut for the first GOP presidential debate next month. 
Top Dem on House Benghazi Committee charges that someone affiliated with panel leaked false info on HillaryClinton . 
RushetteNY Hi! The story focused on the legal conflict, not political influence, so the Democratic contributions weren't seen as relevant. 
Iran negotiators "more concerned about the quality of the deal than we are about the clock," 
wesleysmorgan No, you are right, thank you! We are fixing that shortly, in an updated version of the story. 
wmartin46 Right, I think that's one of the things the administration sees as a problem with the bill. 
The U.S. may finally have found a reliable partner in Syria, but that makes Turkey nervous. 
A bill favoring veteran ID cards shows how hard it can be to get anything through Congress. 
If a nuclear pact is sealed, will Iran still see the U.S. as "the Great Satan"? 
Before he was TedCruz, he was Felito Cruz. But he got tired of that rhyming with "Dorito." 
A majority of Americans favor a nuclear deal with Iran -- with military might standing by. 
ChrisChristie says he's combat ready for the presidential campaign. 
A fierce food fight has erupted in Congress over labeling genetically engineered ingredients, 
The Senate was a different place when Barbara Boxer first got there 22 years ago. 
Just as the chickens were to go to slaughter, employees hit them, pulled out their feathers. 
Cuba and the U.S. still have plenty of tough conversations ahead of them. 
In Wisconsin, President BarackObama lambastes Republicans -- particularly Gov. ScottWalker. 
Amid a federal airline-pricing probe, a search of travel websites shows identical fares for several carriers. 
GovernorPerry "It is Republicans, not Democrats, who are truly offering black Americans the hope of a better life." 
Same-sex marriage. Immigration. The Confederate flag. All signs of a fast-changing America. 
Solid job numbers aside, Greece's troubles and stagnant U.S. wages weigh on economic outlook. 
Panama ponders what to do about aging, imprisoned former dictator Manuel Noriega. 
Justice Department and BP propose $18.7 billion settlement for Deepwater Horizon claims. 
BarackObama to talk overtime pay in Wis., where Gov. ScottWalker has fought labor unions. 
CauseEffectPost JustinRaimondo The other Democrats running so far are lincolnchaffee, SenSanders and MartinOMalley. 
The hard-charging company behind POM Wonderful juice is facing a two-front legal fight. 
JebBush says hes proud of his donations to charity. But they were below the U.S. average. 
Why the U.S. isn't tougher on Turkeys hesitance to fight the Islamic State. 
Iranian Foreign Minister JZarif on nuclear negotiations: Deadline? What deadline? 
JustinRaimondo Thanks, Justin, that has been fixed. Doh! 
The first country to get validation that it's eliminated mother-to-child transmission of HIV and syphilis? Cuba. 
HillaryClintons campaign raises a record $45 million in its first quarter of fundraising. 
Judge threatens to hold immigration lawyer in contempt after he leaks documents to McClatchy. 
Another realDonaldTrump dump, this one by Macy's. 
Sen. marcorubio says he'll keep his vow to oppose a U.S. ambassador for Cuba. 
Here's the lowdown. 
BetterBike GregGordon2 jimasher Thank you, Mark. 
tedcruz reveals new details about his family in a book out today, "A Time for Truth." 
The first country to get validation that it's eliminated mother-to-child transmission of HIV and syphilis? Cuba. 
As the deadline passes, Iran nuclear negotiators extend the talks for one week. 
Takeaways from President BarackObama's news conference with Brazil's dilmabr 
Human Rights Watch charges that Saudi-led airstrikes on a Yemeni city violated rules of war. 
Et tu, JetBlue? In a summer bummer, the airline starts charging to check luggage 
Take a break, with this week's editorial cartoons from around McClatchy. 
Next USSupremeCourt blockbuster? Justices will consider compulsory public-sector union fees. 
DavidMiddlecamp Thanks for the RT, David! 
Chris Christie just doesn't scare people like he used to. Not even GOP presidential rivals. 
Hey, folks, we launched a new website a few minutes ago. Come on over to and check us out. 
pogue25 Yes, rats, sorry, we had some inadvertent duplication. Please use this one: 
danloving Sorry, Dan, we had some inadvertent duplication. Please use this one: 
NBC Drops Trump 
Calif. continuation schools: Do they work or not? 
NBC Drops Trump 
Google Maps to alert drivers when they approach railroad crossings 
NBC to Trump: Youre Fired. 
GOP range war: Cruz calls Rove liar; Rove fires back 
Supreme Court strikes down EPA clean-air rule, says cost must be accounted for 
Court lifts ban against government detaining mothers and children 
Supreme Court upholds independent redistricting commissions 
Supreme Court upholds use of drug for lethal injection executions 
Domestic legacy assured, Obama still facing challenges abroad 
White House turns Rainbow House 
Charleston tragedy puts Sen. Tim Scott in spotlight 
Conservatives Resist Gay Marriage Ruling; Texas defiant 
After gay marriage ruling, what will courts do next? 
Joaquin Villalobos, one-time Salvadoran rebel, endorses proposed Nicaraguan canal 
Gay marriage case secures Justice Kennedys legacy 
What a model for his faith: President Obama eulogizes state Sen. Pinckney 
Biggest success of upcoming visit by Brazils Rousseff is its happening 
Confederate memorials across the South 
Mothers proposal on family detention divides advocacy groups 
Terror alerts high in Europe after decapitated body left at scene of attack in France 
Politicians react to Supreme Court ruling on gay marriage 
Nuclear talks may hinge on Iran OKing military site inspections 
Law and politics align: Gay marriage is here to stay 
President Obama on   decision: "America should be proud." WATCH: 
Obama: Gay marriage ruling a victory for America 
Sights amp; sounds from the Supreme Court  ruling today: video by drdesrochers 
U.S. Ambassador to Vietnam Ted Osius and how the Obama administration is spreading  overseas: 
Supreme Court rules in favor of gay marriage: 
"You feel... you feel more equal."   
LIVE on  
LIVE on  I'm at the Supreme Court. 
Supreme Court rules in favor of same-sex marriage 
In wake of Charleston, Obama asked to launch attack on domestic extremists 
CDC: State should spend more on anti-tobacco efforts 
House Republicans revive California water wish list 
Univision dumps Miss USA; Latin America fumes over Trump remarks 
Christie expected to join GOP White House race Tuesday 
U.S. presses gay rights abroad as it awaits Supreme Court ruling 
For Obama, Charleston eulogy a moment to comfort a shocked nation 
Impeach the 6 justices who upheld health care law, group urges 
Railroads use new oil shipment rule to fight transparency 
Army foresees no changes to bases named for Confederate generals 
GOP will have to win White House to repeal Obamacare 
Obamacare ruling allows tens of thousands in Kansas, Missouri to keep subsidies 
Supreme Court upholds health care subsidies 
Supreme Court opens door to housing discrimination lawsuits 
Supreme Court upholds Obamacare subsidies for states using federal exchange. Story soon at 
Jindals Facebook showing matches his lagging poll numbers 
Mississippis black congressman hopes Confederate flags become artifact of history 
Love of Germanys Paternoster elevators trumps worries about safety 
Mississippis black congressman hopes Confederate flags become artifact of history 
First the Confederate flag. Whats next? 
Obama turns up dial on California drought aid 
Revelations NSA spied on French presidents called more smoke than fire 
Colleges see opportunity in U.S.-Cuba opening 
Former N.C. Sen. Hagan wont run in 2016 
U.S. says it will end long-term detention of immigrant families 
Confederate flag imagery in state flags 
Israeli Druze angered by their countrys medical assistance to Syrian rebels 
Obama wont prosecute hostages families who pay ransom 
Jindals bid for White House begins with many doubters 
WikiLeaks: NSA spied on French presidents 
White supremacist cash went to more than 40 GOP candidates, including a black 
Peace talks on Yemen bore little fruit, U.N. envoy likely to tell Ban 
Clinton: Removing Confederate flag is important, but not enough 
McCaskill draws fire for vote to end debate on fast-track trade bill 
VIDEO: Dashcam video of Dylann Roof's arrest after  
Coal-state lawmakers attack climate rule no matter what pope says 
SC House and Senate OK allowing Confederate flag debate this summer 
State House rally speakers on flag: Take it down now + Videos 
Mexicos 2018 presidential campaign already underway 
Despite recent hacks, U.S. hesitant to confront China about cyberspying 
Deported mom, Ana, ordered returned to U.S. found in Guatemala 
Germany bidding farewell to its beloved Paternoster elevators 
New finder website aims to help more low-income kids get free summer meals 
Haley takes Republicans off the hook with flag decision 
UN report blasts Gaza war tactics Israel has defended 
Reporters from thestate on the ground for Gov. Nikki Haley's Confederate flag press conference.. Follow live: 
President Obama to deliver eulogy for slain SC pastor 
Sens. Tim Scott and Lindsey Graham to call for Confederate flags removal from statehouse grounds 
Kansas welfare recipients will still be able to withdraw more than $25 from ATMs  for now 
Supreme Court decision on federal raisin rules likely to reshape industry 
House Republicans refuse to release Blumenthal transcript 
Cruz returns tainted cash; gets AP shot 
SC lawmakers discussing Confederate flags removal; Haley to hold 4 p.m. news conference 
China may be trying to hide its submarines in the South China Sea 
U.S. not cured of racism, President Obama says 
Supreme Court undercuts California raisin program, says reserve set-aside is a taking 
Congressional delegation will visit family detention center where teen mom cut wrist 
S.C. lawmakers, GOP presidential hopefuls ponder Confederate flags fate in Charleston massacres wake 
Sen. Lindsey Graham: theres No doubt that Charleston church massacre was racially motivated 
Rick Perry calls Charleston shootings an accident - oops 
Family detention negotiations extended again 
Judge sides with California in rail industry suit over oil spill law 
Court orders feds to find and return deported mother and daughter from Guatemala 
Tank car upgrades effective in derailments, Canadian report shows 
Obama and Jeb Bush have common ground on Confederate flag: It shouldnt fly 
Conservatives rebrand: PRO religious freedom, not ANTI gay 
New Yosemite park concessions contract sparks questions 
At faith conference, GOP candidates express outrage, urge prayer for Charleston victims 
Strange bedfellows: Texas Democrat, Republican oppose trade plan 
Kurds triumph in latest advance, but fears grow among other Syrians 
Wounded veterans hunt child predators 
Obama spoke on  then flew West for fundraisers. In times of crisis, he often sticks to schedule. 
Looking for a good weekend read? Check out the biggest earth-moving project ever. 
At home and abroad, worries mount over Obamas trade pact 
CBO gives ammo to Obamacare opponents, proponents 
Jeb Bush touts conservative credentials at conservative confab 
Appeals court lets Z Street lawsuit proceed against IRS 
For Obama, Hollywood A-listers dinner, mums the word 
As globe warms, melting glaciers revealing more than bare earth 
Clinton, Sanders, Paul top Facebook chatter in key early presidential states 
Despair shakes Charleston after church shooting; suspect arrested in NC 
Developer behind Nicaragua canal pledged to finish project by 2020.   
California Sen. Boxer collects on NBA bet with Ohio Sen. Brown 
LATEST: Charleston shooting suspect captured in Shelby, NC, source close to investigation says 
VIDEO from thestate: Clip from prayer service for  victims at Bethel AME Church. 
The Supreme Court agrees that Texas can deny a special license plate honoring the Sons of Confederate Veterans. 
VIDEO thestate SC's vincentsheheen on Sen. Pinckney: "The best of all 46 of us . . . is the one who lost his life." 
Rubio makes 2016 pitch to evangelical Christians 
Ike memorial gets a go-ahead, but money a stumbling block 
Some politics takes a break after S.C. shooting 
EXCLUSIVE: Clinton rules out U.S. ground combat against ISIS 
VIDEO: From thestate Resident on why she took flowers to makeshift memorial near site of  
Supreme Court upholds Texas restrictions on license plate messages 
Hong Kong bucks its Chinese overseers, gets terse reminder of whos boss 
Obama on shooting: Ive had to make statements like this too many times 
aalonzoKCBJ KCStar The goof has been fixed, Austin, thank you. Doh! 
LATEST: Charleston shooting suspect captured in Shelby, NC, source close to investigation says 
VIDEO from thestate S.C. state Rep. Wendell Gilliard on  "We have a problem in America." 
Police: Charleston shooter spent nearly an hour praying with victims inside church before opening fire 
Supreme Court upholds Texas restrictions on license plate messages 
Rand Paul proposes flat tax 
Sen. Tim Scott mourns, denounces fatal shootings at historic Charleston, S.C. 
STORY NOW LIVE: Huge Nicaragua canal would remake global trade.   
For Hillary Clinton, the race for campaign cash is on 
Anxious and angry, many fear losing homes, land along Nicaragua canal 
Details of Nicaragua canal project remain hidden 
Nicaraguas Rama face peril from canal and migrants 
Will China finally fulfill Nicaraguas dream of an inter-ocean canal? 
Charleston Mayor on church shooting that killed 9: An evil and hateful person took the lives of citizens 
9 killed in shooting at South Carolina church 
Coming Thursday: "The canal does not benefit us. We are being robbed of our homes."   
New Hampshire on Trump: hell shake things up 
House gears up for another trade vote 
Congress cheers as airline group pauses plan to shrink carry-on bag size 
DPrabhata I hear you, Dhyana. Thanks for weighing in, and for the praise. I'm sure you won't agree with everything we write all the time. 
DPrabhata Hello! Why not read our story and find out? P.S. The story you linked to concludes it isn't true that Paul bests other GOP. 
California veterans visit war memorials in Washington 
Lawmakers skeptical about U.S. Middle East strategy 
House Democrats float new California water bill 
Rand Paul, struggling in his presidential bid, works to court evangelicals 
Among GOP contenders, Trump trumps em all on Facebook 
Teen mom who attempted suicide speaks out after deportation 
VIDEO: Idea of a Nicaragua canal is more than a century old; why build now? Full story Thursday   
Texas lawmaker accuses Yellen of blocking probe 
Islamic State targeting Germanys homeless in worrying recruiting trend 
laprensa Coming Thursday McClatchyDC: Many in Nicaragua don't want the country severed by a vast canal.  
TerrinaMajnoona RiosJose559 We love loudmouths. ;-) I answer when I know the answer or can find it out. Course, sometimes it's rhetorical. 
nicadispatch Coming Thursday McClatchyDC: Many in Nicaragua don't want country severed by a vast canal.  
laprensa Coming Thursday McClatchyDC: Many in Nicaragua don't want the country severed by a vast canal.  
