text 
Theres more water out there since you last saw this commercial. I advise you get a water-resistant   
Tomorrow, I will be keynoting a major conference at TED Ankara College, Turkey, before 1000 people, about the future of education. 
I just did an interview with CBS This Morning with Charlie Rose about man-made earthquakes in Oklahoma and elsewhere. 
I would like to thank the people of LA for their warm welcome. A total of 7,500 people registered for these four events. 
Congratulations to Google's Deep Mind for beating a world Go champion, which is truly a milestone. (But it doesn't mean we are obsolete). 
I will be speaking 4 nights in LA for the Distinguished Speakers Series of S. Calif. See for details. 
Here's a bright idea: a water-resistant phone.   
I will be on CNN International today (Friday) at 4:40 pm ET, with Richard Quest, speaking about the future of robots. Will they take over? 
I appreciate great technology, which is why I was happy to be in the SamsungMobileUS  commercial.  
Thank you to the people of Columbia College in Missouri who gave me a standing ovation on Thursday. Several thousand people attended my talk 
I do believe theres is going to be even more water. So Im glad that theres now a water-resistant phone.  
On Science Fantastic radio, we discuss robots and AI. Will the robots take over? Can they surpass us? Call 866 323 2129 to ask questions. 
Next step is to launch space-based gravity wave detectors to analyze radiation from the instant of the Big Bang, and maybe even before. 
I just spoke to several thousand delegates in Amsterdam at the Integrated Systems conference, the world's largest AV conference. 
It means: if the sun were to disappear at this very instant, it would take 8 minutes for the earth's orbit to be disrupted. 
Einstein would be proud of this discovery of gravity waves. If gravity waves WERE NOT found, them much of modern physics would collapse. 
Finally saw The Martian. Superb movie. Lots of great science. But colonizing Mars will take many decades to centuries. 
On my radio show, Science Fantastic, we talk about UFOs, ETs, psychics, talking to dead people, Big Foot. Call 866 323 2129 for questios 
I just met George Takei backstage on Broadway and congratulated him on his riveting new play, Allegiance. 
I am now in Davos, Switzerland, speaking at the World Economic Forum about the technology of the future. 
I finally saw Star Wars. I've now seen all 7 eopisodes. It didn't violate too many laws of physics. (But it was too close to episode 4.) 
The recent N Korean nuclear test was almost certainly not a true hydrogen bomb. Too small by several orders of magnitude. 
I hope the movie inspires a new generation of young minds to pursue a career in science. 
As a sci fi junkie, I look forward to viewing the latest Star Wars movie. 
Enjoy msainat1's article with innovation based on his phone interview with me on alien intelligent life: ( ). 
See me on HISTORYs new series Secrets Of Einsteins Brain airing TONIGHT November 2nd at 9/8c  
I will appear in a new History Channel TV program about Einstein's Brain, airing on Monday Nov 2 at 9 pm ET. 
Last night, I was a keynote speaker, along with former astronaut Buzz Aldrin, at the NJ Chamber of Commerce annual event. 
I am scheduled to be on BBC/PBS news tonight speaking about the tragic Afgan earthquake. 
Thank you to almost 6,000 people who attended my talks in the Bay Area and Sacramento. We had a sell out audience. 
I just spoke to a sell-out audience in the Bay Area last night, the very same auditorium featured in the Steve Jobs movie, with the wave. 
Thank you to the 1,500 people in Sacramento to came to my talk. Next: Foothill College in the Bay Area. See 
I just did an interview with CNN International's Quest Means Business, about Back to the Future, for the anniversary. 
 to all my fellow fans of BacktotheFuture. 
Correction: I will be on FOX Business TV at 2:20 pm today. 
I will be on FOX TV today at 2:20 pm ET speaking about alien megastructures. Have we found aliens in space?? 
Sorry, I meant MSNBC. 
Also I will be on NSNBC sometime after 6 pm ET today speaking about Mars. 
I will be on Fox TV at 3:45 pm ET today speaking about NASA's plan to send astronauts to Mars. 
I will be speaking at Foothill College in the Bay Area on Oct 21, 22, 23. For more information, here is the link: 
I will be in Fox tonight. Watch Kennedynation at 8 pm ET on FoxBusiness. 
On October 21,22, and 23, I speak at Foothill College in Los Altos Hills in California. 
On October 20 I speak in Sacramento at the Community Center Theater. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS News Monday morning around 7:30 am, speaking about Mars, 
Too bad the TV pres. debates did not discuss science and education. Taxes only rearrange wealth, but science and technology create wealth. 
Thank you to the 1,700 people who gave me a standing ovation after speaking at the Minneapolis Convention Center at the Futurist Conference 
At 3:15 pm ET today, I talked about earthquake dangers on Fox News with Shepard Smith. 
Correction: I was on CNN International, not CNN US, at 4:40 pm today, speaking about killer robots. 
I was on Fox News today Tuesday at 3:15 pm talking about killer robots. I will be on CNN at 4:40 pm today as well. 
A new discovery can change the world. Proud to share these videos I created for  in theaters Aug 7. 
I am scheduled to be CBS This Morning with Charlie Rose at 7:30 am, Thursday morning, to talk about a possible Cascadia earthquake. 
I was on Fox News at 3:15 pm today talking about a possible huge earthquake in Seattle area. I am on MSNBC at 5:45 pm today about Pluto. 
NASA is streaming a live status report on NASANewHorizons / - Let's watch together!   
I just wrote an Oped article about Pluto for Tuesdays Wall Street Journal. I am scheduled to be on CBS News Tuesday morning at 8 am. 
Yestetday, I received a standing ovation at the Telmex Aldea Digital conference in Mexico City. 18,000 attended, including Mr. Carlos Slim. 
I am off to Mexico City to speak at the Telmex conference. Telmex is run by Mr. Carlos Slim, the wealthy and powerful Mexican investor. 
I will be speaking in Mexico City on July 11. The sponsor is the Telmex Corporation. The topic is the future of telecommunications. 
Happy Fourth of July 2015, Everyone!   - 
I am scheduled to be on CBSN tonight, Monday, at 7:40 pm, talking about the explosion of the Space X rocket, and also Asteroid Day. 
I just spoke to 2,000 enthusiastic people in Dallas, at the Southern Methodist University, in spite of Tropical Storm Bill. 
I just spoked to a packed audience at the Miami Convention Center about the future of medicine, sponsored by AARP. 
Correction. I will be on Fox Business TV tonight, only at 10 pm. 
I will also be on Fox Business TV tonight at 7 and 10 pm, talking about killer asteroids. See  
I will be on MSNBC today at 4 pm talking about the earthquake. 
May the 4th Be With You! Happy  to my many fellow starwars fans. Science fiction fuels science reality! 
I will be on CNN at 4:15 pm today ET, Friday, taking about energy. 
Thank you to the people who gave me a standing ovation at the Heinz Symphony Hall in Pittsburg last night.' 
Tomorrow, I am speaking in Pittsburg at the Heinz Symphony Hall, for the Robert Morris Univ. 
I am now scheduled to be on CBS TV 7:30 am today, not 8 am. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS This Morning on Monday at 8 am, speaking about the science of the Nepal earthquake. 
Thank you to the overflow crowd that gave me two standing ovations at West Texas A and M in Amarillo. 
This, I spoke before 2 packed SRO events, in St.Louis and Carbondale, Illinois. Tonight I speak at West Texas A and M. 
I lecture tomorrow, April 21. 
I lecture in Maryville U and Powell Symphony Hall in St Louis MO. 
Tomorrow I speak in St. Louis, MO, and Maryville Univ. in Powell Symphony Hall. 
Thank you to the 4000 students who gave me 3 standing ovations at the Phi Theta Kappa meeting in San Antonio TX. 
I just spoke to a SRO crowd of 1200 people in Fredrick MD at the Weinberg Center. 
I just spoke to a SRO crowd of 900 students at Georgia State Univ in Atlanta. 
Tomorrow, April 9, I am speaking at Georgia State University in Atlanta, Georgia about the future of society and the future of the mind. 
False alarm. My interview on MSNBC on AI and robots was canceled. 
I am scheduled to be MSNBC TV tonight, April 7, Tuesday, speaking about AI, drones, and robots. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS This Morning at 8 am today speaking about the California drought. 
In Vancouver w/ Toyota hosting  dinner, sharing thoughts on the future - while tasting the future c/o RichardBlais 
Heading out to join Toyota at  to drive the  and explore the future of mobility. 
Tomorrow, Mar 7, I am speaking in NY, at CCNY, from 1 to 3:30 pm about the Future of the Mind, 160 Convent ave. Shepard Hall room 95. Free. 
I am now in DC, and we have had sell-out audiences for the paperback version of The Future of the Mind. Next Philly. 
Thank you to the 1700 people who came to my Vero Beach FL event. It was sold out again. 
Correction: I will be speaking at the 92nd St. Y in NYC on March 2, at 8:15 pm (not Wednesday, as previously stated). Sorry for the mix-up. 
I will be speaking at Vero Beach, FL, Feb. 28, at the Emerson Center. 
I am scheduled to be on MSNBC today at about 5:45 pm, talking about life in the universe. 
Thank you to the 1600 people who came to hear me in Austin TX. It was another sell out event. See for the book tour. 
The paperback version of The Future of the Mind is now out! I will be signing copies on my book tour. See 
I speak tonight in Austin TX at the Historic Paramount Theater. 
Thank you to the 2,600 who filled up the basketball stadium to hear my talk at the U of Texas at Arlington. It was sold out. 
Feb. 19, I will be speaking at the U of Texas at Arlington. On Feb. 23, I will be speaking in Austin, TX, at the Historic Paramount Theater. 
I will speak at the U of Texas in Arlington on Feb 17. Seats are filling up fast. 
I am now in Phoenix, about to speak before 6,000 software engineers at the Solidworks conference. 
Tomorrow, Feb 8, I speak at Elmhurst College, near Chicago. 
I just keynoted a talk to 2500 cheering engineers and managers at the Distributech conf in San Diego. 
Tomorrow I will be speaking at the Univ of Calif at Santa Barbara. Unfortunately it is all sold out. 
I am speaking at the Univ of Calif at Santa Barbara on Wed, Jan 28. 
I will be on MSNBC at 5:15 ET speaking about NASA today . 
I just received two standing ovations at the Equinix computer conference in Orlando FL, before an audience of 500. 
If you missed me yesterday on msnbc's edshow, visit my official website now for full video.   
I will be on MSNBC at 5:45 pm ET today speaking of new planets in space. 
See my official website for a video from my appearance at Toyota's press event at  
Taking the stage w/ Toyota at 1pm 4 global announcement from intlCES. WATCH LIVE:  
 attendees, join me  1 PM tomorrow for Toyota's major global announcement. Ill be discussing the future of fuel cells amp; hydrogen. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic, we discuss Interstellar and parallel universes with an MIT physicist. 
For Early Bird tx, see  today! (I will speaking there in Australia next year). 
I encourage you to attend the March 2015 event in Australia, Ci2015 Asia Pacific  Cinnovation. 
On my national science radio show, Science Fantastic, this weekend: the mission to Pluto. See for details. 
I did a short interview on CBSN about science, Exodus, and the parting of the Red Sea. See 
I just filmed a short interview on CBSN, about the new Hollywood movie, Exodus, about parting the Red Sea. 
I spoke before a very enthusiastic, sell out audience at New Jersey City University. Sorry if you could not get a ticket. 
Tuesday, Dec. 9, I will be speaking at New Jersey City University at 7pm, about Physics of the Future. 
I just finished filming a 5 part series about the next 30 years, for NHK Japanese TV. It will air (in English) early next year. 
I am now in Tokyo, filming a 4 part series about the future for NHK national TV. 
Just saw Interstellar. Great movie. Highly recommended. They only broke a few laws of physics. (They even has some string equations.) 
See  for more about the conference. 
I am now at the wonderful Turkcell conference in Istanbul. Great speakers. 
This Thursday, Nov. 14, I will be speaking in Istanbul at the Turkcell Technology Summit, at the Halich Congress Center at 10:15 am. 
Tonight I will be on CBSN, the new on-line channel, talking about the movie Interstellar. 
Thank you to the 1,500 people who gave me standing ovation at Wittenburg College in Ohio yesterday. 
This weekend, on Science Fantastic, we explore the origin of the elements of the universe. Are we made of stardust? You can also call-in. 
To record a question or comment about science, call 866 323 2128. The show is carried by 100+ radio stations. 
Ask me a question on national radio. See and Facebook/Michiokaku for a list of radio stations and times. 
I love Sci Fi. I just saw LUCY. The premise is wrong, that we only use 10 of our brain, but the special effects are great. 
PopSci 
By chance, I happen to meet Daniel Craig (of 007 fame) here in London. We instantly recognized each other. 
I just received a standing ovation from 1,000 cheering students here at Clarke College in Dubuque, Iowa. 
I just spoke at Iowa State Univ, where we had 2,600 people fill up the main auditorium. 
Tonight I speak at Iowa State in Ames, Iowa. On Sunday I speak at Clarke Univ, also in Iowa. 
Thank you to the 1000 people who came to Lake Forest College to hear my talk. Sorry that 200 people had to be turned away. Next: Iowa State. 
Tomorrow, I speak at Lake Forest College outside Chicago. On Friday, I speak at Iowa State Univ. On Sunday, I speak at nearby Clarke Univ. 
Correction: today's interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN will be taped, not live, and will air later. 
I will be on with Mr. Zakaria talking about the Future of the Mind. 
I will be on CNN at 1:30 pm ET today talking about my book. 
Yesterday I spoke to 1000 very enthusiastic pathologists at their annual conference, in Chicago. Next: SF and DC 
I just spoke to a sell-out, standing room only, cheering crowd here at the AARP conference. 
I am about to speak at the San Diego Convention Center for AARP. Others include Martha Stewart, Erin Brockovich, A. Huffington. 
I speak tomorrow at the San Diego Convention Center at 11:30 am for AARP. 
I will be on C-Span around 12:35 pm ET today, Saturday. I then speak at the Convention Center in D.C. at the Book Festival 
I just did an interview with CBS News about the weather, especially the situation in California. 
I just wrote an Op-ed article for tomorrows Wall Street Journal about The Future of the Mind. 
OnSept 6, I will be speaking in San Diego at the Convention Center at an event sponsored by the AARP. 
The National Book Festival will be at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. The President and First Lady will be hosts. 
I will be speaking at the National Book Festival in DC on Aug. 30 at 3:30pm. I will be on C-Span at 12:30 pm just before my talk. 
I will be speaking in Colorado this Monday. See for details. 
This Monday, I lecture at the Curiosity Retreats in Colorado, created by John Hendricks, founder of the Discovery Channel. 
I just spoke in Vail to Colorado's top hospital officials about the future of medicine and hospitals. 
I am now in Orlando at the  conference, about to speak to 8400 high school and college kids, future health professionals. 
I am speaking tonight in Milwaukee at the Discovery World at Pier Wisconsin about the future of medicine. 
I would like to thank the 1000 health professionals who gave me standing ovation after my talk at the CMSA conference here in Cleveland. 
I am now in Cleveland, OH, speaking before 1,000 health professionals at the annual CMSA conference, about the future of medicine. 
I would like to thank the audience in Sydney and Melbourne, AU, who gave me a standing ovation. 2,000 in Sydney and 1,500 in Melbourne. 
We had a sell-out event in Brisbane, Australia. The event in Melbourne tonight is also sold out. There are a few tickets left for Sydney. 
I will be speaking in Australia this week: Brisbane, Melbourne, Sydney June 5,6,7. See 
I am now on my way to Grand Junction, Colo. to speak at the Curiosity retreat, sponsored by John Hendricks. 
I am now in Nashville, TN. I just did an interview for CBS News. Now I will speak before the engineers and people behind Verizon Wireless. 
Last, I spoke before about 850 enthusiastic people at De Pauw University near Indianapolis about The Future of the Mind. 
I am speaking at de Pauw University in Indiana this Monday, May 5, 2014. 
I just signed about 500 books at the USA Science Festival in Washington DC, the largest so far on the book tour. 
Thank you to the 2500 people who came to my talk at Midland College, TX to hear me, and who gave me a standing ovation. 
I made a mistake. To participate in the live Qamp;A tonight at 8 pm ET, go to 
If you want to ask me a question tonight at 8 pm ET, then go to 
Tonight, at 8pm ET, I will be live, on Facebook via Itunes. Ask me any question about science and my new book, the Future of the Mind. 
Correction: I will be doing a live Qamp;A chat on Facebook for Apple's iTunes on Monday at 8pm (ET), not 5pm. 
I will be appearing in the new BBC-A TV series The Real History of Science Fiction, 4/19 at 10pm. I will be in parts 2,3,4. 
See for an interview I just did with Alan Boyle about my book, The Future of the Mind. 
Ask me a question. I will be answering questions live this Monday at 5 pm on the web. Details to come. 
Altogether, we counted about 10,000 people who came to my 15 city book tour for The Future of the Mind. There were 3 standing ovations. 
500 showed up for my talk at Florida State College, Jacksonville, and 300 for my talk at Politics and Prose in DC. We sold out of books. 
I speak in Stony Brook tonight. Then Florida State at Jacksonville tomorrow. Then at Politics and Prose in Washington DC on Fri. 
Thurs: I speak in Jacksonville FL. Fri: Politics and Prose Bookstore, Wash, DC. 
Tomorrow I speak in Providence RI at Johnson and Wales U. Wed: : SUNY Stony Brook LI. 
I just did the chat session on Facebook. We had 10,000 questions. Sorry I could not answer all of them! 
Ask me any question on Facebook/Michiokaku tomorrow, Monday, between 1 and 2 pm ET. 
The biggest turnout for my book tour has been 4000 people at Wright State U. In Ohio. Also 2,500 came to my Youngstown event. 
I am now in LA. I will be live at 3 pm PT on Business radio show CBS radio KFWB 980 am 
Ask me a question. I will be on Facebook/Michiokaku this Monday at 1-2 pm ET answering your questions. 
I will live, answering all questions this Monday from 1-2 pm on my Facebook site. 
My colleague, Alan Guth of MIT, may eventually win the Nobel Prize for the inflation theory because of the recent discovery. 
I just got a standing ovation from 1,300 people here in Kansas City, speaking about my  best seller The Future of the Mind. 
I want to thank the 1,200 who came to my lecture at W. Kentucky Univ last night, who gave me a standing ovation Next: Kansas City 
On 3/17, I speak at W. Kentucky U. Then Rainy Day Books in Kansas City. Then Wright State U. Then Youngstown State. 
I am now at NBC Studios. I will be on MS NBC News at 1:30 ET. 
Tomorrow, I am on Google Hangout at 11:30 am ET. Then I am on MSNBC at 1 pm. Then I am on Dark Matters radio at 10 pm. 
Ask me a question. I will be on Google Hangout this Friday, from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm ET answering questions on line. 
Ask me a question about science on Friday. See my Facebook site for details. 
The Future of the Mind officially debuts as  on the NY Times Bestseller list on 3/16/2014, along with a full-page review. 
The book tour for The Future of the Mind has been a huge success, drawing over 3,000 people. Next: LA, Ohio, Kansas, Florida, Kentucky, etc. 
Here is the link to Reddit. You can ask me questions there! 
I am now about to get on Reddit 
The Future of the Mind just hit  on the NY Times bestsellers list! Thank you to all who made it possible, See 3/16/2014 issue. 
Ask me a qustion. At 12 ET tomorrow, I will be on Reddit on AMA: Ask Me Anything. 
The book tour has had huge audiences. 800 people in Berkeley and 900 in Redwood City. We are also averaging 200 to 300 in bookstores. 
Hi Australia! I will be lecturing down under in June. For details of the Australian trip, see 
We just had the largest audience for this book tour for The Future of the Mind. 900+ people crammed into the Redwood Theater. Next: Denver 
I would like to thank everyone who helped make The Future of the Mind  on Amazon's new releases. 
We had a sellout audience of 800 people for the the book signing in Berkeley for The Future of the Mind. 
Chicago is frozen solid, but 300 enthusiastic fans showed up for the book signing for The Future of the Mind. Now I am in SF, with NPR. 
Last night in Milwaukee, we had a huge, sell-out crowd of 300 for the book signing of The Future of the Mind, one of the biggest in memory. 
Please visit Apple's IBooks twitter site at where there is a reference to The Future of the Mind. 
The Future of the Mind is now  on the bestsellers list. 14,000 people asked questions on my Facebook site. 
Being on the Daily Show with Jon Stewart last night, talking about The Future of the Mind, was a blast. It will be rerun tonight. 
My 12 city book tour for The Future of the Mind starts Wed.: through Boston, Chicago, SF, LA, Kansas City, Milwaukee, Providence, etc. 
Tonight on the Science Channel, 10/9c: physics of landing a plane on a truck. 
Tonight on the Science Channel, 10/9c: physics of landing a plane on a truck.  
Ask me a question about my latest book The Future of the Mind. I will be live at 3 pm on my Facebook site. Later I appear on the Daily Show. 
I will be answering questions from the public on Facebook on 2/25 about my new book The Future of the Mind. Then I go on the Daily Show. 
I will be on George Noory's Coast to Coast radio show the evening of Feb, 25-26 at 1:00 am ET speaking about the Future of the Mind. 
I will be on the Daily Show with Jon Stewart on Feb. 25 and 26,. speaking about my latest book, The Future of hte Mind. 
My book tour schedule for The Future of the Mind is now on my website and Facebook. I will be traveling to 12 cities. 
I will be on CBS News this morning, around 7:30 am Eastern time, talking about earthquakes. 
So far, review of my new book, The Future of the Mind, due next month,have been fantastic. See my Facebook site for more information. 
2,000 people came to my lecture at Chattanooga State Comm. College last night. I apologize to the 700 who had to be turned away. 
This week, I lecture at Johnson and Wales Univ. in Rhode Island on Jan. 22 and at Chattanooga State Tech. Comm. College on Jan. 23. 
I was on CBS News this morning, at 8:30 am, concerning a Discovery TV documentary about the science of sinkholes. 
I am speaking at Johnson and Wales Univ., RI, on 1/22, and Chattanooga State Tech. College on 1/23 about The Future of the Mind. 
Happy new year! Remember, science is the engine of prosperity. I wish for more scientific breakthroughs in 2014. 
Ask me a question on national radio, on Science Fantastic, on 130 radio stations. Call our new telephone number: 866-323-2129. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic, we explore Saturn, Titan, and the possibility of life around Jupiter and Saturn. 
This weekend on Science Fantasitc radio, I interview an expert on the science of dinosaurs. See 
Can we read minds? Move objects by thought? Record memories? Liberate the mind from the body? See The Future of the Mind (due Feb. 2014) 
Wrong date. The interview was today, Thursday, at 7:45 am. 
I was on CBS News this morning, Wed., talking about a fantastic ancient human DNA discovery. See their web site for the interview. 
Wanted: a new webmaster for since I have a new book, the Future of the Mind, in Feb. Send resume to kakuaol.com. 
This weekend, on Science Fantastic radio, we discuss Black Holes. Also, I appear on Futurescape on the Science Channel, all December. 
On Nov. 28, I wrote a short essay for the International New York Times, making some predictions for the future. 
Comet ISON whips around the sun today, Thanksgiving Day. Early December, when the moon isn't out, could be the best time to watch it. 
I appear in the new Science Channel series, Futurescape with James Wood, about the future of science. It airs Nov. 19 to Dec. 24. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic, we discuss intelligent life in space, extra-solar planets, UFOs, and possible visitation from aliens. 
I just spoke before a sell-out, overflow crowd at the Univ. Of Tennessee Knoxville. I apologize if you were turned away at the door. 
This weekend, on Science Fantastic, on Sirius XM radio, I interview the editor of Astronomy magazine about comet ISON. 
I just spoke to a sell-out crowd here in Jacksonville, FL. They gave me a standing ovation. (My TV series, Futurescape, starts on Nov. 19) 
My national book tour, to promote The Future of the Mind, is now set for Feb. 23 - March 14, 2014. See for more. 
I am lecturing at the Univ. of N. Florida, Jacksonville, on Tuesday, and the Univ. of Knoxville, TN, on Thursday of this week. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS News at 7:45 am (Eastern time) Monday morning, speaking about the satellite falling from outer space. 
I am speaking in Jacksonville, FL on Nov. 12 and the Univ. of TN at Knoxville on Nov. 14. I am in the Science Channel series, Futurescape. 
Telepathy. Telekinesis. Uploading memories. Video taping a dream. These topics are covered in my next book, the Future of the Mind, Feb 2014 
I am speaking in Jacksonville, FL, on Nov. 12 and Knoxville, TN, on Nov. 14. 
I just spoke before 800 enthusiastic IT executives at the ACT-IAC Conference in Williamsburg, VA. 
Ask me a question and get on national radio. Call 866 323 2538 and leave a message for Science Fantastic. 
Last night I spoke to a sell-out audience at the Center for Houston's Future here in Houston, TX. 
I will be appearing in a new Science Channel series, called Futurescape, from Nov 19 to Dec 24, loosely based on Physics of the Future. 
It was an honor for me to get a standing ovation from the sell-out audience at the Pearl River Com. College, MS, last night. 
It was a great honor to receive a standing ovation from 3,000 financial analysts at the Connected 2013 conference in Las Vegas on Monday. 
I am now on my way to lecture at Koc Univ on Oct 10 in Istanbul for their 20th anniversary 
Congratulations to Drs. Higgs and Englert on winning the Nobel Prize. (If we did not discover the Higgs, it would have been a disaster!) 
Yesterday,it was an honor to meet Kenny Rogers at CBS studios. Today, I lecture to 3,000 financial analysts in Las Vegas. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS News Monday morning at 8:15 EST, speaking about the dangers of meteor impacts. I lecture in Las Vegas on Tuesday 
I just spoke to a sell-out crowd of 2,000 people at Univ. of Colorado, Boulder. Next stop next Tuesday: Las Vegas. 
I just spoke to 4,000 enthusiastic people at the Univ. of Buffalo, SUNY. We filled up the entire sports arena. Next: Boulder, Colo. 10/3. 
Tentatively, I am scheduled to be on CBS News at 8:15 am,early tomorrow morning, 9/25, speaking about weather control. 
I am speaking at the Univ. of Buffalo tomorrow, on 9/25, and at the Univ. of Colorado, Boulder, on 10/3. 
I just spoke at a conference in Yalta, the Ukraine. Other speakers: Bill and Hillary Clinton, Tony Blair, and former PMsof Italy, Germany. 
I just spoke before 3,000 enthusiastic students at Rollins College in Orlando, Florida, about Physics of the Future. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic, we explore the science behind cancer. You can ask a question on national radio by calling 866 323 2538. 
You can call that number, 24/7, anytime day or night, and record a question. The show is heard on 130 radio stations as well. 
You can always ask me a question, on national radio, by calling 866-323-2538 and recording your comment. Best ones get on Science Fantastic. 
Don't miss my national radio show, Science Fantastic, on Sirius XM radio every Saturday, from 6 to 8 pm, on channel 244. 
I appear briefly in the Brad Pitt movie World War Z. I am in the opening segment, where they show newsreels from CNN, etc. 
In Nov., I will be part of a new Science Channel 6 part program. It was called This Changes Everything. The new title Is Futurescape. 
I just got back from a trip to London, taping with BBC for their Science Club program, which airs on BBC-2. 
My radio show, Science Fantastic is on Sirius-XM radio Saturdays from 6 to 8 pm, but moved from channel 166 to 244. 
The CBS interview was cancelled. But I will be on Siriux XM channel 166 is weekend, about the brain. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic: the science of Alzheimer's and Obama's BRAIN project. You can listen on Sirius radio, channel166. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS news tomorrow morning at 7:10 am (ET - Thursday) speaking about the Kepler satellite. 
I will appear as a CBS-TV News science contributer in the mornings, roughly every week or 2 weeks. 
This week, on Science Fantastic, I interview a physicist about the Higgs boson. Also, we discuss world population, food, energy, climate. 
This morning, I spoke on CBS News about the plight of women in science, with the creator of the blog "I f*** love science." 
Last night, I spoke to 600 students here at the U. of Texas as Austin. Sadly, we had to turn away 100 people because we sold out. 
I am also a contributor to CBS News. I will be covering their science stories, mainly in the mornings. 
This week, I will be Discovery Science, on the Aliens: The Definitive Guide program. Also, I am now lecturing in Silicon Valley. 
This weekend on my national radio show, Science Fantastic, I interivew Neil Tyson and Jon Girogini about meteors, comets, new planets, etc. 
I will be on CBS News this morning at around 7:15 am (Monday), speaking about the science behind sinkholes and the recent Florida tragedy. 
I will be on the Colbert Report at 11:30 pm tonight. 
I will be on the Colbert Report tomorrow night, speaking about my cover article appearing in Newsweek, about meteors and asteroids. 
I am now flying to Orlando, FL, where I speak to a robotics conference. 
I just spoke to 2,000 electrical engineers at a trade show in San Diego. I also just finished an article for Newsweek. 
I am also writing an article for Newsweek about these close encounters. 
I will be on CBS News, around 7:30 am on Monday, speaking about the aftermath of the meteor impact. 
I will be on CBS News Friday morning, sometime after 7 am, speaking about the Russian meteor, which shocked so many people. 
Also: this weekend on Science Fantastic radio, I interview an expert on genetics, who talks about our human origins. 
I am scheduled to be CBS News tomorrow (Thursday) morning at around 8:30 am, speaking about the asteroid which will pass by the earth. 
I just spoke to 1,700 students at the Univ. of Nevada at Reno. 
I just did an interview with CBS News about the earthquake. Tomorrow, I lecture in Reno, Nevada, at the university there. 
I just did a taping with the Science Channel. I am co-hosting a new series for them called This Changes Everything (with James Wood). 
Just got back from speaking in Moscow, about how science will impact on the economy., based on Physics of the Future. 
For Newsweek, I wrote an article last week about life in the universe. I just wrote another article about sending animals into space. 
On my radio show Science Fantastic, this weekend we talk about the future of world energy, and how we humans evolved over millions of years. 
The CBs tv interivew for Wed morning was pre-empted, but the Newsweek article went through. 
I will be on CBS-TV tomorrow morning at 8:30 am, speaking about the latest Kepler satellite result (1 in 6 stars has an earth-sized planet). 
I will be on BBC-A TV tonight, at 5:15 pm EST, speaking about exo-planets in space. I am also writing an article for Newsweek about this. 
I just finished an interview on CBS-TV. I do another on CNN International at 1:40 pm, eastern time, speaking about the Mayan calendar. 
Happy Holidays! Celebrate the Mayan New Year on Dec. 22, 2012, the beginning of the next cycle. 
I am scheduled to be on Fox News at 10:45 am ET today to talk about monster solar flares from the sun. 
I just did a taping for Science Channel's special on alien encounters, for March 2013. 
I just spoke to 2,500 IT engineers and professionals here in Barcelona, Spain (just missing yesterday's strike). 
I am now in Salt Lake City speaking to 3000 engineers about the future of supercomputers. 
I will be on CBS at 8:40 am ET today. 
I am scheduled to be on CBS Morning Show,Friday morning, around 7:40 am, ET, about how to prepare for the next hurricane. 
My interview on CBS TV finally aired at 8:45 am ET today concerning global warming. 
I will be on CBS-TV National News at 7:30 am ET Friday morning, speaking about the possible link with global warming and the hurricane. 
I will be doing a short interview on the Today Show today, Thursday, between 7:30 am and 8:30 am ET, about the flood damage. 
My thoughts on Hurricane  
I was on CNN at 2:30 pm but the 4 pm interview was cancelled. But I will be on CNN radio tomorrow. See their web site for details. 
CNN (US) asked me to be their show at 2:30 pm Eastern time today, and CNN (International) asked me to be on at 4pm (again) later today. 
I am scheduled to be on CNN (US) at 2:30 pm today, Tuesday,(Eastern time) to talk about the science of Hurricane Sandy. 
I am scheduled to be on CNN International at 4pm today (Monday) to discuss the science of Hurricane Sandy. 
I am now filming with the Science Channel doing intros for their new science fiction series called Fringe. 
Next week, I speak in Williamsburg, VA on the 28th. 
I just spoke before 500 engineers and executives in LA about the future of technology at an event sponsored by Cisco. 
I will be speaking about science and the economy of the future. 
I am now speaking at the U. Of Chicago. 
Congratulations to Drs. Hroche and Wineland, for their Nobel work on single particle quantum mechanics. Einsteinw was wrong on this one. 
I am happy to say that I had 3 standing ovations for the lectures I delivered at the U. of Texas and the U. of South Florida. 
I am now speaking at the University of Texas Pan Am campus. Off to the Univ. of South Florida on Wednesday. 
I will talk about black holes, strings, and galaxies on TV. 
CNN International just asked me to be on at 1:12 pn today. 
I will be speaking at the Univ. of Texas, Pan Am, on Sept. 24-5, and then at the Univ. fo South Florida in Tampa on Sept. 26. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic radio, we discuss the Chernobyl nuclear accident. It airs on 130 radio stations. 
This weekend on Science Fantastic we discuss if the robots will one day take over. Its on 130 stations 
I am speaking about the home of the future at the Convention Center. 
I speak in Indianapolis later today and tomorrow. 
The number to ask Dr. Kaku a question on national radio is 866-323-2538. You can call 24/7. 
Ask Dr. Michio Kaku any question on national radio. Science Fantastic airs in 130 cities and Sirius XM satellite. See 
On Science Fantastic this weekend, we discuss the mystery of consciousness, and the top 10 disasters that may destroy us, on national radio. 
What Put the Bang in the Big Bang? My Answer: 
I am now speaking before 2000 engineers in Anaheim CA speaking about Physics of the Future 
You can ask me questions and get on national radio by calling 866-323-2538, on anything related to science. 
This weekend, on Science Fantastic (which broadcasts fo 130 radio stations and Sirus XM satellite) we discuss the Human Genome Project. 
Big Think is granting fans free access to my full Dr. Michio Kaku online lecture at Floating University. Click Now -- 
I will be on BBC World (also PBS and BBC America) at 5:20 pm (eastern time) today (Tuesday) speaking about the Mars Curiosity Probe. 
Congratultions to NASA astronomers who found the Phoenix supercluster. It is the Godzilla of clusters, with 25 trillion suns. 
Listen to Science Fantastic, my national radio show on 130 stations and Siriux XM, this weekend. We discuss the GPS and take questions. 
Also on Wednesday, I'm on MSNBC at 4:45 PM EST speaking about the drought situation.   
This Wednesday I'm on CNN International at 1:20 PM EST speaking about new discoveries in galaxies and black holes.   
Be sure to check out my blog "Dr. Kaku's Universe" on Hope you enjoy it! Visit right now: 
Video of my appearance on  Business earlier this week. We talk about   Rover Landing  - 
Wednesday I'll be at an all-day shoot for Science Channel's "Through the Wormhole" with Morgan Freeman. The topic? Wormholes, of course! 
Watch me on  Business tonight discussing  rover  successful surface landing.  
I'll be on  tomorrow morning discussing new danger facing  amp;  at  fault. Echos of  
Thanks to the good people at Twitter for their work with my team to restore control of my account away from hackers. 
This weekend we discuss the brain on my national science radio show on 130 stations. 
I just did an interview on CNN about Pluto, aliens from space, etc. 
Watch How the Universe Works on the Science Channel (new season). I do several interviews there. 
If you fly American Air this month, see their magazine. There is a profile of me in the American Way. 
I will be appearing on TV on the Discovery Channel's How The Universe Works series. 
I just spoke before 250 high tech engineers here in San Francisco. 
I will be appearing in several episodes of How the Universe Works on the Science Channel. Watch local listings for times. 
I will be on CNN Sat. morning, 8:50 am, speaking about the Higgs boson. I wrote a Wall St. Journal editorial on it for July 5. 
I have been very busy, doing interviews with ABC News, NBC News, and MSNBC, Fox, and CNN. Next: an article in the Wall St. Journal. 
It looks like we found the Higgs. If not, we physicists might have had a heart attack. 
I will be on MSNBC tomorrow at 9:30 am talking about the Higgs particle. 
Have they found the Higgs? We will know on Wednesday. I will be on radio and TV to discuss the matter. 
Einstein was right after all (surprise, surprise). Four new experiments at CERN show that neutrinos do not break the light barrier. 
Just spoke to 3600 software engineers here in Orlando. Also signed over 150 copies of Physics of the Future. 
I speak to 3600 software engineers tomorrow in Orlando at an event sponsored by IBM. 
I am now in Orlando , FL. I will be speaking at a conference organized by IBM on Wed. 
I am speaking in Istanbul tomorrow. See 
Congratulations to SpaceX for yesterday's successful launch. The future of commercial space exploration depends on launches like these. 
I will be lecturing in Istanbul, Turkey, at the Istanbul Mineral and Metals Exporters Assocation this Friday. 
I just did a taping for GMA for Friday, about the woman in CA who suffered severe burns after strange rocks caught her shorts on fire 
I just got a standing ovation from 700 students here at Valencia College in Orlando. 
I am giving a public lecture tonight, in New York City, sponsored by WBAI-FM. See for details. 
Science is the Engine of Prosperity  The first sign of decline of an empire is a lack of interest in  
(New Blog Post) The Business of Mining steroids -- xprize PlanetaryRsrcs JimCameron   bigthink 
In about ten years or so, we will see the collapse of Moore's Law - In the future, we will tweak it -- via Techland 
I just spoke to 1300 people in Las Vegas at a conference concerning medicine. 
Is there a Limit to Computing Power with Silicon amp; What's next? Watch the Video Answer  
Addressing Fan Ques-What is the Most Dangerous Technology? Watch the video response via bigthink   
What's the significance of discovering both the largest and smallest black holes in our Universe? Video response  
Do scientists have the responsibility to engage the public on the controversial issues of the day? Watch Video  
The Takeaway Radio Interview (Europe Preparing for Most Detailed Examination of the Sun to Date w/ Launch of Probe)  
We've mapped practically every square mile of the planet Mars, we know more about Mars than the surface of the Earth in fact. 
James Cameron, Google Executives, Billionaires to Mine for Asteroids? Watch the 4/21 Good Morning America Video  GMA 
Qamp;A - Where Are Our Flying Cars and What's the Holdup? Read Full Article  via pcmag  
Qamp;A With Dr. Michio Kaku: Where Are Our Flying Cars? via pcmag 
A Brief Peek into the Future w/ Michio Kaku - Contributor Article by D. DiSalvo Neuronarrative - 
I just gave an interview with NPR about the new Solar Orbiter. Hopefully, it will give us warning of giant solar flares headed towards us. 
I just spoke to 2,200 IT specialists here in Orlando, Florida, and signed about 150 books. 
I am now in Dallas on Earth Day. Just got a standing ovation from the crowd here. 
I was on Good Morning America this morning talking about perhaps mining asteroids, funded privately. 
I am speaking in Dallas this Saturday at 5pm. See  on Twitter 
The Wall Street Journal (The Weekend Interview) "Captain Michio and the World of Tomorrow"  via WSJ scitechfb 
I just got a standing ovation here after lecturing in Yakima, WA. 
About 2400 people attended my lectures at Chattanooga State, a record for them. 
I am now in Chattanooga, TN, speaking at the college here. 
Next week I speak in Chattanooga at the college there. See 
I am now speaking in Orlando, Florida at a conference concerning the future. 
I just returned from Austin, TX, where I spoke to the top software enginners of Pal Pal about the future. 
My book, Physics of the Future, now in paperback, will appear on the NY Times Best Seller list for April 1. 
I just finished writing an article for tomorrow's Wall Street Journal about Einstein's relativity theory being correct. 
My book, Phyiscs of the Future, just hit the New York Times Best Seller List for paperbacks today! 
We have had huge turnouts for my book tour. We have averaged almost 1,000 people per event. 
How Physics Got Fat (And Why We Need to Sing For Our Supper)  via bigthink 
Answering Fan Ques-Do scientists have the responsibility to engage the public on the controversial issues of the day?  
I just flew from Columbus to speak near Dallas, Texas about the future. 
I am about to speak to 6000 school teachers here in Columbus Ohio about the future. 
Great news! A planet with liquid oceans was discovered. This is something straight out of science fiction. Only 22 light years away. 
Become a Fan of Doubleday on FB for a chance to WIN my book, Physics of the Future  Design in Nature by adrianBEJAN  
Addressing fan question "What will be the biggest disaster of 2012 if he had a crystal ball?" Watch the video  
We Are Sitting Ducks for Solar Flares  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- (New Big Think video) 
My appearance on GMA was cancelled for tomorrow, due to election news. 
I am scheduled to be on Good Morning America tomorrow (Thurs) morning at 7 am, concerning the nuclear incident San Onofre in Calif. 
Become a Fan of Doubleday on FB for a chance to WIN my book, Physics of the Future  Design in Nature by adrianBEJAN  
Video Explaining Why String Theory is the Only Show in Town  ---gt;   symmetrymag CERN 
Whether the so-called Higgs Boson, or God particle has been overhyped, and what its discovery would mean for physics  
Become a Fan of DOUBLEDAY on FB for a chance to WIN my book, Physics of the Future  Design in Nature by adrianBEJAN  
The Holy Grail of Planetary Astronomy: The Search for Earth's Twin    ImaginaryFdtn 
(Video Answer to Fan Question) The Holy Grail of Planetary Astronomy: The Search for Earth's Twin  scitechFB 
I will be on a national paperback book tour for Physics of the Future in late Feb. See for details. 
What if Einstein's Theory of Relativity is Wrong? Visit my blog on Big Think to Watch the Video  
Interview with CNN American Morning (12/31) on what to look out for in the New Year  / 
I am scheduled to be on CNN at 9:15 am tomorrow, speaking about the debris from Fukushima hitting our shores. 
I just appeared on CNN this morning, talking about predictions for 2012 in science. 
"San Juan National Forest," Episode 5 of  is now online  
Rebuttal to John Horgan's Response to my WSJ Op Ed -- The God Particle and the Origins of the Universe  scitechfb 
Rebuttal to John Horgan's Response to my Recent WSJ Op-Ed -- The 'God Particle' and the Origins of the Universe  
I wish everyone Happy Holidays! I hope 2012 will be an even better year for science than 2011. 
"Rockingham Landfill," Episode 4 of  is now online  
Why You Need a Time Machine: Watch an excerpt from my Floating Univ lecture explaining String Theory  via bigthink 
When Will We Each Have Our Own Personal Holodeck? Watch the Big Think interview  
What Is Dj Vu? Watch the Big Think interview  
Will We One Day Stop Evolving? Watch the Big Think interview  
(Video) "Metrolina Greenhouse," Episode 3 of  is now online  
That's ABC News on the web. 
I just did an interview for about the top stories of 2011. 
"Crow Lake Wind Farm," Episode 2 of  is now online. 
New Blog Post -- "Finding the Higgs is the Beginning of a Long Quest to Discover a Theory of Everything"  
I just filmed a short interview with Good Morning America, about whether oil can speed up a sled. It should air tomorrow (Sunday). 
I recently participated in  a web series about community efforts to reduce CO2 emissions  
I just finished writing an Op-Ed article for the Wall St. Journal, to appear tomorrow (Friday) about the Higgs boson, and what lies ahead. 
Will We One Day Stop Evolving? Find out my thoughts from the bigthink interview  
When Will We Each Have Our Own Personal Holodeck? Watch my thoughts from the bigthink interview  
Kaku Official / Imaginary Foundation T-Shirt -- Now Offered at Special Holiday Price of $24.00  
Kaku Official / Imaginary Foundation T-Shirt -- Now Offered at Special Holiday Price of $24.00  
I just spoke to 2000 people at the Las Vegas convention center. 
Grab a New Michio Kaku T-Shirt brought to you by the Cosmic Design Forces at the Imaginary Foundation   
After just one day in Paris, I fly back to New York City, and then off to Las Vegas, to do more speeches about the future. 
I am now in Paris, lecturing to international science TV producers (e.g. BBC, PBS, Discovery, NHK, ZDF) about the future of science. 
Curiosity is Set for Launch on Saturday  for its 9-month journey to  -- NASA  SPACEdotcom  
Daily Interview (video clip) Bringing Augmented Reality to your Eyes  with Full Article at 
We are children when we talk about the cosmic scale of energies throughout the entire universe - Watch the Video  
If you missed the Nov 9th TCTConference Keynote - Virtual TCT Delivers On-Demand Viewing of all Presentations  
New Blog Entry - The Noose Around Relativity is Tightening  via bigthink 
New BigThink Blog Post -- 'Tis Here! 'Tis Gone! Dr. Michio Kaku on the Search for Heavy Elements    
We're pleased to announce a new collaboration with the creative forces at ImaginaryFdtn - View the debut T-Shirt  
(They appear in different hours, in this 3 hour show). They talk about evolution, God, purpose in the universe, consciousness, etc. 
Thsi weekend on my radio show, Science Fantastic, I have interviews about two opposites, Richard Dawkins, and Deepak Chopra. 
I will be on the Science Channel tonight (Wed) on Scott Ridley's Prophets of Science Fiction. Check for local listings. 
I just spoke before 6,000 cardiologists here in San Francisco at the Moscone Center. 
Don't Forget to Register to Watch a Free LIVE Stream of my Keynote (Nov 9th) at the TCTConference  at 10:40am (PST) 
Pleased to Announce a New Collaboration with the Creative Forces ImaginaryFdtn - Our T-Shirt has been released  
My book, Physics of the Future, just made Amazon's Top 100 Best Books of 2011. 
I will be on the Science Channel's new series, Prophets of Science Fiction, directed by Scott Ridley, this coming Wednesday. 
Tomorrow, I start filming with BBC TV about a new program about the beginning of the universe and symmetry breaking.I 
I just spoke to 2,000 enthusiastic people in Las Vegas at a major conference on on-line learning. 
Update on the 15,000 Neutrinos That Seemed to Outrace a Beam of Light  
New Blog Entry: Update on the 15,000 Neutrinos That Seemed to Outrace a Beam of Light  via bigthink  
My  Keynote Address on 11/9 will be STREAMED LIVE - Register to Watch it  via TCTConference crfconferences 
When Will We Each Have Our Own Personal Holodeck? Watch the Video at via bigthink   
Pleased to Announce a New Collaboration with the Creative Forces ImaginaryFdtn - Our T-Shirt has been released  
What Is Dj Vu? Watch the bigthink video blog post    ImaginaryFdtn 
I will be on CNBC tonight at 9pm, on a panel speaking about the future of science, jobs, and the economy. Question: are we losing the edge? 
will appear on Discovery Chnl show iGenius: How Steve Jobs Changed the World (Tonight  8pm EST)   
will be appearing tonight on the Discovery Channel  8 PM EST. Hosted by Mythbusters hosts, Adam Savage and Jamie... 
I am surrounded by scores of autograph seekers, many dressed like comic superheros. 
Just did a press conference at Comic Con, with Rod Roddenberry and the Oddities program. 
At  Don't miss me talking about ScienceChannel  at 1:15pm in 1A03: Visit for more information 
I will be speaking at Comic Con in NYC at 1pm today, with the Science Channel (in lower level, Press Area IE15) at the Javits Center. 
hymnforrachel: Thanks for being a superfan  wishing you well from  
Dr. Michio Kaku + Rod Roddenberry + the Oddities crew = New York Comic Con panel awesomeness. If you cant make... 
Today, Dr. Kaku addresses a question posed by EJ Bailey: Can evolution go on forever, or will we one day stop... 
We're pleased to announce a new collaboration with the creative forces at Imaginary Foundation. Introducing KAKU... 
And two weeks ago, I spoke before 1,850 people in Scranton, Penn. Had to turn away 200 people, unfortunately. 
Last night, I spoke before 900 students at Penn. State College. Last week, before 900 students at Univ. of Rhode Island. Huge turnouts. 
We're pleased to announce a new collaboration with the creative forces at ImaginaryFdtn - View the debut item  
Announcement: We're pleased to announce a new collaboration with the creative forces at Imaginary Foundation.... 
I will be at Comic Con this Sat., at 1pm, at the Javits Center in New York, on the Science Channel panel. 
I just did a short Discovery Channel interview about Steve Jobs to air Oct. 16. 
Breaking the Speed of Light and Contemplating the Demise of Relativity  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think --... 
Today, Dr. Kaku addresses a question posed by Steven Lee Spall: There has been talk of a space elevator for a... 
If that great visionary Steve Jobs could have lived a bit longer, scientists might have been able to grow a new pancreas from his own cells. 
I bet the recent neutrino experiment is flawed. It contradicts the 1987 supernova neutrino result. 
I just spoke before 1850 people at the Scranton Cultural Center, a record. 200 people had to be turned away. 
Breaking the Speed of Light and Contemplating the Demise of Relativity  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think --... 
(New Blog Post) Breaking the Speed of Light and Contemplating the Demise of Relativity  -    
I just wrote on op-ed article for the Wall Street Journal for Monday about relativity. 
What shape will the future take? Dr. Kaku explains which technological advances will remain confined to the pages... 
(New ABC News Interview Link Added to bottom of blog entry, Forget Alien Invasions - Space Junk is the Real... 
Famed Physicist Celebrates Innovation with Rose-Hulman - Dr. Kaku will receive the Excellence in Innovation Award... 
I will do the interview from Indianapolis. I am speaking at Rose-Holman Institute. 
I might be on Good Morning America Friday morning at 7:10 am eastern talking about that falling satellite. 
Forget Alien Invasions - Space Junk is the Real Menace from Space!  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think --... 
I travel to Detroit tomorrow to film with How the Universe Is Made 
I am now filming with Thru the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman. 
The Universe in a Nutshell: Dr. Michio Kaku On the Physics of the Impossible via bigthink 
The Universe in a Nutshell: Dr. Michio Kaku On the Physics of the Impossible  Floating University  Big Think --... 
(Exclusive 4-minute Video Clip on String Theory, Hidden Dimensions, Wormholes, and the Multiverse) Become a Fan of... 
(New Blog Post): Forget Alien Invasions - Space Junk is the Real Menace from Space!  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big... 
Forget Alien Invasions - Space Junk is the Real Menace from Space! -- Read the New Blog Entry  
(New Blog Post): Forget Alien Invasions - Space Junk is the Real Menace from Space!  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big... 
(New Blog Post) Forget Alien Invasions - Space Junk is the Real Menace from Space!  via bigthink  
Some people seek meaning in life through personal gain, through personal relationship, or through personal... 
From Webmaster: Please visit to see the remaining autographed books that are... 
From Webmaster: All delayed orders are currently being dispersed and you should receive them within a week or so -... 
RE: The Large Hadron Collider "This is a huge step toward unraveling Genesis Chapter 1, Verse 1  what happened in... 
From Webmaster: All delayed orders are currently being sent out and you should receive them within a week or so.... 
From Webmaster: Become a Fan of The Floating University on the new Fanpage  for real time... 
Welcome to The Floating University: Big Think Launches E-Learning Platform. Great Big Ideas delivers an... 
The fever has broke. The eye has passed Manhattan, going into New England. Violent rains and winds have subsided. 
The eye of the hurricane is now a few miles from here, with torrential rains, hurricane-force winds, and breach of the sea wall in lower NY. 
Sitting in Manhattan, I am not too far from the eye of the hurricane. This is what it must be like to fall into black hole. 
The Cheapest Way to Terraform Mars via bigthink 
Mother Nature is showing who's boss. I am now sitting in Manhattan, waiting for the fury of Hurricane Irene to hit on Sunday. 
The Possible Discovery of the Higgs Will Shake the Foundations of Physics  
The East Coast Earthquake is a Wake Up Call  --  bigthink scitechFB MyGrayMatter   
The East Coast Earthquake is a Wake Up Call  Should Serve as a Warning of How Unprepared We Actually Are -- 
Interview with Good Morning America has been cancelled. But I will do an interview with Discovery Channel. 
Will be on Nightlife tonight and Good Morning America tomorrow. 
Just did ABC Evening News. 
From Webmaster - Just a few more autographed Michio Kaku books available  -- All delayed pkgs currently being sent 
The last ten blog entries from Dr. Kaku's Universe  
MARS Updates Including The Curiosity Rover, The Flow of Liquid Water and Possible Manned Missions  via bigthink 
(Interview Clip) In the near future, robots will be our fiercest competitors in the workplace - 
I will be on MSNBC-TV today at 4:40 pm, speaking about Alien Invasions, a Discovery Channel TV program (Curiosity). 
I am now lecturing on the beautiful Oregon coast outside of Portland. 
I will be on the Discovery Channel's Curiosity program on Sunday, Aug. 14, speaking about a possible alien invasion. 
I will be on the Discovery channels Curiosity program Sunday night commenting about God and physics. 
(New Blog Post) Has the Brain Drain of Top Scientists Caused the US to Lose Its Edge? Read my thoughts  
You can see the entire program on the web. 
Appearing along side Ray Kurzweil, Steve Wozniak, Dean Kamen, Deepak Chopra, and others at Lincoln Center yesterday was quite an adventure! 
I will be on Canadian Broadcasting around 7:30 pm tonight, and then on CNN sometime before 8:30 pm, speaking about Fukushima. 
I will be on CNN tonight after 8pm, speaking about the Fukushima disaster. I will also be on Curiosity on the Discovery Channel next week. 
Tomorrow, I tape another segment of How the Universe Works for the Discovery Channel. 
I just taped an interview about God, religion, science, etc. for "Curiosity" on the Discovery Channel (wth Stephen Hawking) 
Last night, I spoke before 5,000 enthusiastic young people in Mexico City at the huge Campus Party event. These are the future of Mexico. 
(New Big Think Blog Entry) What Killed the Dinosaurs? The Mystery Continues to Deepen...  
Right now, I am speaking in Mexico City at a high tech conference. Speakers include Al Gore, Tim Berners-Lee, Vincent Cerf, Ray Kursweil. 
From Webmaster (Michael Phillips): Feel free to follow me MyGrayMatter for Upcoming Daily Updates and Developments on Science  Technology 
Blog Entry: The World of Nanotechnology  via bigthink scitechfb 
Tomorrow (Wed.) I tape with the Discovery Channel's How the Universe works, for the next season's show. 
I just taped an interivew for Dr. Neil de Grasse Tyson's radio show, to air Sunday, about superheros. 
Visit to learn how you can participate in the upcoming LIVE Transcendent Man event by tweeting your ?'s using  
I tape with the Discovery channel next week for their How the Universe works series. 
I go on Fox News at 12:20 pm today talking about dinosaurs and meteors. 
Dr. Kaku Attending LIVE Panel Discussion for Transcendent Man and How You Can Participate  Guest Post by MyGrayMatter 
LIVE Aug 3rd Transcendent Man Event: A Conversation about the Future   Tweet Your Questions to the Panel with  
Dr. Michio Kaku, Ray Kurzweil, and more in a historic conversation about the future. Watch it LIVE  cinemas nationwide! 
From Dr. Kaku's Webmaster - MyGrayMatter : Visit where Daily Sci Tech News and Developments are Posted on Facebook!! 
Are 3 simultaneous nuclear crises an accident? Read my thoughts at drkakusuniverse   mygraymatter 
Preparing for the 100 Year Storm and Wondering if the Three Simultaneous Nuclear Crises are an Accident? (Part 2/2)  
United States Hit With a Triple Nuclear Threat - How Dangerous is it? Find out at   scitechFB 
I just did a taping with AOL and their You've Got... web series. It should' be up shortly. 
I will also be on CNN news at around 9:10 am Wednesday morning. 
I will be on Good Morning America briefly on Wednesday morning. 
I will be on CNN's Eliot Spitzer show tonight at 8 pm, speaking about the floods and fires threatening our nuclear sites. 
From webmaster: Sales stop on July 1st so this is your last chance to purchase an autographed Michio Kaku book  
I will be on MSNBC TV at 3:10 pm today. 
I just appeared on Good Morning America. I will appear on Fox News at around 9 am today (Tuesday), about the twin nuclear threats. 
I am scheduled to be on Good Morning America tomorrow (Tuesday) morning around 7 am, speaking about the twin nuclear crises. 
I just did a taping with ABC's Nightline, to air at 11:30 pm, about the threat to Los Alamos and also the Nebraska reactors. 
But so far, flood waters from the Missouri river have not yet overwhelmed the Cooper Station and Ft. Calhoun nuclear reactors. 
Good Morning America asked to be on standby Monday morning just in case the flooding at the US nuclear power plants gets worse. 
New Blog Entry: The Ancient Greeks and the First Total Lunar Eclipse of 2011. Read in full  bigthink scitechFB 
It airs in a few months as part of their Curiosity series. 
I just did an interview with the Discovery Channel about when the machines become more intelligent than us. 
I will report on CNN that the Fukushima disaster will be the most expensive industrial accident in world history. 
I will be on CNN tonight on In The Arena. 
New Blog Entry -- Three-Month Update of Fukushima Accident and the Flood of New Information Coming Out   
New Big Think Blog Entry: Physicists Discover New Forms of Matter  Add to the Periodic Table  bigthink scitechFB 
Power company covered up level of nuclear contamination, and rabbit in Japan born without ears - Coincidence? via cnn 
Just flew in from Dallas, then to CNN studios in NY. Will be on Spritzes show tonight. 
New Big Think Blog Entry: Physicists Discover New Forms of Matter  Add to the Periodic Table  
Today, I am in Dallas, TX, talking about the future of medicine and technology. 
Yesterday morning, I was on Fox talking about strange markings on Mars. In the afternoon, I was on MSNBC talking about our strange weather. 
Yesterday, I spoke to about 200 of the top engineers at Amazon.com in Seattle about the next 100 years. 
I will be on CNN tonight with Elliot Switzer talking about the future of nukes. 
I apologize to the graduates in Indiana who had to watch a video of my speech in my Moscow hotel, but the video tape seemed to work well. 
My plane failed in Moscow, so I could not give my graduation speech in Indiana on Friday. However, I videoed my talk and Skyped it in time. 
Thank goodness those days are gone. 
I am now at Moscow airport. There is an old proverb, that only in Russo is the past unpredictable. 
Tomorrow, I fly from Moscow to New York, then on to Indianapolis. 
In Moscow, I received a fantastic reception by 500 people. The Q and A lasted 90 minutes. 
I am now speaking in Moscow to 500 people. 
NEW BLOG ENTRY: We Will Become Like the Gods We Once Feared  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think  
Science Friday Video Interview at the Office  
I hope the Icelandic eruption does not cancel NY to Moscow flights. 
I just hope that the volcano will interfere with mug flight from NY to Moscow. 
The Russians are serious about trying to catch up to the west. 
I leave tomorrow to lecture in Moscow. 
The Paradox of Multiple Goldilocks Zones or "Did the Universe Know We Were Coming?"  
Don't quit your day job before May 21. Don't tell your friends what you really think of them. You may live to see May 22. 
I just did a 30 min. webinar with the Discovery Channel, broadcast to 750 high schools, about the Fukushima disaster. It's on their web site 
I will be on the Don Imus radio show at around 8:45 am (Eastern time) today (Wednesday). 
Can We Control the Weather? Find out  bigthink 
Next I speak at City College in NY at 5:30 later today. 
The conference was sponsored by SAP. 14000 are here but only 7000 could fit. 
I just spoke before 7000 people here in Orlando Florida at a computer conference. 
Visit the Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog   Check out the Big Think Fanpage on Facebook  - Enjoy! 
New Blog Entry: November 8th Flyby of Asteroid Will Come Within the Distance of the Earth and Moon  
My last stop on my book tour is the City College of NY on Monday at 5:30. See www.mkaku.org for details. 
We had 400 people at the Hayden Planetarium last night. A sell out audience. 
New Blog Entry: Scientists Find Einstein's "Missing Inch" (Once Again Proving Correctness of GR) - Read  
New addition: I will speak on May 16 at 5:30 pm, at the City College of NY, in Shepard Hall, at 138th st. and Convent Ave. See mkaku.org. 
Since every lecture during my book tour as sold out, we decided to add one more event on the tour. 
Telepathy Is Easier Than You Think  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think --   bigthink 
New 2100physics Book Tour Date  Location on May 16th  CCNY - Visit for details and RSVP Info 
Become a Fan of Sci Tech  for daily news stories, interviews, and updates from around the planet and all dimensions! 
Find out Why Shuttle Endeavor's Payload May Carry the Secrets to Understanding our Universe  
SETI Pulls the Plug on the 42-Telescope Allen Array - What's Next? Read the blog  setiinstitute  
Can we Upload Information (Skills) into our Brains like in 'The Matrix'? -- 
Find out how locating the Higgs could move science toward the development of the long-sought Theory of Everything  
Finding the Higgs Boson will open the the floodgates for a whole new branch of theoretical physics daily 
The Possible Discovery of the Higgs will Shake the Foundations of Physics  Includes daily Video Interview 
Become a Fan of Big Think at (Visit their website BigThink.com to visit my blog, Dr. Kaku's Universe) 
Find out my Thoughts on Why Quantum Physics Ends the Free Will Debate  
Why are Batteries so Primitive? Find out my thoughts  --- bigthink    
Explore some of the possibilities of Time Travel with Michio Kaku  Charles Liu  livescience SPACEdotcom 
Interview with Thom Hartmann: Conversations with Great Minds - Michio Kaku, Part 2 via youtube scitechfb 2100physics 
Interview with Thom Hartmann: Conversations with Great Minds - Michio Kaku, Part 1 via youtube scitechfb 2100physics 
Why Your Head is Younger Than Your Feet? Find out  drkakusuniverse scitechfb  
Why are Batteries so Primitive? Find out Dr. Kaku's thoughts  bigthink    
Tonight, from 7pm, I will be in Brooklyin, at an event organized by BBC-TV, honoring the Dr. Who. I will be talking about time travel. 
Tomorrow, Tuesday night, I speak at the BBC-TV event in NYC honoring the Dr. Who series. The topic is: the science of time travel. 
Whheeew! Just finished my 10 city book tour. Every city was sold out. I apologize to those who were turned away. 
I go on the Bill Maher show shortly. 
Find out my Thoughts on Why Quantum Physics Ends the Free Will Debate  
Find out my thoughts on How to Reverse Aging  
I just appeared on Democracy Now! this morning. This Friday evening, I will be on HBO's Bill Maher show. 
So far, the number of people attending each lecture on the book tour have been between 300 to 800 people. Next is Chicago. 
On my book tour, I just scored a new record. I signed 210 books in one night (at the univ. in Minneapolis). But it took over an hour! 
Is it Time to Appoint a Body of Top Scientists to Succeed the Fukushima Utility? -- Find out my thoughts  
So far, Physics of the Future has been on the NY Times Best Seller list for 3 weeks. 
Big success in Seattle for the book tour! The biggest crowds yet turned up: 800 at Town Hall and 300 at Microsoft, for a total of 1,100. 
Find out The Cheapest Way to Terraform Mars   scitechfb   
You may visit for links to live Web Feeds where you can watch the opening bell ceremony nasdaqomx sciencechannel 
Will be a part of the NASDAQ opening bell ceremony (Today  9:15-9:30am) along with other Science Chnl Hosts  Gnrl Mgr, Debbie Adler Myers 
The reactors are stable in a sense of hanging by your fingernails, off a cliff and they break off 1 by 1  
Hanging by your Fingernails - The Fukushima Meltdown  
Read the Introduction to my Newly Released Book, Physics of the Future!  2100physics scitechfb 
The Technological Singularity and Merging With Machines -- bigthink scitechfb transcendentman Re-Tweet 
I am now in Zurich, the land of Einstein. Too bad I am here only one day. 
Is a photon engine possible and could it be used to power a spaceship? Find out  
Become a Fan of the BigThink FB Fanpage  (Don't forget to visit the Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog) 
Japanese Radiation Mystery: "Where is all the Radiation Coming From?"  
I am now speaking in Zurich, Switzerland (the land of Einstein) at a conference about the future. I'll be back in NYC tomorrow. 
Physics of the Future hit  on the NY Times best seller list this week, and goes to  next week. Thank you to all of you who purchased it! 
Why are there only 11 dimensions in the universe rather than something higher? -- 
So far, Physics of the Future is a best seller,  on the NY Times best seller list, as well as the Borders, Barnes and Noble. 
I now fly out to Zurich tonight to speak at a conference. Then I fly back, and resume the book tour in Seattle and Minn. See www.mkaku.org 
Find out how The Universe Is a Symphony of Vibrating Strings     
So far, it has been standing room only at every single event. I apologize to those who could not get in. 
I am now flying back to NYC. Tomorrow, I speak at a conference in Zurich, Switzerland. But I only stay 1 day. 
Blunder and Confusion at Fukushima Reactor On Sunday - 
I just filled up the entire auditorium of the Exploratorium in San Francisco. Next is the Commonwealth Club in Silicon Valley. 
This is the best book tour yet! The crowds, the enthusiasm, the excitement, for Physics of the Future are by far the best! 
Another Setback at Reactor Creates Race Against Time  
"Breach of Containment" in Japan? (The Three Most Feared Words in the Lexicon of a Nuclear Scientist) - 
I am now at the LA airport, about to fly to SF. 
Another standing room only event in LA at Cal Tech. I want to thank everyone who made my book a best seller. 
I am now flying to LA to speak at Cal Tech. So far every event has been an overflow. 
Now, after doing GoodMorning America, I fly to LA. 
We had roughly 350 people in Boston and Portland for the book tour. Also, standing room only in Oakland. 
Huge turnouts for my book tour. 350 people in Boston and also Portland. Standing room only. 
BOOK TOUR: Today (3-25) at 6pm at Chabot Space and Science Center in Oakland, CA. Visit for Ticketing Information 
I will be on the Rachel Maddox show on MSNBC tonight at 6:30 pm and Good morning America tomorrow morning at 7 am. 
I am now lecturing in the Boston Museum of Science about Physics of the Future. 
Why We Can't "Fire the Photon Torpedos" -- Find out my thoughts at bigthink 2100physics scitechfb 
Just did Good Morning America. Will be on MSNBC after 10:15 am today. Crisis getting worse. 
I will be on Fox and MSNBC today several this. New set back in Japan. Pumps not working. 
Video of Last Night's Appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman at CBSTweet   
Spent fuel pond boiling. Dangerous. I will be on Good Morning America in a few minutes. 
See Facebook.com/2100physics to follow my book tour. I will be on Letterman and Nightlife tonight. 
I am tentatively scheduled to be on Good Morning America tomorrow morning. 
I am now at CBS studio taping for the Letterman Show tonight. 
Confirmed. I will be on the David Letterman show. Taping stars at 3:30 today. 
I am now taping with the Dr. Oz show. It will air in 2 weeks. About radiation health effects. 
Response to the Book Tour has Been Overwhelming - Just Signed 96 Copies - All Sold Out Again! Read the Introduction  
Response to the book tour has been overwhelming. I just signed 96 copies of Physics of the Future. All sold out again. 
What future energy source will solve our energy crisis? Find out my thoughts  
Per a Discovery Last Month - Andromeda Offers Clues Into the Formation of Galaxies Including Our Own  
Question: If Scientists Create Quantum Computers, Will We Need Computer Memory? Find out my thoughts  
So far, the response to my book tour has been overwhelming, the best yet! Also, I might be on the David Letterman show tomorrow night. 
New Blog Entry: As of Sunday, We are Entering into a Decisive Turning Point for the Reactor Crisis in Japan 
Wow. We had a standing room crowd again in DC. I signed all 120 books of Physics of the Future. They actually ran out of books. 
I am off to D.C. I will sign copies of Physics of the Future at the Air and Space Museum at 3 pm. 
Physics of the Future, out j ust this week, is climbing up Amazon's list. It's currently  
I will be on CNN around 8:30 pm tonight, speaking about the race against time to stabilize the melting reactors. 
How to Program a Quantum Computer - Find out how  
Next Book Tour Stop 3-19 at the National Air and Space Museum in Wash. DC. Read the Full Intro to the Book  
I will also be on Good Morning America at 7am on Friday morning, giving the latest updates on the Japanese crisis. 
I will be on Coast to Coast tonight from 2 pm to 5pm, eastern time, with George Noory, speaking about my book, Physics of the Future. 
Visit for your daily dose of Sci-Tech News and feel free to also follow scitechfb - Join the Community! 
Read The Introduction to my Newly Released Book, Physics of the Future  
I will be on Fox at 9:45 am. MSNBC at 10:30. MSNBC at 11. NPR at 1:30 pm. MSNBC at 9 pm. XM Sirius at 9:30 pm. And Coast to Coast at 2 am. 
Last night's book signing was beyond expections: I signed 90 books. We had a standing room audience here in New York. 
Re-Tweet for ONE Last Chance to Win Today's Book of the Day Giveaway (Physics of the Future) 2100physics 
Re-Tweet this for a Chance to WIN a Free Copy Today! You May Read the Introduction    
The Introduction to my Newly Released Book, Physics of the Future! Read it at  michiokaku 
How to Program a Quantum Computer  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
I go on Good Morning America in an hour. Workers being evacuated. Radiation levels near lethal. 
I am lecturing in Mexico City. I will be on Good Morning America via satellite Wed. morning. Bad news: workers abandoning melting reactors. 
Exercise the "Chernobyl Option," i.e. repeat what the Soviets did and entomb the reactors in concrete  
The Technological Singularity and Merging With Machines  
Michio Kaku on the next 100 years: "The Matrix" cometh  The Economist - VIDEO  via theeconomist drkakusuniverse 
We have not yet hit the point of no return. But when we do, I think the only option left is this one - 
If I Had the Ear of the Prime Minister, I Would Recommend the "Chernobyl Option" - Find out my thoughts  
Visit to find out how to Enter the Physics of the Future Book a Day Giveaway Contest 
This is a desperate option. But desperate times deserve desperate solutions. But it may eventually be the last option. 
i.e. Put the Japanese Air Force on standby alert: Assemble helicopters and thousands of tons of sand and concrete, and bury the reactors. 
I suggest: exercise the "Chernobyl Option," i.e. repeat what the Soviets did and entomb the reactors in concrete forever. It worked in 1986 
I will be on Good Morning America in a few minutes discussing the deteriorating situation in Japan. 
What future energy source will solve our energy crisis? Find out my thoughts    michiokaku 
I am on my way to lecture in Mexico City. Will try to be on Good Morning America tomorrow at 7 by satellite 
No Bottom in Sight! We are witnessing a science experiment with the emergency teams making steps up as they go along - 
No Bottom in Sight for Nuclear Disaster with Every Hour Bringing More Bad News  -    
I will be on the Evening News with Diane Sawyer at 6:30 pm giving an update. 
Update: 3 reactors are in various stages of melting or core damage. Situation currently is stable but very uncertain. 2 explosions. 
I am scheduled to be on The View on ABC at 11 am today, in another hour, speaking about the tragedy in Japan. 
Accident is getting worse. We have not yet hit bottom. 
I am now on Good Morning America talking about nuclear disasters. 
I will be on Good Morning America Monday morning starting 7 am speaking about nukes spiraling out of control in Japan. 
Physics of the Future Book a Day Giveaway Starting on 3-15. Enter by Tweeting Hashtag  and Become Fan  
Physicist Michio Kaku: 'Physics of the Future' - Newsweek Share ---gt;  michiokaku  
Workers with Full Blown Radiation Sickness as  Disaster Worsens in  with 2 Partial Meltdowns Read More  
2 Partial Meltdowns as Nuclear Disaster Worsens in      
I will be on Good Morning America at 8 am this Sunday morning, talking about the 2 partial meltdowns in Japan. 
Anything (a broken pipe, a secondary earthquake, loss of water, etc.) can set off a meltdown. 
The situation changes hourly and the reactor is stable, but this is an illusion-It is sitting on a knife's edge. ead 
Is the Japanese Reactor in the Early Stages of Another Chernobyl? Find out my thoughts    
Japanese Nuclear Power Plant is Spiraling Out of Control! (New Blog Entry)     
Hydrogen/steam explosion damages the nuke. Early stages of another Chernobyl? 
I will be on Good Morning America at 8 am today. Explosion at nuke! Meltdown in progress? 
I am now on 20/20, discussing the Japanese earthquake. 
I will be ABC TV Evening News tonight talking about nukes in Japan. 
Featurette for 'Source Code' with MichioKaku - A New Sci-Fi Thriller with Jake Gyllenhaal and Michelle Monaghan) 
I am now at ABC News with Diane Sawyer, covering the tragedy unfolding in Japan. I hope that the crippled nuclear power plant is stable. 
Contest to WIN a copy of my new book,  Ends Today  8am EST - Submit your Entry  -   
LAST CHANCE to WIN a Copy of Physics of the Future -- Find out how     
I will be on Canadian Broadcasting this weekend talking about making contact with intelligent aliens. 
I am now at MIT meeting the Board of the Science channel. 
I will be talking about giant solar flares. 
I am on Bloomberg TV in 15 more minutes. 
The Next Stage of Human Civilization  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think    
I will on Good Morning America briefly tomorrow morning speaking about mysterious die-offs of fish in LA. 
I just did a video interview with The Daily, a new web based magazine, about Physics of the Future for after Mar. 15th. 
Contest to WIN a Copy of Physics of the Future: How Science will Change Daily Life by 2100   
Mankind Has Stopped Evolving - Find out why  
Could We Transport Our Consciousness Into Robots?  
The Digital Age in an Analog World  
What Will the Next Decade Bring for Medicine?  
Shuttle Discovery - The End of an Era  Start of a New One?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think  
I am making final changes on my 10 city book tour. See www.mkaku.org for details. 
I am putting final details on my 10 city book tour. See www.mkaku.org for details. 
I will be on MSNBC in a few minutes. 
I go on MSNBC at 10:45 am in a few minutes. 
Tomorrow morning (Friday) around 10:15 am, I will be on MSNBC-TV, talking about how humanity is causing the 6th mass extinction of life. 
Has Mankind Has Stopped   
The Technological Singularity and Merging With Machines   
What will we gain if we eventually discover the Theory of Everything?   
Follow Physics of the Future 2100physics - All tweets using the hashtag  are being tracked by my webmaster for a new contest! 
Will we Reverse the Aging Process in Our Lifetimes?  
Regenerative Medicine and the Human Body Shop --  
How to Reverse Aging  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think 
The Technological Singularity and Merging With Machines  Big Think   
Details to be worked out. But I will be a columnist for Newsweek magazine. Sounds like an exciting opportunity. 
New Big Think blog entry -- The Technological Singularity and Merging With Machines  
I just finished taping all today yesterdy for the Science Channel's Through the Wormhole series, with Morgan Freeman. 
i just did an interview for the Economist about my new book, Physics of the Future, about the next 100 years, which comes out in mid-March. 
What will we gain if we eventually discover the Theory of Everything? Find out   
I will appear on BBC America tonight around 7:30 pm talking about the mission to the planet Mercury, which is entering orbit. 
Subscribe to the Dr. Kaku's Universe (Big Think Blog) Weekly Newsletter by Visiting  
RSVP for upcoming book tour locations for Physics of the Future by Michio Kaku   
RSA Conference 2011 Keynote Webcast Video   
DC, Portland, Seattle, Chicago, Minn. , etc. See mkaku.org for updates. See you there! 
I am finalizing my book tour for Physics of the Future, about the next 100 years. So far I will be in Boston, NY, SF... 
Andromeda Offers Clues Into the Formation of Galaxies Including Our Own  
I will be on MSNBC at 11:45 am (Eastern tiime) today talking about the recent gigantic solar flare. 
We dodged the bullet. The bulk of the huge solar flare apparently passed behind the earth, minimizing damage to satellites, power stations.. 
Whew. I just finished speaking to 5,000 people at the RSA conference in SF. (I leave it to Bill Clinton to close the conference tomorrow). 
I will be on MSNBC Friday morning (11 am) via satellite hookup from SF, discussing the flareup on the sun, the largest since 2006. 
5,000 people are here in SF for the RSA conference. I speak in a few hours. Ex-President Clinton speaks tomorrow. 
Try to use the hashtag  or  when tweeting about the new book and the upcoming book tour. Thanks for your Support! 
Become a fan of Physics of the Future on the new FB Fanpage  (Stay Updated) 
Follow Physics of the Future (Stay updated on the book tour and upcoming lectures) 2100physics 
I'm at JFK airport, on my way to speak at the RSA conference in San Francisco. I will be signing books as well. 
IBM's Watson computer just bested the two human superstars of Jeapardy! This has huge implications. See my blog for more details. 
Mankind Has Stopped Evolving  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
I am now filming the intro to the Science Channels new sci fi series, Firefly. Tomorrow I fly to SF. 
Congratulations to the people of Egypt! I wish them well as they plot their future. Now comes the hard part: making freedom work. 
Science  Music -- Physics is nothing but the laws of harmonies on a string 
The Search for Antimatter  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
I will be a keynote speaker at the huge RSA computer conference  in San Fran. on Feb. 17. See you there. I will be signing books. 
I will be on Fox TV at 3:20 speaking about asteroids. And on Thursday, I will be on ABC7 in DC speaking about the weather. 
First Ever Panoramic View of the Sun Released by NASA (New Big Think Blog Entry) 
Physics of the Future Book Tour Dates  Locations  
See www.mkaku.org for a complete list of cities and dates for the book tour. 
I will be in Boston, DC, LA, SF, Seattle, Portland, NYC, Chicago, Minn., for my book tour with Physics of the Future. See you there! 
My national book tour is now on my web site www.mkaku.org. Maybe I will be signing your book. 
Physics of the Future Book Tour Dates  Locations  
Three phases of revolutions: 1) mass protest, government falls 2) bickering among new leaders 3) small minority seizes power (??). 
Re Egypt - those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable - RFK 
I am now at CBS studios in NY. I will be on the CBS Early show around 7 am today speaking again about the crazy weather. 
I will be on briefly on WNBC TV (local NY) at 5 pm today, Tuesday, talking about the crazy weather. 
I am racing from Phoenix to NYC to beat the snowstorm and do an NBC interview tomorrow. 
Big Think will be hosting a live webcast on The Future of Search on the 1st - Visit for more details. 
Want to ask me a question and get on 130 radio stations? Call 866 323 2538 anytime. See www.mkaku.org for a list of radio stations. 
I just landed in Phoenix to keynote a conference. (But the TV interview for tonight has been canceled.) 
I'm on my way now to Phoenix, AZ, to speak about science, risk, and the economy to a group of executives and economists. 
I can always lecture to other physicists, but it is vital to reach those who are ignorant or even hostile to science. 
Some may laugh or snicker, but my philosophy about the media is this: it's better to engage non-scientists than to preach to the choir. 
I will be on the Geraldo Rivera Show on Fox this Sunday night, sometime around 10 pm, discussing alien life in space. 
What's Behind the Monster Snowstorms?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
I will be talking about the extreme weather, and also super volcanoes. 
I will be on the Today show at 7:05 am today, and CNN at 7:40 am and again at 9:10 am on CNN. 
Jan 26th MSNBC Interview Clip about the Hubble Galaxy Discovery can be seen on the most recent blog entry  
Astronomers Discover World's Oldest Galaxy  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
I will be on the NBC Today show tomorrow morning (Thursday) at 7:05 am, with Matt Lauer, speaking about our crazy weather. 
Practical Applications And Potential Improvements of Cryogenics And Suspended Animation - New Blog Entry - 
I will be commenting about the NASA press conference about the Humble. 
I will be MSNBC at 2:40 Eastern time today, speaking about the new Hubble discovery. 
Then on Thursday morning, I might be on CNN News commenting about the dangers of supervolcanoes. 
Unless there is a change, I will be on Fox News Wed. morning, 9:40 am, Eastern, commenting on NASA's new announcement concerning Hubble. 
... about the Hubble space telescope. Might be big. 
TV stations have been calling me about a new NASA press conference for Wedneaday about the Humble. 
Here in Saudi Arabia, people like Bill Clinton and Tony Blair are co-keynote speakers. But now I fly back to New York City. 
Here in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, we will discuss energy, the world economy, the future, science, and even life in space. 
I just arrived in Saudi Arabia. I am speaking at a major international conference in the Capitol. CNN is covering it. 
The Nintendo 3DS: The Technology Behind a New Generation of 3D Gaming Consoles - New Big Think Blog Entry 
Can We Download Our Brains?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
Eventually all computer and video screens may use lenticular tech. I discuss it in my new book, Physics of the Future, my new book 
The screen has many vertical lines, each acting as a prism, splitting the image for the left and right separately, without glasses 
Just did an interview with GTV about Nintendo's 3D without glasses. This could be big. It involves lenticular technology. 
Back From Extinction? Scientist Plan To Clone Woolly Mammoth  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
The space program, particle physics, stem cell research- the US is gradually losing its edge. 
It seems that the US is slowly losing its leadership in science. The "Vatican" for physics will be in Geneva not the US. 
It's a sad day for US physics. The government just announced that the Tevatron accelerator will be closed in Sept. 
Now leaving Rio for New York. You don't fully appreciate the US until you leave it. 
The constellations of astrology are all out of date by thousands of years. Here in the southern hemisphere they are all different. 
Wild fluctuations in the weather, rather than simple uniform heating, is also consistent with global warming. 
Wild weather seems everywhere. Here in Brazil it killed 500. But it is largely random. 
In Brazil, its 85 degrees, while the US is frozen, so the seasons are due to the tilt of the earth, not its distance from the sun. 
The beach here at Ipanema in Rio is magnificent. Traveling to exotic places is a perk of being a physicist. 
Colliding Galaxies in a Expanding Universe? -- (Wednesday QA) Big Think 
I just visited Rio's huge planetarium, the same size as the one in New York City. The Brazilians take their science museums very seriously. 
What Is Really Causing the Spate of Sudden Animal Deaths?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
It's tragic that it is easier for the severely mentally ill to get a gun than adequate medical care. 
I am now flying to Brazil to advise their Museum of Tomorrow, which uses many of my ideas of the future. 
What Will the Next Decade Bring for Medicine? -- 
The Digital Age in an Analog World -- 
What Will the Next Decade Bring for Medicine?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
Michio Kaku  Secret Life of Scientists  Engineers  PBS -- 
Personal Genome Sequencing Technology is Now Faster and CheaperAnd Fits on a Tabletop (Big Think) 
Revisit over 100 posts from 2010 on Dr. Kaku's Universe (Blog hosted at Big Think) 
Appearance on Good Morning America (Dec 30th) examining the likelihood of natural disasters occurring in 2011 
will be on Good Morning America tomorrow at roughly 7:45am (Thursday) speaking about disasters that happened in 2010 
is now on Reddit  
I am on the new Digg! You should follow me at 
-- Ice Volcano Identified on Titan (Dr. Kaku's Universe - Big Think) 
Rare Cosmic Event to Transpire Tuesday Morning -- Read my new Blog Post about the upcoming Lunar Eclipse  
The Metaphysics of Teleportation - Big Think Blog Post -- 
Scientists Discover the First Carbon-Rich PlanetWhich May Have Mountains of Diamonds -- 
"The Colbert Report," "Conan," and Science Education  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think  
A New Era for NASA?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
Fusion Really Is 20 Years Away  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
Optical Lift May Allow Us to Steer Solar Sail Spacecrafts and Nano Devices -- 
Visit my Facebook Notes to read my new WSJ Op-ED "Life As We Don't Know It" http://www.facebook.com/home.php? 
Conan is BACK! Don't miss Dr. Kaku this Thursday, December 9th, when he appears as Conan's special guest. CONAN on TBS at 11PM ep (10c ). 
- Harvard Scientists Claim to Reverse Aging in Mice (Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog  Big Think) 
What will NASA Reveal at its Press Conference on Astrobiology?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
Will be on MSNBC at 9:30 am EST and FOX at 10:30 am, speaking about NASA's announcement on Astrobiology-NASA News Conf  2pm - See Nasa.gov 
A Brief History of Moore's Law and The Next Generation of Computer Chips  Semiconductors - 
X-Ray Vision and Telepathy Already Exist -- 
Can a Universe Create Itself Out of Nothing? 
Breakthrough: Antimatter Trapped for the First Time -- 
How do we Pluck the Strings to Play the Notes of the Universe? -- 
The Future of Quantum Computing -- 
Follow the Dr. Kaku's Universe blog on Twitter  
Last Round of Autographed Michio Kaku Books are now Available for Purchase  
Become a Fan of Science  Technology on Facebook - - Retweet to your Friends 
Sci Fi Science Bloopers 
ABC News Interview about California Mystery Plume (A Missile? A Plane?) 
Physicist Michio Kaku Predicts Invisibility Cloaks, Programmable Matter, Singularity (Article on Singularity Hub Site) 
The Physics Behind Ball Design -- 
Professor Explains Mystery Plume 
The Multiverse Has 11 Dimensions -- 
Advances in Holographic Technology Could Have Far-Reaching Implications 
What Travels Faster Than the Speed of Light? (Big Think Blog Post) 
NASA Sending First Humanoid Robot Into Space -- 
Intergalactic "G" Mail?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
China Creates the Worlds Fastest Supercomputer, Operating at 2.507 Petaflops  Dr. Kaku's Universe  
Time Travel in a 1928 Chaplin film? -- 
The 1000 Genomes Project Will Help Us Understand Genetic Variations  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think -- 
-- Mapping the Brain (The Human Connectome) -- New Blog Entry on Big Think Blog (Dr. Kaku's Universe) 
NASA's Deep Impact/EPOXI Is All Systems Go For Comet Flyby - You can even see the comet with the naked eye 
Each Wed, Dr. Kaku will be answering ?'s from fans in a video interview. View the first video answer at 
Water and Organic Compounds have been found on a 2nd Asteroid! 
New Big Think Blog Post  With WMAP's Primary Mission Finally Complete, It's Time to Say Goodbye 
Graphene Will Change The Way We Live  New Blog Post  
Found: The Holy Grail of Planetary Science (New Big Think Blog Post) 
Successful Test of NASA's New Composite Material "Unobtainium" (Big Think Blog Post) 
Don't forget to watch my 3-hr BOOK TV interview on C-Span 2 on Sunday, Oct 3rd, at 12pm (ET)  on Monday, Oct 4th at 12am (ET) 
Breakthroughs Are Slow but Steady in Quantum Computers   Big Think Blog Post 
Preview for Upcoming Book TV Interview (Full Interview to air on Book TV on October 1st) 
will be appear on Coast to Coast AM tonight (1am - 5am ET) Find a station or listen online  
U.N. to Establish Protocols for When We Make Contact With Aliens 
Tracking Space Junk from the Ground -- And Now From Space 
Alien Invasions -- Should we be Worried? 
Catch me on C-Span's Book TV on October 3rd from Noon-3pm 
Is Our Moon Really Shrinking? 
Should We Use Nuclear Weapons to Deflect Comets From the Earth? 
Should We Use Comets and Asteroids to Terraform Mars? --- A Big Think Blog Entry: 
Recommend this fanpage to your friends and help spread the Fascinating World of Science!... 
The Science Channel's YouTube Channel now features Michio Kaku inspired background imagery 
Chat Live with me Tonight! Join Science Channel on Tuesday, September 7 at 7pm ET for an online chat with Dr.... 
Want a sneak peak of tomorrow's episode? Check out how Michio could save us from an asteroid Armageddon!... 
Michio Kaku speaks with GameTrailers TV  Geoff Keighley about the Science behind the much anticipated release of... 
Get your Questions Answered by Michio Kaku on Camera in a new Big Think Video Blog Series (Part 1: How to Explore... 
Physics of the Future: How Science Will Change Daily Life by 2100 by Michio Kaku (To be Released on March 22,... 
Become a fan of the Sci Fi Science fanpage to stay updated on new developments ... 
The Science Channel has debuted it's new mini-site for Sci-Fi Science where you can watch new video, take... 
will be on MSNBC today  4:45pm (EST) speaking about Leslie Kean's new book (UFOs: Generals, Pilots, and... 
Get your Questions Answered by Michio Kaku on Camera in a new Big Think Video Blog Series (Part 1: How to Explore... 
My new community driven website which has been in development for over 6 months is nearing it's debut! The new... 
(First Blog Post  Big Think) - Is Time Travel Possible (2 Parts) 
(Classes of Impossibilities  The Internet in your Contact Lenses  Dr. Kaku's... 
What We've Learned from the Gulf Spill (WSJ Opinion Editorial) 
Just broke the 65,000 fan marker! 
It's almost time to launch my new community driven website which has been in development for over 6 months! The... 
If anyone attended the SCI-FI Science reveal on July 16th and took photographs - Please email them to ebmkaku.org. 
(If I Were Obama: Four Things I'd Have Done Differently After Hearing About BP's... 
CNN Interview from this morning about the Oil Spill)... 
Good Morning America Interview -- Michio Kaku is optimistic about capping the oil well.... 
The last round of Autographed Books are running out fast! 
There is still time left to enter! Winners will be announced tomorrow (July 10th)! Be sure to submit your entries... 
2 More Days until the Winners are Announced! Be sure to submit your entries soon for a chance to win!... 
Reminder: Dr. Kaku to be interviewed on The Colbert Report Tonight (July 5th) on Comedy Central  11:30pm EST /... 
Reminder: Dr. Kaku to be interviewed on The Colbert Report Tonight (July 5th) on Comedy Central  11:30pm EST /... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
(Universal... 
Dr. Kaku to be interviewed on The Colbert Report - Monday, July 5th on Comedy Central  11:30pm EST - Be sure to... 
Dr. Kaku to be interviewed on The Colbert Report - Monday, July 5th on Comedy Central  11:30pm EST / 10:30c) 
Dr. Kaku to be interviewed on The Colbert Report - Monday, July 5th on Comedy Central  11:30pm EST / 10:30c) 
will be featured on MSNBC tomorrow (Wed) talking about the Oil Spill 
Meeting Stephen Hawking at the World Science Festival in New York City  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think ... 
A new interesting series aout Life in 2050 featured on the popular Big Think website:... 
A Short History of String Theory  What To Do If You Have a Proposal For The Unified Field Theory ... 
(Winner to be announced on June 30th) 
The Bizarre and Wonderful World of Quantum TheoryAnd How Understanding It Has Ultimately Changed Our Lives... 
The Bizarre and Wonderful World of Quantum Theory and how it's Understanding of it has Ultimately Changed our Lives... 
Is it a good idea to Nuke the Oil Leak?  Dr. Kaku's Universe  Big Think 
Win an Autographed copy of my book Beyond Einstein and an Autographed Photo  Dr. Kaku's Universe ... 
Will humanoid robots ever approach the vastness of human intelligence?  New Blog post on Dr. Kaku's Universe ... 
These photos really put things into perspective in what it's really going to take to clean up this terrible mess. 
I posted 133 photos on Facebook in the album "The BP Gulf Oil Spill" 
Fill in your information below and your name will be included with others on a microchip on the Mars Science... 
You may subscribe to Dr. Kaku's YouTube uploads  
Photo taken last night at the World Science Festival where Stephen Hawking was being honored. 
Disaster in the Gulf: Day 44 (June 2nd - MSNBC's Today Show Interview with Dr. Kaku about BP's latest effort to... 
A voyage through the multiverse and higher dimensional hyperspace (New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post)... 
Digitized images of Einstein's manuscripts have been grouped here according to content into three sections:... 
Michio Kaku on the Multiverse (Part 1 of 6) Interview with the Conscious Media Network... 
Michio Kaku on the Multiverse (Part 2 of 6) Interview with the Conscious Media Network... 
Michio Kaku on the Multiverse (Part 3 of 6) Interview with the Conscious Media Network... 
Michio Kaku on the Multiverse (Part 4 of 6) Interview with the Conscious Media Network... 
Michio Kaku on the Multiverse (Part 5 of 6) Interview with the Conscious Media Network... 
Michio Kaku on the Multiverse (Part 6 of 6) Interview with the Conscious Media Network... 
Michio Kaku speaks with FOX News about the University of Reading... 
(New Dr. Kaku's Universe blog post - The Mystery of Dark Matter) 
Upcoming Interview on Game Trailers TV on SPIKE: 
Currently doing a keynote  the Medico Industrien medical conference here in Copenhagen (see... 
(New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post - The Agony Continues) British Petroleum and... 
Time is Running Out! There is only 9 days left to enter for a chance to win an opportunity to take part in filming... 
on FOX News speaking about the creation of the first man-made synthetic cell ... 
will be appearing on the FOX News network today (Friday)  approx. 12:50pm EST speaking about synthetic life 
The winners for the two contests were announced today on Dr. Kaku's Universe. The first contest... 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: (On the Road with Sci Fi Science) 
Another opportunity to take part in filming for the second season of SCI-FI SCIENCE with Dr. Michio Kaku and The... 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post - The one inch equation that will explain all physical laws -... 
Another opportunity to take part in filming for the second season of SCI-FI SCIENCE with Dr. Michio Kaku and The... 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post - The Big Freeze: (MORE CHANCES TO WIN AN... 
(Last Reminder) Only 8 days left for your chance to win an autographed book and photo: Please visit... 
TIME IS RUNNING OUT AND THERE IS ONLY 1 DAY LEFT TO ENTER for your chance to win an opportunity to take part in... 
ONE DAY LEFT! There is still time to enter for a chance to take part in filming for the 2nd season of SCI-FI... 
Regenerative Medicine and the Human Body Shop (Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post) 
The last round of Autographed Books  Photos are now available for purchase and there is a limited quantity. A new... 
50,000+ Fans! 
Could space aliens be out to get us? Stephen Hawking says they might want to "conquer and colonize" planet Earth!... 
Dr. Kaku will be featured on Larry King Live (4/30)  9 p.m. EST. Larry King will host a discussion with Dr. Kaku... 
Become a fan of Science  Technology and work together to make it an excellent resource for sci-tech news,... 
Filming has been changed from May 13th to May14th - So mark you calendars. There is still time to enter and winners... 
Can we predict volcanic eruptions? - New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post 
Can we predict volcanoes? - New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post 
SCI-FI Science fans - Thanks! (New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post) 
The Future of Computing Power (Fast-Cheap  Invisible) - New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post -... 
The Future of Computing Power (Fast-Cheap  Invisible) - New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post -... 
Another opportunity to take part in filming for the second season of SCI-FI SCIENCE with Dr. Michio Kaku 
What Next From Iceland's Volcano? (Wall Street Journal  Opinion Journal) by Michio Kaku 
will be featured on Fox News tomorrow (Monday)  6:45 am EST and MSNBC at 10:30 am EST speaking about the recent... 
Hope on the Energy Front? (New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog 
will be featured on the CBS Early show just after 7 am EST (April 17th) and Good Morning America sometime after 8... 
will be featured on Good Morning American sometime after 8 am (EST) Saturday morning. Also, Dr. Kaku will be doing... 
will be featured on the Today Show (Thursday, April 15th  7:15 am) speaking about the Obama Administration's plans... 
WIN! an Invitation to take part in filming for the second season of SCI-FI SCIENCE: Physics of the Impossible 
Thus the yeoman work in any science, and especially physics, is done by the experimentalist, who must keep the... 
The World of Nanotechnology (New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog 
The Theory Behind the Equation 
The Large Hadron Collider may allow us to Read the Mind of God (New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post)... 
Coral Reefs in Danger (New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog 
String Theory, The Future, and Embedded Systems - Technorati Embedded 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
A Second Big Bang In Geneva? The Large Hadron Collider could unlock the secrets of genesis 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
One more day to Enter! Winners to be contacted tomorrow... 
Science Fantastic Guests 3/27/10 (Toni Myers - Director/Producer of IMAX: HUBBLE 3D)  Mike Massimino (Astronaut) 
The more we know, the faster we can know more ... 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
Physicist Michio Kaku explains the science behind Mass Effect 2 by Bioware. (In an around the 14 minute marker... 
Physicist Michio Kaku explains the science behind Mass Effect 2 by Bioware. (In an around the 14 minute market... 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
Dr. Kaku will be on Good Morning America tomorrow (Saturday) talking about an invisibility cloak recently developed... 
New Dr. Kaku's Universe Blog Post: 
Dr. Kaku's Universe" is a new blog created for Big Think by Dr. Michio Kaku, theoretical physicist at C.U.N.Y. and... 
What kinds of topics would you like to see Dr. Kaku write about for some new Articles? 
http://bigthink.com/series/31?selected=18973 
http://bigthink.com/series/31?selected=18973 
I will be appearing on Fox News again today, Tuesday, at 1:45 pm (EST) talking about the recent earthquakes. 
I will be appearing on Fox News again today, Tuesday, at 1:45 pm speaking about the recent earthquakes. 
The Chilean earthquake took place 21 miles below the surface, but moved billions of tons of rock several feet, over... 
It is often stated that of all the theories proposed in this century, the silliest is quantum theory. In fact, some... 
One is reminded of Julius Caesar's famous remark in Shakespeare's play: "The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our... 
I will be appearing on Fox  Friends tomorrow morning (Monday - 29th)  7:15am about the recent earthquakes... 
I will be appearing on the Geraldo Rivera show tonight (Feb 27st - FOX News) some time after 9 pm (EST) talking... 
Currently seeking volunteer Freelance or Professional Photographers in the New York City area that would be... 
At the present time, We are currently seeking volunteer Freelance or Professional Photographers in the New York... 
Science Fantastic Guests for 2/27/10 (Howard Markel  Robert Zimmerman) 
I will be appearing on Geraldo Rivera show this Sunday (Feb 21st) some time after 10 pm (EST), talking about the... 
I will be on Fox News at 4:40 pm today about the future of space flight 
Want access to EXCELLENT Sci-Tech Photos, Videos  News? Become a Fan of Science  Technology ... 
I want to thank all of your who have become a Facebook friend of mine. This means a lot to me. When I was young,... 
Just finished an interview for the Sy Fy channel to air in July. It looks into the possible science behind their TV... 
Scientific revolutions, almost by definition, defy common sense. If all our common-sense notions about the universe... 
Some people seek meaning in life through personal gain, through personal relationship, or through personal... 
Become a fan of Science  Technology and help bring... 
I will be on Fox News tomorrow morning at 10:45am (EST) speaking about MARS 
Around March 22, I will start filming for the second season of Sci Fi Science, which will consist of 12 new... 
Help support the expansion of the Mkaku.org Community by Purchasing some... 
Science Fantastic Guests for 2/13 (Dr. Richard Potts and Dr. Glenn McGee) 
Become a fan of Science  Technology -- Lets work... 
Who wouldn't want to become a fan of The Science Channel? Be sure to pay them a visit to stay tuned on updates!... 
Become a fan of Science  Technology and help bring... 
I posted 58 photos on Facebook in the album "Albert Einstein" 
Become a Fan of Science  Technology (BECAUSE SCIENCE MATTERS)... 
Closer version of Einstein's Desk as as left it... 
Closer version of the Chalkboard as Einstein Left it... 
Einstein's Desk as he left it... 
Space Oddity Baffles Boffins (Fox... 
Lost Season Six Premiere has Rock Solid Science (Interview with Popular Mechanics) 
REMINDER: Filling in for George Noory, Art Bell welcomes one of his favorite guests, Dr. Michio Kaku, wholl... 
Reminder: Filling in for George Noory, Art Bell welcomes one of his favorite guests, Dr. Michio Kaku, wholl... 
Science Fantastic Guests for 1/30/10 (Dr. James B. Garvin  Dr. Stanton Friedman) 
Update: There was an imposter on Twitter using my name and tweeting updates prentending to be me. The user has... 
Social Networks Promotion: (Now until FEB 14th): Purchase an Autographed copy of both Parallel Worlds  Hyperspace... 
Facebook Friends Promotion (Now until FEB 14th): Purchase an Autographed copy of both Parallel Worlds  Hyperspace... 
Reminder: Filling in for George Noory, Art Bell welcomes one of his favorite guests, Dr. Michio Kaku, wholl... 
Register with Mkaku.org for a chance to win FREE Autographed Books  Michio Kaku Inspired T-Shirts! Visit... 
About Be The Future : Be The Future : Science Channel - 
I will be out of the Country until mid next week but will start answering your Science questions sometime after I... 
Facebook Friends Promotion (This week only): Purchase an Autographed copy of both Parallel Worlds  Hyperspace for... 
I will be Keynoting the Embedded Systems Conference in Silicon Valley on April 26-29 in San Jose. Visit the... 
I will be appearing on Coast to Coast AM with Art Bell late evening and early Saturday morning of Fri-Sat., Jan. 29-30 
SCI-FI SCIENCE is going International! Air dates are as follows: February 5th in Singapore, Malaysia, Phillippines... 
All Proceeds go towards the continued development of the Mkaku.org Community. Autographed Michio Kaku books and... 
Russia to Intercept Killer Asteroid? by Dr. Michio Kaku (Wall Street Journal) 
Interview with ClosertoTruth about Multiple Dimensions and the Universe:... 
Interview with ClosertoTruth about the possibilities of Time Travel... 
Limited Edition Autographed Michio Kaku books are now available for Pre-Orders with books to be available in about... 
Science Fantastic Guests for 12/19 (Neil deGrasse Tyson  Neil deGrasse Tyson 
It is often stated that of all the theories proposed in this century, the silliest is quantum theory. In fact, some... 
TUNE IN TO THE SCIENCE CHANNEL on Tuesday December 08  10:00 pm -- Sci Fi Science -- How to Blow Up a Planet --The... 
I posted 127 photos on Facebook in the album "NASA" 
The curious feature of superstrings, however, is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions. This is, in fact, one... 
I want to thank all of your who have become a Facebook friend of mine. This means a lot to me. When I was young,... 
www.mkaku.org/shop Sale Price $19.95 (US Shipping Included) Limited Quantity Available - Help spread the world of... 
Recent Fox News... 
Recent Fox News... 
www.mkaku.org/shop - Sale Price $19.95 (US Shipping Included) Limited Quantity Available - Help spread the world of... 
www.mkaku.org/shop Help spread the world of science by wearing one of these Michio Kaku inspired Gildan 2000 Ultra... 
Schedule for SCI-FI SCIENCE: Physics of the Impossible 
Become a Fan of the new show set to debut on The Science Channel (December 1st) - The Fan page features both video... 
Note : All the fans (Over 10,000) from the other Michio Kaku Fan Pages (Fake Accounts portraying themselves as me)... 
Short clip from SCI-FI Science Episode - How to Travel to a Parallel Universe. Episode to debut Wednesday, December... 
Sci Fantastic Guest for 11/21 6pm EST (Steve Kates aka Dr Sky) Topic - The LCROSS mission, the Augustine report  Observational Astronomy 
Sci Fantastic Guest for 11/21 5pm EST (Carl Zimmer) An award winning science writer focusing on the study of evolution and parasites 
A video clip from the new series (SCI-FI Science: Physics of the Impossible to premiere on The Science Channel -... 
WSJ.com - Op-ED: Water on the Moon! Extraterrestrial ice could transform our space program 
"2012" - Planet X - End of Days? Water on the Moon - Dr. Michio Kaku... 
Dr Michio Kaku on the recent discovery of water on moon 
Become a fan of SCI-FI SCIENCE: Physics of the Impossible (Upcoming show to debut December 1st on the Science... 
I posted 26 photos on Facebook in the album "Sci-Fi Science: Physics of the Impossible" 
15 DISCOUNT FOR ALL FACEBOOK FRIENDS (Use Coupon Code "facebook" when ordering - New Price $21.21 (US ... 
- "Explorations in Science" Radio Archive - Listen to 5 years of... 
Science Fantastic Guest 10/30 - 6pm EST - Prof. John Donoghue - He was the founding chairman of the Dept of Neuroscience at Brown University 
Science Fantastic Guests 10/30 - 5pm EST - Roland Emmerich - One of Hollywood's most prominent directors - New Movie 2012 debuts Nov 13th 
www.mkaku.org/shop - Michio Kaku Inspired T-Shirts - Because Science Matters Help spread the world of science... 
Sci Fantastic Guest for 10/24 - 6p EDT - Alvin Toffler - American writer and futurist. American writer and futurist - www.alvintoffler.net 
Sci Fantastic Guest for 10/24 - 5p EDT - Prof. Geoffery Taylor): Leads the Australian team for ATLAS experiments at CERN 
I posted 166 photos on Facebook in the album "The Galactic Neighborhood" 
I posted 50 photos on Facebook in the album "Large Hadron Collider" 
Please feel free to post interesting science video  news stories from around the web! -- Because Science Matters! -- 
Become a FAN on Facebook: 
Thank you Note to Facebook Fans 
Let There Be Light by Michio Kaku- Forbes.com: 
Sci Fantastic Oct 3 - 5p EDT- Robert Lanza who is considered one of the leading scientists in the world. www.RobertLanza.com 
Sci Fantastic Oct 3 6pm EDT- Greg Stock is a biophysicist, best-selling author and biotech entrepreneur. New book: Redesigning HUMANS 
Sci Fantastic Sept 12 - Venkatesh Raghavendra - focused on social entrepreneurship and environmental awareness and conservation www.IAF.org 
Science Fantastic - Sept 12 - Peter Schwartz - cofounder and chairman of GBN and a partner of the Monitor Group. Please Visit www.gbn.com 
New series based on my book Physics of the Impossible to air on December 1st 
Filming new series with the Science Channel based on Physics of the Impossible 
Fox Business Interview: =michio+kaku 
BBC TV Interview on the meteor shower to air tonight At 7:45 tonight on BBC-A 
Large Hadron Collider Sparks New 'Black Hole' Concerns - Science News  Science  Technology  Technology News - FOXN... 
Science Fantastic - Aug 8 - Piers Bizony- Author of 'How To Build Your Own Space Ship and Alvin Toffler- Futurist 
Jupiter Gets a Black Eye - Wall Street Journal 
Aug1 Sci Fan 1st Hour Christopher Cokinos Author of book Fallen Sky 2nd Hour Dr Robert Finklestein-President of Robotic Technology, Inc. 
Science Fantastic has confirmed Christopher Cokinos author of the book Fallen Sky - Chris will be on Saturday August 1st at 5pm (ET) 
The Cost Of Space Exploration 
Filming with the Science Channel ... 
Interview this morning on Fox News -- Mind Over Matter 
Filming with the Science Channel for a television series based on my book Physics of the Impossible 
Researching the Theory of Everything 
