text 
Peep me and my big bro Pharrell on NBCTheVoice tonight  
It's true! I am going to be the newest judge on Season 11 of The Voice NBCTheVoice   
pacificwild fuck the fucking wolf cull what the fuck?!?!?!?! How the fuck is this happening! Let's make it STOP! 
Get  with exclusive extras like this on iTunesMovies now! 
Just a fiew  vday tees left!!  
 limited edition  Valentinez dayyyy tees are in the merch store now  
Lickin xtina buttonz! NBCTheVoice   
Out nowwwwww on SoundCloud!!!    
Coming soon !    
Gonna be streaming this bitch    da LA show! Errrrrbody cummmmin... 
 now!!!  
Da  video izzzz out nowwwww!!! 
Kisses to bb mc fwummmm bb milky  MTV premier tonight 7/6c 
BTS fwummmm  music video premiering tonight on MTV 7/6c !!!  
Repost! mtv 7/6c premier of my neewwwwwwww video for  !!!!!! 
 premieres fridayyyyyyy night at 7/6c on MTV  
Get ur new limited edition happyhippiefdn holiday merch now!!!   
Today on my Facebook I put up the official lighter video directed by me and waynecoyne... 
I found this so interesting and the conclusion beautiful..... 
Itz gonnna be A Very Murry Christmas dis holidaaaay season!! Only on Netflix Dec 4   
Yo LA/Vancouver the  tickets go on sale now!!!  
My bad a$$ hero SusanSarandon is at it again!!!! On November 2nd, She will start an online campaign to get 
2 more dates added to da  commmmin to Vancouver and LA in dec. tix on sale fri  10am 
JohnMayer dude fuck yeah!!!! 
 from freeheldmovie is out nowwwww   
 nbcsnl    
Watch  from last nites nbcsnl herrrrrreeeee:   
    go 2 4 dates!!!! 
 is available Friday! So proud to be a part of freeheldmovie   
Loooooove this photo by _aprilbencze from my trip to The  with Braisoncyrus to meet with... 
Help end AIDS with my  lipstick, online in North America now!!  
doooooo it! video izzzzz out nowwwwww! Watch at  
fuck yeahhhhh!!!! Dooo It! last nite at da   
Listen to Miley Cyrus amp; Her Dead Petz fo freeeeeee now   
Site craaaaaaashed!!! Go to instead!!!   
Miley Cyrus amp; Her Dead Petz out now fo freeeeeee mothaaaa fuckazzz! Check dat $hit out  
Gettin readyyyyyy for tomorrrrrrrrowwwwww!!!  MTV 
Shake yoooo tots 4 jimmykimmel! Watch JimmyKimmelLive tonight at 11:35pm on ABC   
fuckkkk yeahhhhh!!!!   mtv  
 hangin wiff meeesahhhh meeeee$$$$ waynecoyne 
The cutest!!!! I  for curebatten for  
Fuck yea VMAzzzzzz!!!!  mtv 
Fuck yea beagles!!!! I  for beaglefreedom  
fuckkkkk yeahhhhh VMAzzzzzz!!!!   mtv  
fuck yeah VMAzzzzzz!!!!! Make and submit your VMA edits at mtv   
Fuck yeah VMAzzzzzz!!! Go to to make and submit your VMA promo editz MTV   
Help to end AIDS with my new MACcosmetics  lipstick  available online in North America on 9/8  
Fuck yeah VMAs!!!!!  on MTV Aug 30 at 9pm 
This is Brendan jordvnhaus), a high school student from Las Vegas, Nevada who currently identifies as both male... 
Meet Mariana and Alex anderfinn), transgender friends and co-workers at the LALGBTCenter, in Los Angeles... 
Meet Greta and Nina, co-founders of the non-profit organization Translifeline, a crisis hotline staffed by... 
Meet Precious and Miles who are engaged and living in in Chicago, Illinois. As a transgender couple, they speak... 
This is AJ ThatLehmanKid), an 18 year old from Massachusetts. AJ shares about his identity and experiences ... 
Meet Gigi TheGigiGorgeous) a YouTuber from Canada who splits her time between Toronto and LA. She shares more... 
MeetTyler tywrent), a 24 year old living in New York City, and my date for amfAR tonight!!! Tyler is a ... 
Im launching  today, in partnership with instagram, to share stories of transgender and gender... 
I found my show!   on a bender! Jane amp; Lily are so bad a$$! 
Fuck yeah Ireland! 
edockterman DM  
I need a new series to watch 
toujoursandrea is toooooooo turnnnnnt! That new viddd thoooooo! 
Duh voting TheRue tonight  
Oops! Here's the proper link to Pablow...the song I wrote for my dear blow fish after he past away a few months ago 
These last 2 weeks have been magical! But this is just the beginning not the end! I can't believe this was just a... 
Who's peeped me amp; arianagrande covering "don't dream it's over" and gotten involved with happyhippiefdn?!?!  
Soooooo thankful for arianagrande for being a part of the  You're the sweetest little... 
melaniesafka I  this family photooooo soooooo much!!!!!! New   on my FB now! 
InsideBates I'm fanning out right now hard core 
Melanie Safka is a hippie hero amp; Always a prophet of a peace.....new  videos with melaniesafka... 
Love this on huff post! Why Miley Cyrus Is This Woman's Non-Straight, Non-Binary Role Model 
More  videos coming next week!!  Watch  (written by Paul Westerberg) on my Facebook now 
 with LauraJaneGrace and AtomWillard of againstme is on my Facebook now!!!  happyhippiefdn 
Why Miley Cyrus Is 'Free to Be Everything'  Out Magazine 
More  videos coming today!! Thank you LauraJaneGrace amp; joanjett for lending your voices and ... 
bertaraerule look what your story started! edockterman story on TIME about happyhippiefdn and how it is already serving its purpose! 
bertaraerule your school is leading by an awesome example! Thats all we're asking for! Not tying to start a fight or play he said she said! 
LOVE! noticiasmiley5 happyhippiefdn MileyArmy bertaraerule 
i_D Yall are the most bad a$$ for bringing awareness to happyhippiefdn amp; our movement! Grateful forever  
bertaraerule like I said!!!!! Go get that shirt in every color! Lol! Make it your new uniform LoL 
i_D oh amp; Im definitely not one to hide my sexuality! What Im into sexually won't define me as a person!  I AM ME NOTHIN ELSE  
i_D love this! Only place you're wrong is I deff got no handlers (even though I should prob get some lol) I'm Flyin this rocket baby! 
EvPride in MI told bertaraerule she cant wear "Legalize Gay shirt bc its offensive but we know our rights! Let's tweet 2 remind them! 
bertaraerule I wanna get the pros happyhippiefdn advice on this! Unfair school is tellin u not 2 support ur parents! THEY need teaching! 
Please check out my Happy Hippie Op-Ed: "Innovators vs. Dinosaurs"  
metheridge happyhippiefdn always need more happy hippies! Let's get together and brain storm :) 
Another  video is up on Facebook!!  happyhippiefdn   
Listened to this song a lot in December when Leelah passed away...These lyrics relate so perfectly to Happy 
ArianaGrande ...and being apart of happyhippiefdn      
ArianaGrande Love love looooove you! Will always be so thankful for you being your sweet little  self... 
New  swagggg is hereeeee   happyhippiefdn 
Check out the official The Happy Hippie Foundation  
Find out more about happyhippiefdn amp; donate to help create digital support groups for LGBT youth   
Officially launching the happyhippiefdn today with  Backyard Sessions! Head to my Facebook... 
The Quest for Transgender Equality - 
 the part of Bruce special educating people on trans terms.This is a new world so we all have new things to learn  never be embarrassed! 
KrisJenner thank you for being an example of how people that love each other treat the ones they love....    
I LOOOOVE LOOOVE LOOOVE Bruce Jenner!!!!!!!  
happyhippiefdn sooooo bad a$$ Senator Cottons voicemail box is fulllllllllll! Hopefully of messages 
Miley Cyrus Is Trying To 'Stir Some Sh*t Up' In Tom Cotton's Office 
SenTomCotton about why FREEDOM amp; EQUALITY is so important to me amp; and the happyhippiefdn  
SenTomCotton Did you know 40 of homeless youth are LGBT. Breaks my heart. You may have noticed I have your  so I'd love to talk sometime 
Let's stir some shit up! Senator Cotton (202) 224-2353 !!!! Happy Hippies call amp; express why freedom is important to us amp; our country! 
Senator Cotton thinks gay community needs to get perspective cuz In Iran they hang you for the crime of being gay. 
Started talking w/ edockterman TIME about the future of music amp; ended up talking more about just THE FUTURE  
Wilco thank yiew 4 being bad a$$! We wont be conned into believing Indianas RFRA is anything else than exactly what it is-DISCRIMINATION! 
Thank yiew Tim Cook amp; Apple for standing up for equality! Thank you for keeping this country moving forward and evolving! 
Forgot how much I love Twitter for these reasons. Communication amp; connection! Social media has some serious power! 
billdeblasio what are you going to do to help more kids like Lijuan amp; how can  be involved????  
politico   
My precious moment I got to share with Ricky...... Thinking about him and all of the people who love 
Fuck yeah! First official  in vmagazine photozzzzz by cheynethomas 
This has to stop! RT TransEquality 22 Year Old Ohio  Woman Murdered By Father   
    happyhippiefdn 
Muah  colahhhhh is goin global!!! Get yours at MACCosmetics around the  and help raisefor  
happppppy biiiiiirfdayyyyy tiiiiew daaaa kiewtesttttttt ChloeGMoretz  
quentin_jones DazedMagazine bahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhHhahh 
da  DVD is comingggggggg March 24!!! 
I wake up to so much LVE erday.   (I know I've 
brushing sweet bb Pig af sunset on a stack of beanie ca$h in my fav sparkly bootzzzz..... Even when 
   happyhippiefdn  
PSchwarzenegger  
in just a few months it'll be a year since this baby went to da end of da rainbow  he's waitin for 
Fuuuuuckkkkk yaaaasssss! Summmm supppppa fweakz got some bad a$$  tattoos!!!!! 
been a while since i felt like dis.... 
thelovemagazine caradelevingne  
waynecoyne5 us. 
Goodnight from da  fam 
Itzzzzz allllll about  mane 
 in a  blanket  
When DJ tweaker tits be on best behavior  booooorrrringggg  moschino 
Fuck yo Sunday madonna britneyspears katyperry badgalriri 
    
Out now!!!!   
Fuck yaaaaaas cheynethomas itsjeremyscott moschino 
da rumaaaazzzz b twuuuuu 
 
I don't know what to say on Twitter no mo 
"Bunz out. Weiner. But I gotta keep my eye for Selener." - NICKIMINAJ (that is a direct quote) 
Me, ciara, and sethrogen at LA fashion awards 
New arrivals on da daily  
Do yiew tink if I push muah titties up I'll get mo followahhhzzzz?  
Who the? What the?  
Howddddd deyyyy knowwwww    
My main alwayssss witttt me somehow somewhere  madonna 
Every penny from my MACcosmetics  goes to da MACAIDSFund to help those affected by AIDS  
My MACcosmetics  products are available online in da US amp; Canada nowwwwww  In stores on thursssssday  
Errrrrrrthang buahhhh muahhhh (besidezzzz photography dats da  ass dank ass cheynethomas) 
 love love love my MAC fam amp; bein da newest face of viva glam  (out 1-22-15 shameless plug 
PSchwarzenegger "are you brothers?"  bahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaha 
 
 will never let you down  
Happy buuuurffffday jesse!!! Send your birthday message to jesse using earjessehappyhippies.org  
vmagazine Tankkkkk yiew for a fuckin artyyyyyy assssss '14 can't wait for ussssss to fuck em up again 
fuck yeah  
Woah 
got my password backkkk hoessssss  
INC(RED)IBLE: These Apps Save Lives. For 2 weeks 100 proceeds go to RED to fight AIDS.  Only AppStore 
send letters, questions, poetry, art, ways jesse inspired you, ways you've been involved in our 
Show ur support for Jesse  
Every $ from the sales of my  will go to MACAIDSFund to help those affected by HIV!  
Every cent from the sales of my  shade will go to MACAIDSFund to help people affected by HIV 
Going  with MACcosmetics. Look for my lipstick in early 2015  
new face of Google  zacharyancox waynecoyne5 stevendrozd katyweaver  
tat 2 record waynecoyne5 katyweaver   
Thinking of Andrew Tahmooressi and his family and hoping for his safe return to the United States  
Nipples are where titties go wrong. 
Just downloaded new metrostation ep  CHECK DIS  OUT MANE 
I don't know how I lived with out Skeeter Davis for so long. 
Better late than never...       
 John Baldessari-fied  tinaaminaj 
never gets old 
Biew biews all jacked up on coffee  cheynethomas 
waynecoyne5  
who's weaddddy for tonight in chile?!?! 
Why do DJs play my songs at the club like I haven't done over 80 Bangerz tour shows and sang this song 10 billions times  
Tbt to kickin it with my mainnn booooo  
TraceCyrus wtf?!?! You're the coolest lookin dude I know! Don't say dat!!!!   
getting romantic with myself  
alana_greszata  
TURNTTT 
we dem gurlzzz labakers 
My  amazonashley67! 
ready for rio   adamleber 
Still dope AF  madonna 
Trippy ass wieny I b doodlin  
 
 alana_greszata runwaymodel88  
 runwaymodel88 alana_greszata  
 
 
drew sum trippy ass  on a long asssss flight 
KARL LAGERFELD POLAROID  
What in the world is in that bag? What chuuuu got in dat bag?!  noahcyrus 
Emu is stoked thank you :) 
I love you more than anyone in my life 
Please check this out 
Favorite one so far bexilsley ps check your dms 
SusanSarandon is the kiewlest! So sad I can't make it but it's gonna GO OFF!  MFPLA 
hoochie coochie 
SusanSarandon   
my mommy is da kiewtest tishcyrus 
talkin to my BFF mikewillmadeit 
siiiiiick af  
Obsheshhhhed wit dis liner I juzzzzz got   
QUICK CHANGE 
show day  in Monterey needa get my unicorn ass up and at em 
That shit was raw as hell. 2nd time I ever played that song in that recording. Y'all just so used to all the bull shit. But thank you :) 
If you think that zeppelin cover is fucked with and tuned up come to the Bangerz tour! 
I miss you suga bear  braisoncyrus 
"Recently used" emojis say a lot about a person. 
  
Just posted a photo 
holy shit  
Dumb amp; Dumberburg   
thank yiew waynecoyne katy_weaver and galaxxxy_rocks for my super fuckin kiewl prezzies! I'm never 
sweet bb pig  
Chakra maraca from melaniesafka11 came today  Floyd is smiling 
Puttin deeeezzzz up so when we cover em at the  y'all don't look so damn confused  
Regram itsjeremyscott  
Amazon Ashley  
I love my dad billyraycyrus  I think that's why I love waynecoyne he has so many of the same 
amp; this wittle fweak tiewww  
 itsjeremyscott 
Check dis shit out 
  itsjeremyscott 
 
Accessory of the day   x itsjeremyscott 
AMAZON ASHLEY is an angel princess fairy goddess sweet baby representing love, loyalty and openness. 
 SOUTH AMERICA 
quick change selfie 
 egg bob mackieish cyber hippie mylar freak   
 we back ma fackas  
 itsjeremyscott 
Can't thank itsjeremyscott enough for the best day of my life   
  cheynethomas 
PRICELESS. 2 chainz face checkin out the  dildo 
My favorite picture in the world  DIRTY HIPPIEZZZ itsjeremyscott 
fuck yeah  vmagazine 
amp; everrrrrr carlynecerfdedudzeele 
my  forever  
 zzzz  
 bellahadid  
trippppin/trappin out with these  chicks 
trippin out bout my "PARTAYYY HAT" on this purtyyyyy girl  
holllllly I can't believe this is muah life ! Thank u itsjeremyscott carlynecerfdedudzeele 
carlynecerfdedudzeele   
MY EVERYTHING carlynecerfdedudzeele   
my bbq preshow itsjeremyscott  
 for itsjeremyscott    
on my way to itsjeremyscott / my 1st DIRTY HIPPIE show! Fuckkkkk  
itsjeremyscott hair liewk 
Wednesday, September 10th   itsjeremyscott carlynecerfdedudzeele vmagazine 
my first fucking artshow/gallery tomorrow  ahhhhh vmagazine itsjeremyscott carlynecerfdedudzeele 
paigereif carineroitfeld 
thebrandicyrus tishcyrus sissy mommy time 
MTVNews this made me sooooo happy  
REGRAM carineroitfeld 
me this morning on set 
beanz 
my werk liewk 
itsjeremyscott carlynecerfdedudzeele regram LATE NIGHT WERKIN  
me last night at alexanderwangny RAVE (only in  pasties) 
best night eva with alexanderwangny 
Btw I didn't have some weird rash. I got pink glitter rubbed all over me.  
 
vmagazine 
Hollywood 
family  
gonna cover dis shit 
 teeees 
animal hoarding at it's best 
in case I'm having the worst hair day ever on tour this is the back up plan 
git ur tee   
Ben Jones 
Bamp;W CRU 
balloon bitches only runwaymodel88 
chicken headz alana_greszata runwaymodel88 
can't handle the kiewness (ps bubba sue is now legally changed her name to PIG (aka pig pig) 
pig pig amp; biew biew 
 
Just posted a photo 
"I only visit earth for the...." series continues  aka sharpie art 
miley fucking cyrus  
loving my fucking life 
vmagazine  styled by carlynecerfdedudzeele shot by karllagerfeld 
Thank u chelseahandler    
thank u super fucking cool smiler  told you I was framing this shit  
"You're not even aware, you're such a funny pair. You're the best of friends. Life's a happy game. You 
me all Labor Day freakin tweakend  
there is nothing more beautiful than eating a meat free gluten free dairy free cheeseburger in the sunset 
piggy got me diiiiiirty  
vmagazine  
vmagazine shot by Karl Lagerfeld and styled by my loveeeeee carlynecerfdedudzeele  
vmagazine  shot Karl Lagerfeld 
shot by Karl Lagerfeld for vmagazine  
chelseahandler thank you   
Madonna living for love 
Love this cheynethomas 
peta Piggy amp; Bean under the blankets. Happy on my pillow. Mary Jane amp; Emu have their heads one on each boob  it's my dream day  
peta I am :) got all 4 of em and my pig  
JoJoWright SMH 
While they obsesses over one homeless mans legal issue lets help the other 1.6 million homeless youth 
The media never fails to disappoint. You've chosen to go after Jesse instead of covering the issue of youth homelessness :( 
Does looking down upon the homeless help people excuse their inaction? 
I hope that this can be the start of a national conversation about youth homelessness and how to end it. 
People who are homeless have lived very hard lives. Jesse included. 
 
I can't breathe. 
OG blue steel billyraycyrus 
happy birfffday 2 the kiewlest guy i know  billyraycyrus love u dad 
ArianaGrande you r a sweeeeet baby   
MTV thank you for another amazing opportunity  
My fans made this all possible  you are so powerful 
me and my hero at in n out celebratin    
my favorite dude ever    
  
 jimmyfallon 
My date :)    
  
    
gettinmuahgoodon  
Met some of the coolest young people I've ever met today 
  alsassociation  waynecoyne katy_weaver alech789  
5 foot bong almost complete  this one is a collab with my fucking beyond kiewl fanz 
werk in progress 
bomb ass. dank ass. 
You won't be seeing  anymore 
New additions to Floyd shrine 
Super cool fan bracelet waynecoyne 
you guys tooooo sweet  
Just posted a photo 
Love this shit :) 
y'all so kiewl  thank u super cool smiler 
Floyd shrine thanks to you guys :) 
Smiler rave bracelets :) thanks you guys 
  
happy bday to my mushymush caradelevingne  
that's me snorting ps  
I can't take the Robin Williams news. I've never cried over someone I've never met but I can't stop  
u know I can't sleep when I'm on twitter 
I thought everyone hated me on ista!!! Omg thanks TCA  
Omg 
I thought everyone hated my on insta!!!!! OMG thanks   
piggy on a pj 
bubba sue  
newest member to the fam  
Yes yes yes yes yes nickiminaj 
 noahcyrus billyraycyrus 
Louisville if you heard what I had to say about sweet angel baby animals last night send me pics of your rescues and I'll RT 
EternalSmiler MileyArmy I had a kitty that looked just like him growin up :) Grey boy was HER name. Yup her. 
missmileyrayorg MileyArmy Sam is so sweet :) 
TODAY IS GONNA BE AWESOME  
 nickiminaj 
went to ham tonight 
Just posted a video 
waynecoyne katy_weaver  
88 proof 
alana_greszata my baby 
sleepy baby amp; wukong  
alana_greszata braisoncyrus  
waynecoyne 
biancabrewton_ dayum 
tonight with lilyallen  
coolest day ever waynecoyne melaniesafka11  
got you one too skyferreira  
 this was my bf as a kid   
 waynecoyne 
MAMA MADE IT tishcyrus 
freakabritt 
NiallOfficial fuckkkk yasssss 
thank you for this cool gemmmm sweet baby smiler who made this 
throwbackfuckinmonday  
Excited for fucking Philly folks 
   
throwbackfukinmonday 
StylishCyrus SaraSammakia I love it  
taking fucking forever but it's worth it  
princessfanita brettratner    
wukong-icure  braisoncyrus 
Just posted a photo 
had to jump out and take a picture of this. it made me so sad. 
cooooool 
 
I want sunflowers  
ITSJEREMYSCOTT theysoooomoschino  
Happy bday to the best mommy in the world (besides my own) LilKim  
lookin up on the internet how to build a sunken bed like John Lennons in Help! 
thecatladyofcrafts 
dippindotacules 
Dippindotacules 
I love that you feed bonsais like a baby even though this one is like 14!  
classy 
Making shit 
making a sweepy time maskkkk 
 
skyferreira making u a bday pwezzie  
but what we were doin when they droned over was pretty good haha 
What do they hope I'm doing back here? crystal meth? shooting a porn? Getting stung by a bee? working out the ol green thumb? I MEAN WHAT 
I'm much more down with the helicopter circling my house right now freaking the fuck out of my dogs  even though drones are a little more  
Irememberda1sttimeIsawadrone likeitwasyesterday.Ohwaititwas yesterdayamp; thtwasfuckdup  
Check this out theflaminglips 
Shank u 4 watching the Bangerz tour NBC speshhhhhh! Seriously y'all 
Happy twerkin to party in the USA  
Watch Bangerz tour nbc spesh 
Watch the nbc Bangerz tour spesh y'all 
This  bra commercial is clutch  
Watching Bangerz nbc spesh w my wukong braisoncyrus 
Beannnnn loves NBC Bangerz tour speshhhhh 
Watching nbc spesh with the babez 
Nbc speshhhh 
 twinkleswinkle   braisoncyrus waynecoyne twinkleswinkle 
Fuuuuuck cut my hand during the nbc special I missed some of it! Send me links  
Nbc Bangerz tour special foooooly 
Just posted a photo 
Watch the NBC Bangerz special tonight 
Shbubblez 
Watch nbc bangerz tour special tonight 
waynecoyne 
 
NbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonightNbcspecialtonight 
 
ladeedadeeda snoopdogg   
Safe travel leis waynecoyne katy_weaver zacharyancox 
Just posted a photo 
  
 waynecoyne katy_weaver 
Forever Ink 
 waynecoyne katy_weaver  
 katy_weaver 
 
  waynecoyne katy_weaver 
 katy_weaver waynecoyne 
2 rockstarz tracecyrus waynecoyne 
Drone Pap wtf 
 waynecoyne 
waynecoyne katy_weaver 
 waynecoyne katy_weaver zacharyancox cheynethomas  
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
 
 labakers 
Omg it's tomorrow! Watch Nbc tomorrow night! Bangerz tour special! 
Yooooooo my nbc Bangerz special is sooooo close 
waynecoyne in his custom dirty hippie slipperz I made 
woah  
evillllll  oliverhibert waynecoyne  
Bubblez 
Besties  
can't wait to post what else I made just gotta wait cuz they fo a friend and I wanna keep it a supwizeeee  
Bubba 
Real marshmallow included 
1st thing I've made for myself  party hat 
Just posted a photo 
party hat I made  
hands look wrinkly and old in chrome filter 
Blang blang  
kwafty 
 
da homie baby emu 
 funky town  
 emu eating my bunnnnnnn  
 selfie series   
shmelloz 
Just posted a video 
 
Accessories  
Made dis for my big bro  ain't done yet (made from hippie rainbow strang, Chanel fabric amp; 
I do crafts and edit specials at the same damn time  
my editing nbc special liewkkkkk  this  is lookin ! Can't wait for yallz to c it July 6th 
11:23 waynecoyne 
 be jellly 
shhhhitzawiggggg  
custom jewlz for andylecompte  
 99cent  
  
 
 
 
my new liewkkk  
Smilers are such quick learners and radical teachers  lovezzzzz you so fuckin much 
 
 
I use insta a lot now. Like more than this. Btw going to bed at 9:30. 
ending the best day ever giving emu baby a shower in my bedazzled space cap cuhhh  
creepz pupil / best day ever 
best day ever     Floyd 
Floyd 
Zope waynecoyne    
2nd project   made dis for waynecoyne 
I can make wealllly pwetttttty jewelry amp; faces  
making Floyd jewlzzzzz all day ps this filter is called delicious 
made a pwettttty Floyd necklace  
gonna be so kiewlllll   
nice jewelry makin music  
let your pups play and get dirty. giving them a bath is so cute  amp; fun  
keep flowers around you cuz they are beautiful  and smell good  
after I make Floyd shrine ornaments I'm gonna write letters to a few people I love ALOT.... And that 
 makin summmm pretty jewlz to adorn the   lurv me some QT 
Floyd shrine    
SELFIE GENERATION pt 2  edition out of the  collection 
SELFIE GENERATION pt 1  edition 
SELFIE GENERATION pt 1 
 noahcyrus   
Emmmuuuuubabbbyyyy  
mikewillmadeit  outkast 
if you like it then.... noahcyrus 
I love my Floyd shrine. Fresh flowers are being delivered for it every week  and we light a candle for him every morning   
 thank you to everyone for making my Floyd shrine so beautiful and special. The energy around the 
my backgwound 
I meannnnnnn  
time to start making Emu accounts smilers. Hes here and here to stay  I welcomed Emu Coyne Cyrus into 
pupppppppiezzzzz  waynecoyne 
dad got me this purty lady! Said "if this ain't miley I don't know what is" He said that she looked 
  
I love this bitch  
 
1future turned the fuckkkk uppppp lazzzzzzz night  
Moninnnnn hoezzzz  
1future turned the fuckkkk uppppp lazzzzzzz night  
TWUBBLE mikewillmadeit leesaamarie   
 lilkim snoopdogg 
 nbc  
neffheadwear   
neffheadwear Urkel going ham   
Wepeat 
never taking these off snoopdogg  
snoopdogg 
I love you xoBetseyJohnson  da cutest  
 noahcyrus  
 noahcyrus  
TURNUP   braisoncyrus 
   
Floyd in space amp; rubber duxxxx  
Summer time ballllll 
Don't fuck w my duckz 
noahcyrus 
Floyd in space  
Anyone got videos from summer time ball?   
cyber hippy swag   thank you wembleystadium CapitalOfficial 
Why would you bully someone I got ontofor bullying  
Cosmopolitan soooooo I read these out loud. Guys DEFF care what your vag look/smells like. We don't want stinky peen! 
LuizJozeMonster words effect people deeply. this isn't the first ive heard of your hurtful comments. again thank u for your art. 
LuizJozeMonster thank u 4 all the great drawings but say something like that about her again amp; youll wish u hadnt. 1 thing I wont tolerate. 
Its a good day 4 music Mikewillmadeit's new single  ft kendricklamar 1future and liltunechi 
alt_J following 666 
YO upwiseeealt_J: Premiere of the very first track, Hunger Of The Pine, from our new album on zanelowe on BBCR1 this Wednesday night. 
Just posted a photo 
 
HIGH_TIMES_Mag   
 
wigged woting wis wack wust wayin 
NICKIMINAJ verse on Monster just gave me actual goosebumps. Fuckkkkkkkkkkk 
Tonight's show is for MissCaley  
 
 
 
my favwiiiittttt noahcyrus 
homesick AF 
da homie noahcyrus 
Just posted a photo 
  
feewingvewwwwysweeeeeepy 
  waynecoyne5 
da homie noahcyrus 
Fwiday da Thirteenth  
she so kiewt noahcyrus   
Just posted a photo 
JohnKricfalusi1 dattttt loooooks  
joanjett 
ITSJEREMYSCOTT Moschino neeeed dattttt skirtttttttt  
RT  
Just posted a photo 
  
wtfishappening    braisoncyrus 
I used to always post pics on twitter and nevvvva on insta. Now I flipped it and reversed it. 
Hope I don't suck tonight   
 
Congrats to my bb and her bb LilKim  
Im alot of things. freak. dog lover. Weird "popstar". Flaming lips fan. Hippie. But my favorite thing that "I am" is a big sister noahcyrus 
Dsquared2 you hooooked me the fuckkkkkk uppppp  loooooooove looooove looooove you! Can't wait till next time  
sickasa 
annadellorusso knewwwww that was youuuuuu  
Roberto_Cavalli I'm in loooove  thankkkkkkk you 
morning choreography with noahcyrus   
  
Mikewillmadeit is dropping a new single   GET READY MAFACKAZ 
 
 
Just posted a photo 
sosadtoday: TAURUS: compulsive overeating CheyneThomas tishcyrus  
DO SUM W YO DAY amp; SAVE SUM PUPPIES  With a Little Help From My Fwends by The Flaming Lips 
I FINALLY GOT TO GO TO SPACE!!!!  then i woke up  
Not sure who started dis but we're not havin an official after party in Copenhagen tonight 
imsooooohomesickimissmypuppies 
RT  
emoooooo 
Follow me on Instagram if you're into weird dumb ass shit  
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
brianbowensmith adopt me? 
ladygaga is always in my dreams. Wtf does it mean? 
rubyjean_wilson Moschino ITSJEREMYSCOTT my  is gonna explode  
 puhhhlzzzzz 
I'm kinda lovin instagrammmm. Follllow meeeeee. 
Just posted a photo 
  
noahcyrus 
 
Just posted a photo 
Follow me on Instagram. I'm gettin into it. 
wtfishappening  
turn up  
Fucking turn on the PJ ps no this isn't in FF 
  
Just posted a photo 
waynecoyne5  
Just posted a photo 
if it wasn't for the show tonight I would lay in bed and miss Floyd alllllll day. 
 
so fuckin homesick 
ya know when you just cry in the shower for no reason  
RobertsEmma duuuuuude  
Braisoncyrus go out and get us some  
 has taken over my instaaaaa 
  braisoncyrus 
MarcJacobsIntl u take such good care of meeeeee  I lurvvvvvvvv all my new  
HYPER  
hoooooomesiiiiiick 
whywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy 
  
 
 
 waynecoyne5 
 
  
Biew shielding himself from the   
smillllerrrrrrzzzz  
Wednesday night in Oslo. Trippppy asss fucccckkk it's stilll sooooo brighhhhhhhttttttttt  I fuckin love dis city 
mikeschmid    
 mikeschmid   
  
  
My hawt date  
Niiiiiiice 
 = me obvi MariahCarey amp; Monte Carlo  life is fucking grannnndddddddddd 
pre show turn up  
Just posted a photo 
my bb carlynecerfdedudzeele  
  waynecoyne5 stevendrozd mishhhhh yiew 
Just posted a photo 
   
  
that. never. happened. 
Just posted a photo 
jamesfrancotv  
guess who the bangerz tour latest guest star izzzzz  
I dwewwww summm pwettty 
Freakkkkkkkk  
   
theflaminglips    
  
kenzo   
Fish amp; fuckinnnnn chips 
 
Just posted a photo 
Yoooo theflaminglips 
waynecoyne stevendrozd 
britneyspears  
Hiiiiiiiiiiiii cheynethomas 
  cheynethomas  
Fuuuuuuuck 
is the black at the end good? 
missing these precious little babies  
theflaminglips the fact that u freaks r dancin around as rainbow amp; mushies right now is makin me smile  
 
sad pupils are beautiful too.... humans. we looooove to feel sorry for ourselves don't we...ive read... 
   
I know the root of all this is I just miss my Floyd  
StylishCyrus not that easy 
MySmilerSide don't have it. I'm stuck in a hotel room with the same shitty movies as all the other 50 hotels I've stayed at. 
I wanna either be doing shows or be at home  
 
Ohhhh ahhhh ayyyyy turn up 
MileyCyrusBz I haven't slept either 
theBrandiCyrus I miss my pups  
come on jet lag give it a fuckin rest. Ughhhhhhhhh. 5 am. cant sleep. perks???? breakfast is now available  
 
Singin  to my baby mama ScarJo  
It's LIVE 
waynecoyne5 zacharyancox katy_weaver  
zacharyancox la_bakers 
nice zacharyancox labakers 
I miss my best friend  
just woke up from a dream about Floyd. why did I have to wake up?  
waynecoyne5 katy_weaver  
fucked myself over. slept all day. up all night. 
mostly missing my puppies 
a lil homesick 
thelittleidiot can't help it. Jealous.  
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
I love skyferreria amazonashley69 zacharyancox waynecoyne5 
I love these people waynecoyne5 katy_weaver 
waynecoyne5    
twinkleswinkle that toe.   
Dirty. Hippie. tishcyrus  
runwaymodel88 ditto 
 
waynecoyne I love you more  
thebrandicyrus braisoncyrus noahcyrus tracecyrus you hear that? :) :) :) :) :) :)  
Is ladygaga in Europe anytime soon 
Sethrogen lets hit some knees sometime  
lenadunham happppy birffffday  you share one with my mamaaaaa 
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
 
this peace paint party turned into a peace paint prop party tishcyrus  
tishcyrus  birfffday. it's your birfffday.  
peace paint with MT for her bdayyyyyyyy tishcyrus  
DIANEMARTELOFF brushing my teef for like 10 hours  
Bad Days- theflaminglips  
Apparently my knee is my  Sethrogen evil twin  
I never want hateful things being said about those I care about... I was just tooooo turnttttt up  
I don't usually respond to tabloidy stuff but this isn't something I want being spread around. It sounded hateful but not what I meant. 
just FYI what I said the other night at G.A.Y had nothing to do with Liam. I was just tryin to rile up the boys. 
katy_weaver   
phone crashed  
 GAY  
mikeschmid  
 I fucking love you Scotland    
   
 
MileyFontesCom MileyArmy thank u bb  
missing my baby wabbby  
gypsyhearttour  
I'm gonna puke   
bury me here  
bury me here  
 
uggabugga 
Just posted a photo 
Mother's Day site seein with my mommy tishcyrus  
 
cheynethomas she so kiewt  
Happy Mother's Day mama tishcyrus  
Nice. 
Having fun makes you happy. Y'all should try it sometime. 
Thank you GAY  JeremyJoseph and Jacob of course 
GAY turnnnn the fuck up!  
mertalas shit got cray   
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
 
 mertalas macpiggott   
this one is titled     
happppy biiiiiirfday to my beloved diamooooond  
sir-hoots-a-lot 
Yoooooo mtvuk thank you and I'm glad you dug the show YOU DA  
lilyallen thanks for coming suga mama 
TheBlondsNY fucking KILLED my new liewkkkkz.   
18 milllllllliiiii  
but first....   
going croque monsieur    
going croque monsieur   filmed by mombergz 
going croque monsieur       
going croque monsieur leesaamarie      
I can't fucking wait forrrrr the shooowwwww tonight  
going croque monsieur leesaamarie    
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT pt 2  
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a video 
 
big blue cock  
  
my mama is a wicked hippie tooooooooo  
   
LISA IN THE SKYYYY WITH  
no filtaaaa    so fuckinnngggg HAPPY to be back on the 
YoungbloodHawke dude 1future is a fucking poet  
   cannnnnnttt waiiiit for Amsterdam   
    
  CheyneThomas 
    
we better be going to fucking space  
so fucking xxxited to get back on touuuuuuuurrrrrr  
nice. 
Why am I not at The Womb right now  
Happy   
It's may 1st  April you were a real piece of  
 
R u fucking kidding me?!?!?!??  
spoke to soon  
was Ryan trying to get me to STFU? 
waaaaaait dooooooo iiiiiiii tallllkkkk realllllllly fassssst??????? 
BANGERZ Tour comes to Europe fridaaaayyyy!  
Hiiiiiiiiii SayHiToBrandon  
magggggiiiical growinnnnngggg roxxxxxx  
STOP KICKING wayneflaminglip69 OFF FUCKING INSTAGRAM!     
 
waynecoyne katy_weaver 
Just posted a photo 
Sparkle Doodles s Candy Suga Drop Snuggle Bunny  CheyneThomas 
 
reading books so i don't die a famous pop pop dumb dumb  
seriously EMO  
Happy 420/ Easter!  I'll be where I've been the passed week. In bed. Crying. NOT stoned. wackkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
boutta be the wackest 4/20 ever  
stevendrozd is it as  as the mmmbop  
Special pink robot ( but yellow ) mamp;ms!!!  
those evil natured robots theyre programmed 2 destroy us shes g2 b strong 2 fight them so shes takin lots of vitaminz 
 
 waynecoyne katy_weaver 
the Easter bunny came  aka waynecoyne katy_weaver 
my 1st night sleeping all the way thru by myself. no nurses needed  now up for breathinggg treatments. PLZ say Im on the  road 2 recovery! 
sux seeing everyone havin fun in Nashville. My home town amp; the place I was looking the most forward to. Pissed off  everything/everyone rn. 
Rescheduled Bangerz Dates  08/01 Uniondale NY 08/02 PhillyPA 08/04 PittsburgPA 08/06 Charlotte NC 08/07 Nashville TN 08/09 LouisvilleKY 
I am a RAINBOW WARRIOR  
sick of waking up to needles    
shut the fuck up amp; let me heal. stop scaring my family, friends, amp; fans. OFFICIAL STATEMENT 
So many ignorant stories out there no one is reading the official statement and these dumb asses are scaring my fans. Please read official 
can't quit crying  i wanna go back on tour. im meant to be onstage performing for y'all.... not laying in a hospital bed  
over the hospital  I miss    so sleeeeepy   
FaceTime with my baby from the hosppppyyy  
WeAdoreMiley trust me we are on it. 
the hospital is sayin i wont b released today therefore Im not going 2 make it 2 St Louis. Im so sorry but somethings are outta my control. 
I can't get a hold of my team because it is so early so I want to be the one to tell my fans especially the ones trekking to get there(tbc) 
humans can b so selfish. if any1 thinks id rather b layin n a hospital bed than doing what i love on stage theyre fuckin LAME. im miserable 
ThePaigeWhite babe as of right now I'm still in the hospital  I just don't want any of my fans to pissed off or disappointed. 
mizzzzzeraaabbblleeee  
Hospital TV is wacccckkkkkkk!!!!! 
"People are evil, it's true."  
OurFemaleRebel trust me. I hate this. amp; I hate hospitals. amp; I hate needles. amp; I hate laying in a bed bored AF. amp; I hate feeling . 
Mr. Octopussy amp; some amazing Drs are taking good care of me  
Kansas I promise Im as  as you are. I wanted so badly 2 b there 2night.  Not being with yall makes me feel shittier than I already do  
da moonhaaaaa 
CheyneThomas playing the role of Squidward  MAJORLAZER:  "DO I LOOK STONED?"  "NAAH BRO YOU GOOD" 
blooooood moooooon  
fever fever go away 
stevendrozd 
LuizJozeMonster no more kissing fans 
I woke up like disssss   
why is this cough coming back    
 
MJ amp;   
bitches be like   
Just posted a photo 
Watching LOL while gettin ready for my show tonight. Wish I could rewind and go back for a bit  DouglasBooth JohnzoWest leesaamarie 
 with noahcyrus   
teach me how to noie  noahcyrus 
 
MileyUpdateEU gypsyhearttour amp; SAFE! That's the most important part of loving a puppy. They depend on you  
gypsyhearttour my friends mom who has a tiny pup 4 him 2 play with Molly  After wht happened Im scared 2 have a tiny dog  
MileyHappyFloyd  fuckin bangerzzzzz 
Moonie, thank you for giving me so much love, comfort, amp; peace. It's just to soon for me right now   
Missed the   
  
I feel happy. Hope this stays a while.     
Alfalfa lookin maaaafakkka 
ear lixxxx   
In honor of    
Floyd Friday is trending worldwide  
 is now Floyd Friday  
which means it's technically     
  (2 hours late but whatevzzzz) 
leesaamarie noahcyrus   disneywords: Im so hungry. I could eat a whole elephant. Rolly (101 Dalmatians) 
Pharrell  noahcyrus pretty  
a fucking big ass wet kiss    
   
Charlotte I really am so sorry I didn't make it  amp; Raleigh thank you for helping heal my physical and emotional pain  
Thank you billboard music awards!   
excruciating pain 
Mary Jane misses Floyd too  
But I just gotta take it one day at a time and take in all the love little Moonie is giving me  
Just don't know if it's to soon  I still have so much love to give my Floydy  
I was/still kinda am torn about Moonie bc I would do anything 2 hold Floyd. But I can't  Moonie is giving me so much  amp; 1 day  a time 
 ELLEmagazine  MarcJacobsIntl  I  MJ 
Thank you Brooklyn   
Thank you skyferreira   I love you  
So torn. I love having little Moonie cuddle w me and Mary Jane  but just don't know if I'm ready to love again  
I wanna go home. But I don't wanna go home to a home with no Floyd  5 am. Can't sleep. Playing Barclays tomorrow. guide me rainbow Floyd  
"I bet you get so sick of people telling you ITS OK...When you're not ok. It's not ok. " noahcyrus  
MileyHappyFloyd Flaming Lips are my peace/meditation music.  
 I can't handle this  
Im trying 2 tweet about it rather than screaming and waking up the entire hotel! I wanna fucking screaaam. Im so fucking angry at the world. 
I. Want. My. Friend. Back.  
Maybe I'm not ready yet.... But being alone won't bring him back to me.....  I'm at a loss I don't know what to do  
I feel physically sick  amp; I am so emotionally and physically exhausted I feel like I have nothing else to give sweet baby Moonie  
 I wanna sleep but all I can do is cry  I never wanna go home to a house where Floyd isnt running amp; playing  how do I get thru this 
"We can't trade places our lives are strangely our own. M.A.D tell me for everyone that dies someone new is born" 
Can't wait to introduce Bean and Happy to Moonie  Currently soakin up some Moonie amp; Mary Jane.... so many emotions I am exhausted. 
 no one could ever replace my baby Floyd but this precious angel is lendin me some fur to cry on  along with my other babies  
my mama knew my heart was broken  amp; this morning I woke up to Moonie kisses  
getting choked out by Mary Jane has never felt soooo good  
crackin a smile thanks to Mary Jane  
Didn't think there could be a day shittier than yesterday or the day before that... then I woke up this morning.  
I'm fucking miserable  
pupil 
Love in our life is just too valuable to feel for even a second without it. But life without death is just impossible 
this is the 3rd worst day of my life. I am beyond miserable. 
what you don't understand is he's not in a better place  the best place he could be was with me... where he was loved more than anything  
I miss him so much  
sometimes pf changs knows just what you need to hear  
 sad pupil 
I'm sorry in advance if I am not myself tomorrow Boston. I will try my best to be my best  
I am miserable 
I know I don't mean it but I wish he would've taken me with him  this is unbearable. What am I gonna do without him? 
I don't wanna say it because I don't want it to be real... But my precious baby Floyd has passed away  I am broken 
Today is the 2nd worst day of my life  
Pupil  
This feels sooooooooo good 
Fuck dat Canadian bitch avrillavigne  
   
Sad dying horse  
I didn't mean to be late Toronto  
  mikewillmadeit neffheadwear   
goodnight motherfuckers  
 /   
Cosmopolitan my vagina does have tricks but lipsyncing isnt 1 of em. My pussys got back up singers   no pun intended 
 meets  meets  meets  meets   
TEYANATAYLOR how do I get one?!?! 
Dudes be like  
 
 
  mikewillmadeit 
  
mikewillmadeit    
Stank you. Smelly much. 
   
Mary Kate and Ashley are EVERYTHING.  
gotta get turnt with muah BFF mikewillmadeit on his birfffday   
Happy birfffday to muah BFF MikeWiLLMadeIt  
StylishCyrus It was all about Margiela moments in Miami this tweakend 
hurtin but it's worth it    
 with amazonashley67   
This bitch leesaamarie ripped up all our photos and this is all that survived atsimourtos   
 a difference this  with drop4drop 
  Margiela 
atsimourtos we sooooo kiewt  
harpersbazaarus NATALIEEEEE! She sooooo KIEWT  
needa get outta this weird mood 
  
Fuck yeah! waynecoyne  
Someone pleasssse put my head on waynecoyne body  
MileyOfficial happy bday babyyyy  
looking for something psychedelic chic...... Hmmmmm 
  
Bitch stole your look waynecoyne   
Quick change today is gonna be a realllllllllll bitch   
    
 yasss that's a bruise on my arssss   
sleeping in gives me anxiety. What I miss? 
    
  courtesy of noahcyrus 
Glad my beanie was inside out all night  alana_greszata  
 waynecoyne 
Just posted a photo 
 
My yellow coming off  waynecoyne katy_weaver 
   
  
Night 2 with Musso  sad to leave Houston  
beyonce    
 
  noahcyrus  
  
   
   
waynecoyne   
JasperDolphin come see me in Houston!!!! 
just when I was asking my mom is mitchelmusso stood me up....   
JuliaAllynn NeffHeadwear I gotchuuuu guuuurl 
amazonashley67    
support the healing amp; education of former child soldiers by donating  enter to win a night with the weeds cast  
SaintBarthe in the zooooone  
 
I had the best day of my life today amp;amp;amp; it stared out hung over.    
   waynecoyne katy_weaver    
   I waynecoyne katy_weaver  
 
my life right now thanks to waynecoyne stevendrozd katy_weaver    
 obvi  
I don't get near enough private time but I did bring my rubber fist  
   
Don't forget the balls (kegals that is)  
Case. Cuz I'm always prepared.  
Sky Ferreira  
 
  
 
   
waynecoyne stevendrozd    
  
waynecoyne fuck yeah! 
goodnight Dallas  
Go Ashley Go Ashley Go Ashley Go Bitch  amazonashley67 
 mikeschmid jammmmminnnnn 
    
right back into song aftaaa I telllllll em   
"We look gooooood. Am I allowed to say that???" noahcyrus  
haileybaldwin gooooooooooddddammmmmm  
 skyferreira duhhhhhh 
Why can't I ever just feel good. I feel like I've had a cold since October. 
Dallas hoes 
Cheers Dallas  
Anyone here in Dallas?! 
 Caradelevingne  
YAAAAAS CrackerBarrel 
 
Missing this little guy so much I want to cry  
Why am I the only one up?!?? Boooored 
Woke up from my nightmare with haaaarable taaaarable sore throat  
I hate nightmares  
Preshow    
 jacocaraco  
  
   
Show must go on :( 
Never happened to me before. But I love my fans as much as they love me! I couldn't miss 23  
not a new outfit for 23  I didn't make my quick change and I couldn't not come out for the song so I just had to run out in my undies :( 
Shhhhhitz a wiiiiig  cheythom 
I feel like I'm at a Bangerz themed wedding  
I'm an obsessive compulsive bather  
Yo! Don't miss COSMOS Sunday night at 9 on Fox! Be there or be  SethMacFarlane 
That was quick bitch 
leesaamarie RealDenikaB    
Love you amazonashley67 
 eos 
MAAAFAKKKAZ Moschino ITSJEREMYSCOTT 
78Violet love u baby 
I hate when I dream about hot guys that don't exist  
just woke up :( throat still hurts  
Throat hurts  
Ruler of my   Omaha 
it ain't me babe   
Dontchyouuuu act like you didn't lurvvvvv it  katyperry 
Girl if ur worried abt where tongues have been good thing ur ex boo is ur EX BOO cause we ALL know where THAT  been 
   
Denver you were suppppper rad  thank you for such a rad day off   
Happy bday to that kiewt cunt leesaamarie  
I'm over it (a la McDonald's theme song) 
ITSJEREMYSCOTT Moschino   
ITSJEREMYSCOTT Moschino not a bad wayyyyy to come back to   
 
  
walked outta the house today with my  
KREAYSHAWN my kind  cheers 
sooooooooo effffffing kiewwwwt   
thank you DIANEMARTELOFF      
Happy bday freakabritt  
Pharrell stoked for my big bro amp; to be apart of this record   
I wasn't wiping of your kiss pretty girl just your dark lipstick that was all over my face  thanks for coming to the show mystery babe x 
melissaruderman    
iconapop  
jeffbeacher we don't fuck around 
Xxxited for iconapop  Vegas turnnnn allllllll the way up for my boooooz! 
Vegas!!!! Show skyferreira some lurvvvvv tonight  dats muahhh bishhhh right durrrrr  
Felix on my shirt. Felix on my shirt. Felix on my shirt. So get like me!  (a la 23) 
Mr jeffbeacher   
skyferreira      
 Phoenix, AZ  I'm coming for you next  
   Vegas did my diiiiiiiiirtttttty. Tonight's gonna be an interesting show  
1123  
Crab amp; French Toast. Sketchhhh combo. 
Does anyone have video from adore you last night with heymattpeterson  
heymattpeterson thank you for a prom night i i will never forget =] 
 
"I'm surprised they let her on Disney channel with the last name Stoner." - CheyneThomas 
  
MeltsLOVEbuddy done! 
MeltsLOVEbuddy on repeat  
Regram BR00KECANDY AYYY KAYY AYYY my new label sista! Welcome to RCA bishhhy! Happy 2 have you apart of da fam bam! 
I was waiting on a moment, but the moment never came  
   
Teleporting to the acoustic stage    
 
Kaqui_ are you kidding me?!    
 
MySmilerSide don't know me like that ;) 
As long as my bitches love me  
I don't think people realize how much energy I put into my shows amp; how much their bad energy brings me down. 
 
THIS is what I meant to tweet johnzowest bobdylan 
Round amp; Round amp; AWAY WE GO  
Ain't she a beaut???? leesaamarie 
Btw this is photoshopped. Biebs wasn't at Pharrels bday party. I never read this shit amp; that's why. 
I would rather choke on my own tongue 
MeltsLOVEbuddy ft Muah - Smoke Signals. Check it out 
 sure knows how to make a bitch look really shady     
 
Cat walk. Slick talk. Flirtin with them BIG dogs. Why I need his millis when I got Billy on the speed dial.  
I  Gifs! Smilers send me some good ones from  
 
 Oakland y'all ready?! 
Braisoncyrus you Wukong 
bieberfollowme4 gypsyhearttour soooooooooo kiewwwwwwt  
Best cure for a gnarly hang over  
Love this article. Thank you. 
MeltsLOVEbuddy can't wait until Tuesday Buddddddy  
tishcyrus come take care of me :( i have a sore throat. i told everybody I leave everything I got on stage, I don't think they believed me. 
Layin in bed trippin over my life  My fans dont even understand every single scream, every lyric they sing back to me... keeps me alive.  
wait?!?!?!?!?! I performed in front of HilaryDuff ?!?!?! xxxcuse me while I go fan giiiiiiiiirl  
RealFloydCyrus 135. 
MsSarahPaulson I owe you some entertainment for all of it that you've given me! Thank you for coming last night! That show was a trip!  
I gooooootttttttta stop puttin random ass panties in my mouth  BUT you know what they say  
went to bed  6 woke up  9  ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
skyferreira    
CheyneThomas literally. 
katyperry   
skyferreira is the fuckinnnn TRUTH 
heading down to Staples for my LA show tonight   marcjacobsintl thanks for my new sunnies  
Not a bad way to wake up  but who are you from?  
waynecoyne im soooooo fucking xxxxxited  
you make me a morning person.  
I'm sorry but I just can't quit thinking about it. ITSJEREMYSCOTT fucking killllllllled it!  I'm soooo happy for muah babezzz! 
JessayLightt happy biiiiirrrfffdaaayyy babearooooo  
YAAAS   
noahcyrus's video 
Smile for me Floydy (whatchu lookin at?!) I wanna see yo grilzzzz (u wanna see my whaaaaat) yo yo grillz 
can't remember the last time I was still in bed at noon  
Exhausted. I leave everything on the stage every night. Nothing left to give today. Happy to have a day to just be. 
please someone come baby me :( 
mikewillmadeit most supportive producer in the game  
skyferreira sounds so fucking good 
TheGirlw7Things I tried to make my own and the nixxxxed them  
My grandmama hate it. But my Lil Mama luvvvv it.  
get turnt for Anaheim tonight  1future 
You ain't from Russia so bitch why you Rushinnn   
Found slutty santas left over Candy Canes from Jingle Ball in my coat pocket (I ate them ALL)  
Save your complaints for the McDonalds drive thru when they forget the "fries with that"  
You can't say I didn't warn you. Now sit back relax amp; enjoy the show.  
We gonna celebrate tomorrow night Anaheim!    
I went platinum today?!?!  yayyyyyyyyyyyy! 
kenbakernow jean on jean  
"Lookin like a boss thoooooo, In head 2 toe Costcooooooo" WorkaholicsCC 
tyrabanks dreams do come true 
 
  
Watch the  Video CedricGervais 
tyrabanks ahhhhh call me I wanna hang out with Eve all day 
  
That shizzzz got up in my brainnnnnnn. Had me a lil but dizzzzmoooooo   
 whos coming?!?! Anaheim you're next xxx 
I need a hurrrrr cut. 
cheynethomas Bubba Biew Bubba Bubba Bubba Biew 
So did my guuuurl runwaymodel88   
amp; a Jay Z song was on.... amp; a jay z jay z jay z jay z  LABakers went hammmmm tonight 
alana_greszata love youuuu my little    
Braisoncyrus WhatTheFFacts yummmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyy 
TheGirlw7Things  
We want   
MarcJacobsIntl kegrand My Marc Jacobs dress as seen in my SS14 campaign is one of my favorite looks  
Up amp; at em! 2nd show   Vancouver was turnt up! Tacoma I hope you're ready for this  
4 reasons to follow guskenworthy ( melts into 1,001 pieces) 
biew biews   cheynethomas 
oh em gee tishcyrus 
TeamOfMiley MileyArmy alt_J  
noahcyrus    
Tweet SaturdayOnline tonight and request Adore You!  
 
I don't pop I rock    
Thank you RollingStone  
   
$$$$  
Fucking bangerzzz 
   
iconapop after partayyyy- tayyyyyy 
gypsyhearttour nope! me tooooooo  
RealFloydCyrus merch isn't done! even the shows getting more elements added :)   
So ready for   iconapop kill it hoes! 
Best valentine evvvverrrrr  
I don't know if it's Valentines Day or  but I'm most definitely having a panic attack  
I'm freakkkkking out 
MySmilerSide I can't even explain the feeling. I can't sleep! I'm semi freaking out   
  
Check out my  by CedricGervais hoes  
SNOWBORT  
gypsyhearttour stylekreep I wanna knowwww  
MySmilerSide eternal sunshine of the spotless mind  
You didn't know me at all, but I was happy to explain. 
If God lent his voice to me to speak I'd say "Go to bed, world"  
MileyCyrusBz one door closes amp; another one opens (and then you ride a giant hot dog thru it)  
You can have ANYTHING you want, but u have to decide WHAT u want. Keep your  set on it. Make every step take u closer to where u wanna be. 
I feel a mixture of butterflies/knives in my tummy   
feeling pukey  
Guess what I found?!?! :) 
  
ROOTING FOR MY BIEW BIEW CheyneThomas  
yummmm   
  CheyneThomas 
RobertsEmma  you! Happy bday hoe! 
Last day of  rehearsals then Vancouver for opening night  
JessayLightt this just made me cry  
 
MileeyUpdatesUK happy bday babe 
SHOWBIZZZZ    
 
  
OMG! 17 milllllioooonnn  thxxxx smilerzzzzz 
gypsyhearttour who made this? Soooo dope 
I am human and I need to be loved. Just like everybody else does. I  the smiths 
ExtraMileyCyrus Mary Jane is on tour with me now :) were outta town rehearsing xo 
heymattpeterson PuHlEaSe 
 rehearsal  up amp; at em with Mary Jane  
this dmx/zimmerman bullshit is some BULLSHIT  where murderers are made celebrities. this better not be true. 
MileyTeamWW Kaqui_ dooooope  
Dear Matt Peterson, I don't think I'll be able to make it to prom BUT why don't you come to my AZ show amp; hang w me? Don't forget a corsage 
 
Andrej_Pejic love you mooooe  
Anyone check out my ArcticMonkeys cover? 
MileyUpdateEU that's not me :( 
gypsyhearttour my mommmmmm might. I'll ask her :) 
this commercial is no where to be found  
like what?! 
can Smilers please find an oldie but a goodie. My breakout roll in the Banquet Homestyle Baked Bean commercial starring Lee Ann Womack.  
MileyArmy point proven.  
 realdenikab 
6 days  
hi  
Pregame w runwaymodel88   
DIANEMARTELOFF face time with    
 rehearsals  
 
selfie on selfie on selfie  
BTS  carlynecerfdedudzeele  mariotestino 
MikeWiLLMadeIt it is! 
German Smilers make sure to pick up German Vogue by Mario Testino  
Hoes! 
In good company at rehearsals  dollyparton 
 1 week 
1future MikeWiLLMadeIt Pharrell PUSHA_T  
gypsyhearttour stylekreep  me so corny me me so corny 
MileyArmy waynecoyne dopppppe 
   
 rehearsals hoe! 
skyferreira it's here don't chuuuu worry   
waynecoyne I kinda wanna make this my header 
blonde angel     
waynecoyne MileyArmy mileysking yooooo lets make the coolest dude ever a super cool header to match   
very xxxited about this cover  
I  you mariotestino 
Coming soon in wmag "bed time portraits By mertalas amp; macpiggott" so xxxited check it out 2 see the real deal 
  MTV 
up amp; at em with Mary Jane  last few days of rehearsal   
bitches be like  cheynethomas 
Hoping for 20 million followers by 2015  
myownmiley bootleg 
CheyneThomas mackkkkkin  
 
2 months no cigs   
 mertalas macpiggott  
I love you my babbbbiezzzzz mertalas macpiggott     
wmag      
wmag 
la familia  
Just turnt Courtney onto therealjuicyj   
 (no this is not a penis wearing a foam finger) 
mileysking your edits are dope 
joeldavidmoore same :( 
WeAdoreMiley  lt;----- that's me. dead. 
woke up with butterflies in my belly (wtf no butterfly emojis but they've got caterpillars! how am I supposed to show my metamorphosis?!?!) 
 'Invisible' for FREE now and $1 goes to support RED's fight against AIDS.  
 cheynethomas  
  
 simoneharouche   
Rockin out to skyferreira by myself in my favorite hat of all time BE VERY JELLY OF MY SUPER COOL SATURDAY 
Selfie in the dopest gift of all time from madonna   
Packing for   
carmelhelene  
MileeyUpdatesUK MySmilerSide that ain't my ass 
gypsyhearttour 
a snitch bitch that's that  I don't like 
gypsyhearttour love  
Cut biew biew with my Cartier  
waynecoyne MileyArmy  
Bieber on the brain Cosmopolitan 
fucktyler 
simoneharouche year of the horse 
MileyCyrusTour happy bday boooooo 
MileyUpdateEU proud of you  
vij_photo stephstonenails ditto 
MySmilerSide someone put make up on a baby  wish I could tell my younger self "less is more"  hope my fans know how purrrty they are  
iamwill yoooooooo feelin myself is blowin uppppp in da UK  
"If you're a woman who believes in gender equality,youre a feminist. If youre a man who believes in gender equality,youre a feminist too" 
Jay Leno swag watch me tonight talk about  
snooki thankkkks shhhhnoooooks  
gypsyhearttour I thinkkkkk rooting for my baby  or DO MY THANG was really funnnnnn! 
What was your favorite song on Miley Unplugged?  
MileyHappyFloyd I just had a heart attack! 
Thank you RollingStone 
JuliaAllynn  
Can y'all send me everything please 
Can someone send me adore you unplugged 
mikeschmid  
I SPANKED Madonna (hard) (amp; she liked it) 
Everyone check out Miley Unplugged on MTV tonight  9  madonna  
Just channeling my inner fairy god mother  
Make sure you watch Miley Unplugged tonight on MTV  
gypsyhearttour mothermiley sooooooooo   
madonna YEEEE MAAAAA FUCKINNNN HAAAWWW YALLLL  
ITS WE WHO BOUT THAT LIFE!  
MTV UNPLUGGED  
YAAAAAS skyferreira 
some days i wanna just lay in bed and google Elvis all day. but then i get realllllly depressed.  
wizkhalifa I DO  
Congrats big bro Pharrell  
video of tonights performance  
photo from my performance this evening....  
I needa buy an eye lash curler. 
my fav pic of the night/possibly ever. iamkelis  
photo 
probably gonna listen to skyferreira all day while I clean  
Gonna do some serious cleaning/organizing today. My favorite way to spend a day off!   
thank you CalvinKlein for last night  I felt like the prettiest pink teddy bear xox 
had a rad girls night with my mommy amp; sis. Thank you Clive Davis for being so wonderful as always  
I'm xxxxxited for tonight's festivities  
hey Cosmopolitan I'm just sitting around unable to control my "libido" amp; my "reproductive system". WBU? How's your Friday? 
I woke up with "Channing all over your Tatum" stuck in my head. Thanks jimmykimmel 
I wish Rebecca Black would wake me up with a live performance of "Friday" every Friday for the rest of my life. 
Getting inspired.  
TheGirlw7Things  
how the f do you turn off spell check?!?! 
don't know who made this but it's fucking awesome  
oh em gee  
this almost just gave me a  attack!  
I  Humpday   
gypsyhearttour BAHAHAHAHA 
What time does workaholics premier tonight?!?!?! 
+ sick + tired + hormonal = 
if your thinkin of tryin to pull some bulllllshitttttttt on me TODAY AINT THE DAY TO DO IT HUNNI  
2014 is the year of TAKE  FROM NO ONE   
my neighbors bout to think I'm reallllllllll narcissistic.  on dem surrrrround sounnnndddd maaaa faxxxx 
Listening to  all day  
 OG HilaryDuff 
majorly stressing out/so much to do before  
Petco. Where the pets go. Literally. 
Thanks for knowing about 1123 Keurig  
sick of being sick  
78Violet until it's stuck in your fucking head for weeks never ending.  
DIANEMARTELOFF babies first Bubbas  
Cosmopolitan mine are certainly no fancy dancy "dental cuffs" . These are straight bubba teeth yallllllll  Bob Mackie + Rite Aid =  
MTVBuzzworthy It makes me so sad when I see my young fans wearing make up  nooooot cute  
they need to make rainbow gaytorade  
Miley Unplugged is already trending  
MTV PRESENTS MILEY CYRUS: MTV UNPLUGGED YALL  check it out January 29th!  
theBrandiCyrus JuliaAllynn NO ONE will ever understand! 
MTVBuzzworthy I'm 21 years old that's how. You don't need foundation to look "fresh faced" in your 20s WE ARE FRESH   
CheyneThomas where?!?!?!?? 
my fucking head hurts  
throw back Monday. I wish I could go back to SNL  
Spaghetti-Os are all that sounds good to me. 
make sure you check out my issue of THELOVEMAGAZINE    
Shine bright. Shine far. Don't be shy. BE A STAR!  Watching Life Size in honor of the sequel  
gypsyhearttour whhhhhhhhhaaaaaat?! 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG   tyrabanks 
everything hurts  
Regretting all the times I wanted to be grown up as a kid  
Teletubbies BTS 
people talk so much shit about people who do the exact same shit they do.   
I have the worst stomach flu of all time. 
up all night to get pukey :( 
gypsyhearttour my nails 
they r giving me an anxiety attack 
got cray w my nailzzzzz  
We   cheynethomas stylekreep gypsyhearttour  
MySmilerSide  
how I feel deep down inside  
in the mood to do some make up shopping 
it feels so late 
small talk is annnoooooyyyyyyinggggg 
where'd all my good flannels gooooo? 
 
MySmilerSide just finished werking. 2 hours till radio!  
"Crotchless panties for everyone!" My kind of Supreme   RobertsEmma  
0luckyclover0 those ain't my titties 
gypsyhearttour life complete. 
Up amp; at em to do some radio amp; talk about  Good thing I'm a morning person  
YAAAAAAAAS 
I write amp; erase to you all day..... 
pressssshhhhhhh  
I can't wait to be on tourrrrrrrrrrr 
Mary-Jaaaaaaaaane  
 
Dude where's my couture? tishcyrus noahcyrus  
MySmilerSide yea! amp; all ya gotta do is ask and ill show ya some real ones  
    
Calling all young, talented , thirsty photographers.... 
happy birthday to one of my favorite artists OF alllllll time waynecoyne  
I love being alone on sundays  
I can't even take my dog for a walk on a Sunday. Paps suck a fat . Yes. Suck a fat Eggplant. 
tooooo. muuuuuuch. . 
MileyUpdateEU I'm not really that emo ;) 
"When you need someone you just turn around amp; I will be there. When you're feeling low baby let me know amp; I will be there..." britneyspears 
MileyUpdateEU I lol. DW  
why are people sooooo seriousoooo? 
I get called an ugly lesbian a lot more than one would think. Or maybe not. Can u atleast call me an interesting lesbian. I hate the U word. 
I  Xtina  
  
 
 MY britneyspears 
From the bottom of my ....... 
"Sometimes" - britneyspears on repeat.   
I love starting a twitter war with someone right across from me.  
CheyneThomas eats  
you can't listen to much alt-j alone.   
I've officially had a cough for over a month! Wtffffffff 
cry-baby it is 
no "Pink Flamingos" on Apple TV?!  
vij_photo thought that was me :( 
"It's like some hood Phil Collins shit."- MikeWiLLMadeIt  
Happy Birrrrffffffday noahcyrus  
MARC JACOBS SS14 
MarcJacobsIntl MJ SS14 Campaign shot by David Sims!  
BR00KECANDY I have that  
hair cut 
my new avi is sooooo extra  
rubyjean_wilson I've seen this  CheyneThomas 
gypsyhearttour  
Why is it so damn easy to "favorite"shit? Really makes ya look like a creeper.  
gypsyhearttour is that a vibrator? 
ITSJEREMYSCOTT Moschino I just had a  attack 
CheyneThomas I hope you know.... Nunu saw your Tutu  
Jacobs by Marc by Marc Jacobs  
adore you is on the radio  
Wearing my invisaline for the 1st time in a while. Fucking OWWW. 
skyferreira duuuuuude  
when is workaholics coming back?!?!?? 
I wake up everyday with the most beautiful girl in the world holding me    
wifey 
HAPPY ARMENIAN CHRISTMAS  
Why can't I get better?!?? 
xedwardsmine_ MileyUpdateEU jelenasdream SICK  
Watch  best documentary I've watched in a while. It made me smile  
lost phone lt; made dope  WHATS IMPORTANT IN LIFE  
Sick :( 
Best big bro ever  Pharrell I've been waiting for this bagggg for a year!!!!  
I can't handle this. Tooooooooo cute  
GeorgeIsTooCool MySmilerSide MileyUpdateEU Mileys_Bun MileyCyrusBz dope  
gypsyhearttour alex_manole you da shit 
MileycyruzBR MileyUpdateEU iSparflyDestiny dope  
 
MileyShakesItUp MySmilerSide MileyUpdateEU uhhhhhmazing  
MUUURRRG SHOT  
best night ever  DIANEMARTELOFF 
pediiiiiiizzzz with stephstonenails  
Cosmopolitan and the ass hole who started it (mail online) took that  down. Don't FCk with  
CheyneThomas ImMileysBoo oh my god I just screamed! This is the best thing ever! This is me and biews relationship in a GiF! LOLLOLLOL 
I look like ET in my last 2 Instagram posts.  
freakabritt I'm obsessed with this  you muahhhh booooo  
ehshinealight MySmilerSide doooope  
don't worry. getting 2 the bottom of this shit. making the liar retract the statement. U can cause ALOT of drama but NOT between me amp; B! 
gypsyhearttour Hahahajajahahaha that made me laugh! It's fucking creepy! I don't even talk like that. Hahaha 
MileyUpdateEU nah I choose 2 ignore his existence. The world would b a much better place if every1 did the same. Maybe then he'll disappear 
gypsyhearttour where was that even from? 
Thank god I just woke up from this nightmare. 
How are people allowed to make up shit amp; then out quotes around it saying I said that shit! WTF!!?! 
That quote people MADE UP about Beyonce just made me lol! Imagine if I said I got "the looks and the curves I'm just better!" Bahahahhaha 
cyrusthewanted happy birrrrfday boo  
like mother like daughter  
everyone's turnt down on the 1st day of a new year  
Yay!!!! They caught our NY midnight kiss! Happy New Years RyanSeacrest amp; thank you for having me  
 
Happy New Year  
2014 you are already bangin  
NY (don't mind my eyes it's New Years people) RealDenikaB  
They missed our New Years kiss  RyanSeacrest 
The power of prayer is amazing  thank you for tonight :) 
this cough/cold is not a good combo. please keep praying for me. If I can just get thru tonight I can have a nice lil break  
JennyMcCarthy I know I am  New Years kiss?  
Yo 2014! If you ain't scuuuurd of me just ask 2013 what's up  
CheyneThomas it's safe to say you've been diagnosed with corngivitus  
melissaruderman same one!  
there's a ghost in my room... her name is sheila. 
DIANEMARTELOFF vij_photo ill call u as soooooon as I open my  just got in to NY love u  
Courtney I  you 
 vij_photo DIANEMARTELOFF  
so many good memories made this year 
what about that night we laid by the fire and listened to The Cardigans all night long..... good times. 
I think "Lover you should've come over" is my favorite song of all time.... That's a BIG call.... But dear god this song makes you feel... 
I hate leaving my little babyyyyy  
THELOVEMAGAZINE the girl with a Love tattoo  
MySmilerSide how do YOOOUUUU know  
IN 2014 I HOPE THEY START CENSORING DUDES NIPPLES   
yungantonia this just ruined my life  
KendallJenner I live for this  
gnarly cough calls for an early night  
melissaruderman  
So ready for 2014  
JODYHiGHROLLER  
RealFloydCyrus ditto  
does anyone else have an obnoxious cough that won't go. feeling perfectly fine besides this efffffffffffing cough  
   
DIANEMARTELOFF stylekreep  
if u told me I'd be front row amp; center on britneyspears opening night 10 years ago I wouldve never believed you 
Dreams to come true britneyspears lookin BANGIN  
stylekreep btw 
MySmilerSide you don't remember that?!?! that was my go to come back in 6th grade!!! 
stylekreep you tooooo ill 
JODYHiGHROLLER  
1123 
loser loser double loser with a twist whatever fly away double double wrist wrist turn around and kiss this.  
99Ozbay sending you a BIG   
donezzzzooooo 
I need something fried ASAP  
I ALWAYS do MY job. WBU? 
CheyneThomas cause you finalllllllly getta see Britney, bitch  
runwaymodel88  
DIANEMARTELOFF I love you bestie  
Check out 
Caradelevingne  LOVE!!!!! We finally got the filmed developed Mush  
I love life and all the bull shit that comes with it  
Some dick leaked my video please only watch the official video   
 Watch the music video: Buy the song:  
 
With my mom dad amp; sister up talking about taking chances, being happy, amp; never thinking you know... because you don't.... let go, let "god" 
We all know Smilers would break another record if it wasn't for the fuck face who leaked my video. Alllllll good! Keep smiling :) 
cleanin and listening to the Beatles on Christmas with this little guy :) 
annual family fist fight  
"I've never heard of such a thang!!!!" - Mammie  
Merry Christmas from Wukong amp; Muahhhhh  
merry Christmas from my fam to your fam  
merry christmas. I hope it's filled with love amp; Mary Jane like mine  
I'm so happy  
 perfect Xmas Eve 
Just went ham at Margiela  
Beetle Juice is the best movie ever   
 
 
I  my PD so much DIANEMARTELOFF  
KYSplss TeamFanMiley THANK U 
those tweets in your drafts.... that's who you really are. 
people need 2 be educated on pits. Theyre killed cause no one takes them. True racism in the dog world- by humans =( 
Were so close to  3 daysssss until the world premier on vevo  I can't waiiiiitt annnny longerrrr! 
WeAdoreMiley this looks amazing 
Why am I always up so much earlier than I have to be???!?!!!  
the best part of my day. cuddling up to my baby  
 
I can't wait for  music video  DEC 26 :) 
stylekreep DO IT 
 
Head ache so bad I'm seeing double . 
 
You said I was the brightest little firefly in your jar....  
"I wanna be your vacuum cleaner, breathing in your dust, I wanna be your Ford Cortina, I won't ever rust."  
Mary Jane wasn't feeling the no nap idea so much... 
4 days till  
78Violet michaelbuble  
I'm going with "you can sleep when you're dead." 
to nap or not to nap? 
merry christmas   
Lets start an  
Happiest girl in the world  
 
 December 26th premier on Vevo 
soooooooo sleeeeeeeeeeeeepy  
Bored amp; Turnt up on the plane.  
Liv ya liffffeeee 
Liv was dope  
Go freakabritt 
You wre-eh-ek me   
Draggin mama to the clurrrrrrrb tishcyrus  
Liv hurrrrr weeeee come   
Can't wait!   
thanks for the candy panties Miami  
petewentz I'll be covering it on tour as well ... "I've got that summer time summer time Santa." Slutty Santa will come out in a speedo.  
   
stylekreep this is Santa and.....  
Slutty Santa is ready for the big show  
 CheyneThomas 
I told Siri I loved her and she responded with "that's nice. can we get back to work now." cold hearted bitch. 
I'm sad this is my last night to  Soooooo I'm putting on my outfit right now amp; not taking it off   
Stoked for the show tonight. Slutty Santa amp; I are gonna get xxxtraaaaaaa crayyyyyyyy  
 video coming dec 26 
I. Hate. Packing.  
:( last  tonight. You better make this one really count Slutty Santa CheyneThomas 
Ready. To. Be. On. Tour. With. skyferreira . amp; iconapop . Already.  
I'm ready for 2014 
So cute amazonashley67 tishcyrus 
 
 
I love  DIANEMARTELOFF 
adore you teaser...... coming soon. 
in desperate need of a massage. any takers?  
just received my kenzo_paris sketches for  amp; I am in lovvvve!  over zzzzz 
I miss this little guy :( 
We gotta break another record   
take. the. READ. notification. off. your. texts. dummy.  
LABakers baby bake baby baby baby bake! 
my booooo amazonashley67  
  CheyneThomas 
Last show I stole some chicks antlers amp; now kaneshow sweater  
Can someone shoot me a link of  from  to send to my big bro Pharrell  
new single amp; video coming soon.  
wtf teganandsara are performing right now and no one told me?!?!?!?!?? 
I just cried  
so cute  
dammmmmmmmmnnnnn just saw some of these  sketches  TheBlondsNY fucking killllllllllllled ittttttt  
JuliaAllynn I've been wanting to do that this ENTIRE tour! 
noahcyrus guuuuuuurl you lookin like a BIG OL CUP   
-1=  DollyParton 
 CheyneThomas 
I stole someone's antlers tonight. 
 
DC rocked. Thanks for the  
Biews ate  
CheyneThomas    
 Santa got to turnt tonight  
MileyOfficial slutty santa got to drunk 
Gettin ready to hit the stage in DC! Just doing a last minute eos touch ups on freakabritt  
Backstage bored as hell with noahcyrus 
AustinMahone are you as bored as us back here?!?! 
I don't pop molly i rock TOM FORD  noahcyrus 
 
GREY__NAT  
melissaruderman  
runwaymodel88 can't wait for the REAL tour boooooo 
RIP  
theBrandiCyrus jealous???? Ps why does it look like crying?! Like I'm the world biggest Austin Mahone fan?!?! 
I wanna think more of the world but people just keep proving their stupidity. 
DONT hug your friends goodbye unless you wanna be rumored "dating" 
my topless pic is showing less than when I wear clothes haha. People are proving my point so easily. 
16 millllll  
NIIIICE DIANEMARTELOFF bbcicecream 
Vidal assCheyneThomas  
 
Cheers to BOSTON  imma make it back to you April 2nd I PROMISE!!!!! 
haileybaldwin da....da.....da.....DA GRINCH!!!!!!!  
Mechanical issues + bad weather =  stuck in NYC and can't get to Boston for   
amazonashley67 GO ASHLEY! GO ASHLEY! GO ASHLEY! GO!   
amazonashley67  
I. AM. SO. BORED. GETTING. CRAY.  
As much as I've thoroughly enjoyed the Teterboro Airport I would REALLY love to be playing   
Trying to get to you Boston!!!!!!!!!!!!  
It's not about getting your titties out. It's about equality.  
snowed in amp; bored. IM TRYING BOSTON.  
peta PaulMcCartney what the fuuuuuuckkkkkkk?!?!?!?   
Merry Christmas BIEW cheynethomas  
Me: "I love you slutty Santa" cheynethomas : "I love you Biew Biew Stewart"  
slutty santas  
CHRISTMAS KITTYS  
Merry Christmas  THANK YOU NY for being one of the few states to freethenipple 
SNOWWWWW BUNZZZ  
Check this shit out if you got a sec   
RealFloydCyrus  
Not gonna lie. So far..... Minnesota has been the most TuRnT uP! You gotta bring it tonight BOSTON  
RealFloydCyrus no full videos  
Who has vid of the show last night???? Here I come Boston! 
Almost Bad Santa time! Just one final eos touch up by freakabritt before we hit the stage!!  
Can't waaaaaaait to come back to Europe in May!! Tix to  are on sale now!!  
PatiDubroff  
I  my weave 
"You can make em lose weight, but ya cant turn em straight" - Miley Cyrus  
NY get ready for NY  
Sissys in NY  
Wrecking ball has hit 400 million on Vevo  
There's no flamingo emoticon?????!?!?!? Whhhhaaaaaa 
cracker barrel is one of those REEEAAALLL "sorry not sorry moments" 
traffic gnar gnar  
You are here. So am I. Maybe millions of people go by, but they all disappear from view. I only have eyes for you...  
MikeWiLLMadeIt  
haileybaldwin was trying so hard to be  was on a press tour in Europe! There's always next year :) well turn that shit up  
DaOnLyMaRz mini MikeWiLLMadeIt  
I'm bummed I won't be in Miami  wanna thank the homies Fontainebleau 4 their support   
Smilers! There's been a change in my NYE plans. RyanSeacrest asked me to perform in Times Square for   
MikeWiLLMadeIt best/most supportive producer in the     
Slutty Santa is ready cheynethomas 
POWERATL   lets turnnnnnnn up 
Ready to see everybody here in ATL tonight   
nap time before my big show in da A!!!!!  
freethenipple  
IRADIO 
  
as long as my bitches lurvvvv me  jingle ball  
to my home girls here wit a big butt freakabritt  
My mommy is so pretty  
Christmas cocktails are the   is gonna be XXXtra fun tonight  
 realdenikab tishcyrus 
Christmas timmmmmme is hereeeee  
DLOCWalker     
Cosmopolitan check out freethenipple it'll blowwwwww your mind (.) (.) 
CheyneThomas fawwwwwked shit  
This cough sucks 
selenagomez where you at  
MacMiller is officially the love of my life.    
Fuckkng cold 
Help! 
Freeeeeeezing 
I don't wanna leave my babies :( 
DIANEMARTELOFF 911???   2  10 4 OVER  
RealDenikaB    DIANEMARTELOFF  
Dedicating my day to doing nothing besides laying in the bed. 
Fergie Fergs yearbook photo is EVERYTHING    
theBrandiCyrus ditto 
my karma for clicking on "10 celebs with cankles"..... I was on it. 
GROUPLOVE for the first time I'm not the one in the pic grabbin my titties!     
CageTheElephant fucking killllllllled it last night   
vocal rest. vocal vocal vocal rest.  
Gaga looked sick  Jingle Ball in London  
ClaudeKelly what about canceling your twitter? 
WAY to early, cold, amp; rainy for dis shitz 
You are a VERY BAD Santa CheyneThomas  
 calvinklein  
BYYYYYYYE BEEF CAKE  
DIANEMARTELOFF   
DIANEMARTELOFF HAAARabllllllle 
amazonashley67 is everything   
Bad Santa    
On the way to Staples    ohhhhh  
Scared to do a show without my mommy there  feel better MT tishcyrus   
CalvinKlein tonight's our big night baby  
KhloeKardashian r u doing a ? 
FBF CherieDaly22 RealDenikaB  
stylekreep like this.  skyferreira hair refffff  
Me amp; Pharrell are co-hosting the NYE Fontainebleau Tickets 
 DIANEMARTELOFF 
Cosmopolitan how about AWESOME  
stylekreep periwinkle  
CheyneThomas why was the first comment to this " eat my ass"  
MikeWiLLMadeIt been trill 
Wrecking Ball is back to being  on Billboard's HOT 100! Thank you Thank you Thank you my precious little sugar pie pumpkin angel loves!  
Braisoncyrus dude. I  you Suga  
I think we would all die without music. Like when someone passes away amp; their lover goes soon after...Dying of a  
Miley Cyrus  
STANK FACE 
I want a boyfriend that will wear jean on jean on jean with me 
night night 
Thought of you stephstonenails  
Happy album release day britneyspears    
MileyOfficial: Everyone quote this tweet! Miley Cyrus  
RTs don't count anymore I heard! Smillllers tweet me MILEY CYRUS   
MILEY CYRUS  
WeAdoreMiley lets really try to make this happen 
click yes pllllease 
Been listening to GROUPLOVE a lot lately  
eos is giving away signed holiday packs and a chance to meet me at Jingle Ball!  
So stoked   
im really sad about Paul Walker :( 
RachelZoe theBrandiCyrus dude that dress looked so sickkkk/sexyyyy on you :) goes puuuurfect w those limited edition Lubs  
God is good. 
iamwill  
StylishCyrus see you thurrrr booo  
Happy thanksgiving 
Miley Cyrus   
It would be uhhhhmazig to be  smilerzzzz lets see if we can make it happennnnn  
StylishCyrus Celine shorts and jacket :) 
MikeWiLLMadeIt   
MileyOfficial  
DerekBlasberg  "it wasn't bad taste she was against... It was NO taste" 
Give a damnnnnn like waaaaaaaaaaa  
I do it real BIG never do it tiny if you bout that bull shit please don't remind me. 
I miss NY  
rubyjean_wilson WHERE?!?!!!!!!!!! I wannnnnnnnnnnnnnt!!!!! PS me and WaltonLeona will misssssss you Binks+ MC - Ruby =  
glamourmag StylishCyrus I love joanjett so fuckingggg much  
Best birthday night ever  RealDenikaB MikeWiLLMadeIt Jessy_Cain  
all I want for my birfdayyy is....... 
in case ya missed the TheAMAs  
im depressed my birthday is over  
DIANEMARTELOFF  
I live for dissssshittttt  
I'm so PC.   
RealFloydCyrus I'm dead ass serious I'll take him on tour with me :) 
 the gayest birthday cake ever vij_photo  
 
My best friend (sorry to blow y'all up with puppy pics) 
I love him soooo fucking much I can't stand it  
it keeps getting better  
perfect start to the perfect day  
Crazy hair / post b-day/ amas todayyyy!  
MuneraIsFab thank u so much go my bday pressie hunnnni I loved it  
I repeat. The  
All I could want on my birthday  
Soooooo close to birrrrfdayyyyy time thank you marcjacobsintl for my early bday pressie  
There is a light that never goes out. 
 Braisoncyrus billyraycyrus 
I want everyone to party like its their birffffday tomorrow  
Dude. 
I love youuuuuu 
I DONT CAYAAA I LUV IT 
Love is alllllllll you neeeeeed  
goodnight 
blonde hurrrrr errrrrrwurrrrr  
suppppa jealous of my friend MacMiller getting to hang with the suppppppa flyyyyyy hayleywillar  
Please watch BLACKFISH   
BE FREE 
BR00KECANDY  
The best medicine. Night night  
RealFloydCyrus days of thunder 
i  you 
I'm so tired. But there's more werk to be done before TheAMAs  
MileyCyrus SO DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT. love always, me 
chanel for breakfast  
Vocal rest  
damned if you do damned if you don't. 
happy to get some rest. time to go be sicky  
Thank you MarcJacobsIntl for tonight on TheXFactor  and thanks Brick Lane St. for my turban  
Sicky  
 tickets are on saaaaaaale!!!  
 
"You want a hot tottie. You want some salami. You better werk bitch." vij_photo   
"Paris Hilton stole my long cord" - vij_photo   
  presale 
 presale tix are liiiiiiiiive  
But soooo goooood  
stylekreep soooooo bad 
I can't wait for tour  
I just decided. 
I know my next single :) 
RealFloydCyrus I want one  
Biewwwww Biewwww! This made my life! cheynethomas 
My Aunt Dolly always told me "if someone shows you their true colors.... believe them."  
RealDenikaB  bestiezzzz 
StylishCyrus Celine shoes, and chanel jewelry mixed with LS. 
All this traveling is finally taking its toll on me  
StylishCyrus MTVstyle thanks 4 noticing    
BLUE follows me  
withhhh RealDenikaB  
Bored playing with wigzzz  
VictoriasSecret fashion show :( sorry I had to miss the showwwwww amp; ALL my girlzzzz  I loooooved  wish I could've been there  
biew biews  Moschinofficial  CheyneThomas   
Me with Karl Lagerfeld...... kindaish bambi   
can't sleep amp; got an early day perrrr ussssssshhhhhhhh  
GERMANYYYY  bambi awards here I come  
im always bored 
Thanks for getting my cover to a 1,000,000 views   
missmileyrayorg happy bday  
MileyUpdateEU happy bday pretty  
can get my bbcr1 LIVE LOUNGE "summertime sadness" cover to a 1,000,000 views? Well have a broken another record  
can't ever sleep 
Don't worry. Be happy.  
skyferreira were goinnnnnn onnnnnnn touuurrrrr  
Guess who else is coming with me amp; iconapop on  tour  
West Coast!! Your  pre-sale tickets are available now!!  
RobertsEmma  
Next round of  pre-sales are up NOW!!   
I'm bringing on another secret guest  
Stoked to tour with iconapop  
Check me out on bbcr1  live lounge 
EAST COAST!!  pre-sale starts NOW!! 
Check out my bbcr1 LIVE LOUNGE wrecking ball acoustic  
Check out my BBCR1 live lounge cover of Summertime Sadness  
 1future new single Real amp; True feat MeEeEeE amp; MrHudson shot by rankinphoto 
music video for "Real and True" 1future vevo premiere in one hour! 
 check out for datttttezzzzz 
 
 so much fun last night! Amsterdam you're the dopesssst thank you for always being so good to me  
mhmmm it's always better when were together  
London Town  
  
last night was a blurrrrrrrrrrrrrrr thanks katyperry for hosting  
sometimes in life you just gotta decide to not give AF 
No vids of performance??? 
go online and watch what really went down at the EMAs!  
Stay in school amp; Be kind. Other than that HAVE FUN  
 video at 6:55 MTV then Vevo  make sure you check it them watch the EMAs!!!! 
katyperry mtvema but you may want to be  
 
no fuckin around on game day 
I got that shower time showerrrrrr time selfiiiie. (A la lana del ray)   
vijphoto McDreamy  
cheynethomas bubble biew bubble bubble bubble biew  
Fashion_Rules simoneharouche 1future I'm naked. 
vijphoto Wetten Das  
Happy Bday to my besttttie realdenikab  
 mtvema get fuckin ready  
it's always when you least expect it 
 
I hope the way I feel when I listen to Bobby Vinton is the way you feel when you listen to Bangerz.... His music makes me feel everything. 
These blllllllluuuuueeeee lightzzzz daaaaa shittttttttttt  
2 in the afternoon laying in bed listening to reggae by my lonesome  happiest place on earth    
packing with biew biew CheyneThomas Amsterdam here we commmmmme  
I wanna be on tour already. 
 RSVP 
 
BEAAAAAN  
FLOYDYYYYY!!!!!! 
Still just as beautiful. thekatvond look who left the house today :) happy birthday Mammie  
"I need you so that I could die. I love you so and that is why. Whenever I want you, all I have to do is dream." 
Congrats Illinois  
shitty ass migraine :( 
tishcyrus earrrrrrrrthhhh to mommm 
MileyHappyFloyd bingo  
 1future featuring MUAH  MrHudson MikeWiLLMadeIt  
thekatvond you da  
because i am her favorite amp; she is mine  
 1future MrHudson MikeWiLLMadeIt  
Londoooooon!! I'm gonna be in the Radio 1 Live Lounge on Nov 12th!  bbcr1 
"which is a balance between the forces of destruction and the magical forces of creation." 
"Everything in our world is connected by the delicate strands of the web of life." 
I couldn't ask for more  goodnight 
Then I get in it and I remember why..... Because clean sheets are heaven on earth. I feel so blessed every time I lay my head on a pillow.  
Up at 245 making my bed.... to get in it. never really got the point of it... But I continue to do it. 
Game night 
 
Cosmopolitan wtffffff 
Thanks BarackObama 
Tomorrow  1freebandz mrhudson mikewillmadeit 
Roy Orbison  
stylekreep welcome 2 my  
Tomorrow 1future MrHudson MikeWiLLMadeIt 
MikeWiLLMadeIt MADE IT MA FUCKKKA  
1future: My single  will be on iTunes Tomorrow ft mileycyrus mrhudson prod by mikewillmadeit 
 
jeeperz creeperz 
melissaruderman the jerk is the only movie on my phone 
Space balllllllllz 
Less chick flicky. Gotta remember I'm a weirdddddo  
what's a funny movie 
 DIANEMARTELOFF 
can't stop changing clothes outta boredom  
maybe my intolerance to laziness is because ive worked my ass off pretty much everyday for almost a decade. 
Sundays consists of sitting by the fire by myself bored AF. 
bunt  is  
I  MarcJacobsIntl new makkke upppp  
sheabowensmith happy bday big mama  
AZEALIABANKS  
skyferreira  
Cutie amp; The Boxer  
CHANEL this makes me toooooo happy 
CHANEL ITSJEREMYSCOTT CalvinKlein what a cocktail  
amp;amp;amp; ITSJEREMYSCOTT thanks for da pressies  
"Who told you it was ok to go out of the house like that?!?!" CalvinKlein  I lurvvvvvv this  
CheyneThomas she brought a wholllllle new meaning to toot it and booooot it. 
I love waking up to this  
laying in bed listening to Bobby Vee  
im so in love  best sleeping partners in the world  
just felt like sticking my tongue out. imagine that. watch what a ruckus this causes. 
Biew Stewart aka  cheynethomas 
One of my dope asssss fanzzz made me these  lovvvvvezzzzzz 
grouplove obsessed w ways to go 
Cosmopolitan happy mileyween to alllll and to allllllll a good night  
Cosmopolitan my personal fav  
Mary Jane  
let my birthday month begin  
SnoopDogg parishilton lilkim  
I wanna be lilkim everyyyyydayyyy 
LilKim is back bitchhhhezzz 
im just  1future 
happy halloween hoes  
JennyMcCarthy  
jeffbeacher the scariest costume of the night  
SHHHHitzzzz A WIGGGG  
 cheynethomas  
Happy Halllllloweeeen  
Happy Halloween LilKim  
   CheyneThomas 
CHANEL  
 
 
Happppy Halloween Eve  
craving asparagus 
theBrandiCyrus you went on a massacre  
 
I am counting down till mtvema I can't waittttt  
  
xxxxxxplicit pornkinzzz    
Wigzzzzzz part 2  
Wigzzzzzz 
rankinphoto 1future MrHudson  
Cosmopolitan  
peta I want a kittyyyyyy so bad  
If life gets any better I think I might actually combust. 
 
This is Halloween Halloween Halloween Halloween  
Buy skyferreira album 
Always bored 
ladygaga should cover VENUS IN BLUE JEANS  one of my fav songs evrrrrrrrrr 
Congrats to my boo ITSJEREMYSCOTT  Moschinofficial  
Cosmopolitan something's never change  
JohnzoWest "the more ya stomp in shit the more it stinks."  
amp;amp;amp; if that don't tickle your pickle 
don't worry about stupid shit 
roses are red my love.... violets are blue.... sugar is sweet my love but not as sweet as you  
15 milllllllllllliiii  
noooooooooo notttttttttt LOU REED  
   
 
rubyjean_wilson + MC =   
 
I'm gooooing on tooooooour!!   
Cosmopolitan tweet the fck outta  
 Cosmopolitan 
I love Bobby Vinton so much  
Courtney lets go trick or treating together.  
Courtney but I thought I had a "crap stylist"  done deal. ps I can barely draw a circle. 
Can one of my supadupa artist fans PUHHHLEAZZZ teach me how to drawwwwwww  
MileyUpdateEU Aida2424 so fucking awesome  
Could life get any better????  
Kaqui_ HaPpY bDaY sHhHeXxXy  
  
there's a  in my room 
1future MrHudson  
So it's true. If you turn the lights off and look into a mirror and say  3 times fast shit gets TURNT. 
MilesbianLover gypsyhearttour  so dope 
Such a handsome date  MarcJacobsIntl 
I got to give the biggest superstars in the room a pretty rad award. Congrats to Robert and Marc MarcJacobsIntl  
everyone blew it once again   
I  this shit so much MacMiller   
I'm confused. ??? ??? 
gapuccinho gypsyhearttour  cutttte 
PYT 
gypsyhearttour noooooooo :( I'm having a little blast from the past. I'm still looking for a good reason....   
 
 
1123 
everyone's blowingggggg it  
Turn down for what?!?!?! someone please remind me!!!! Cuz immmmm boredddd AF 
I'm bored. 
TheAMAs wrecking ball   X  this about to get  alllllllrightttttt  
simoneharouche KimKardashian and you are one of my oldest friends   
goodnight   
I ain't popped no molly but you still got me sweatin. What happened to that feelin? Well never get it back.... 
DIANEMARTELOFF 4EVR 
smooth seas do not make a skillful sailor  
I live for this   
I love you more today than yesterday but less than I will tomorrow  
god bless october in la  
CheyneThomas "on a scale of 1 to Rebecca Black how excited are you that it's Friday"  
Going to bed so early. 
  sometimes I don't know who rescued who :)  
this is the way you're supposed to look on your birthday   
get your green on  
JoannaColes my life motto  
Best day ever  
TBT  I  RADIO  
  
I ruined OJ for myself last night  
 
anahi_hewitt gypsyhearttour  
ehshinealight Tony__Aguilar  the  
I bet you didn't know gluten free can look like this  yummmmy  
PanicAtTheDisco lezzzz celebrate   
This cough thooooooo  
PanicAtTheDisco congrats on this weeeeek  
rankinphoto   
I  my lil pony amp; floydddddd 
Doo da dooooo life's goooood  
Loving you means so much more than anything I've ever done before  britneyspears 
MileyHappyFloyd yummmmmy asssss vegan breakfast frittata  
wake amp; bake. 
SOOOO over being sick  
I love the way she kiss my neck 
HannahSimone JUDGING. 
CANT SLEEP    
JasperDolphin I like your header  
Listening to lilyallen INTENSE cleaning spree.    
bein real hipstaaaaaa today  
 single amp; album in the UK  
Floyd makes it not so bad being sick on my favorite day of the week. I  when he licks my ear it makes me laughhh  
Perfect Sunday companions  
"If only the world wouldn't get in the way. If only people would just let you play."  
mikalala Mileys_Bun looks sooooo fun  
FOX amp; THE HOUND  
I've got a life I swear. 8pm in bed watching britneyspears videos   
MuneraIsFab gypsyhearttour MileyOfficial MileyUpdateEU Mileys_Bun MileyCyrusBz I  This so much!!!! 
My hurrrrrr soooooo longggggg 
lilyallen  
Get BANGERZ 
Why did I wake up and immediately write a song for ArianaGrande ... In the shower. 
jeffbeacher thank YOU  
therealjuicyj I got nugggggz AND a cheeseburger FRIES amp;amp;amp; the biggest coke they have  
Went to McDonalds for the first time in WAY to long  
Outside my   
MileyCyrusBz UK FANS TURN UP 
 
amazonashley67 all dattttt asssssss  
  
skyferreira   
 
As long as my bitches luvvvvv me GREY__NAT RealDenikaB 
vij_photo   
ryanferreira thank u love  
Thank you to one of my    
Rehearsing in a parka because it was so EFFING cold in jimmyfallon today. Freezing my totttttties off. 
I  lenadunham  
Timing is EVERYTHING 
  
My  might   
I got mine. You get yours?!?!  
It's not even supposed to be out for 10 more minutes ahhhhhhhhggghhhhhhh 
OMG OMG OMG  is   I love you all so FUCKING much! I wanna squeeze everyone of you.  
  
  
 
  
Who's staying up till midnight!!!! I am!   
 
 
I AM GITTY =]]] 
 4 HOURS TILLLLL WEEEEE LLIVVVVVVEEEEEE lt;lt;lt;3333 
Laying in bed on this perfectly rainy day listening to Ryan Adamsss  
Less than 24 hours!  
billyraycyrus love you  
Sending love to my kenzo_paris fammmm   
  
Mileys_Bun  thank uuuu 
How can I watch the today show ? 
justinbieber FO LIFE  
Twerk Bachmann Bachmann Twerk! 
MacMiller ditto 
 is out in the UK now!!  
Wrecking ball  
oliviawilde  
 after party  
kirstiealley  
 
We Can Stop  nbcsnl 
We're not friends or anything... DIANEMARTELOFF simoneharouche 
 
 
 nbcsnl  
  
"I went to the doctor guess what he told me, guess what he told me. He said girl you better try to have fun. No matter what you do." 
Sia love you more 
 
teganandsara  
StylishCyrus emilyyfordd its so hard losing your little baby :) hope you both are peaceful! I'm sure Cindy will keep Lila company :) 
RealFloydCyrus  
MileyOfficial FUCKlNGBANGERZ just like we did for Cosmopolitan  TWEET ME PIX W MY ALBUM IN FRONT  
 
 
So if youd like to meet up and talk lemme know in your next letter. :) 
Sinead. I don't have time to write you an open letter cause Im hosting amp; performing on SNL this week. 
 
Before Amanda Bynes.... There was.... 
Top of the mornin to ya :) up n at em!!!  
My hair is getttttting so long  
 
amp; watching the OG "freaky friday"  
Eating mangos in bed. I repeat...happiest girl in the world  
Someone just told me they don't believe in . Lemme guess... You don't believe in  either. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA what a freak. 
Thanks for watching   
"Boos all dressed up!!!'" 
Love my MarcJacobsIntl in   
Cosmopolitan are my Cosmo girls watching :) 
"Who's ready to make a crap ton of money today ?!?" $$$  who's watchin 
 
MTV  
 
 
Happiest girl in the world  
CheyneThomas  
  
   
Tomorrow  
You wouldn't edit art in a museum. 
Damn it's the edited version for stream :(  
BANGERZ is available to stream on iTunes itunesmusic) now 
i lovvvve you RobertsEmma 
ok. im not computer savvvvy obvi. how TF do you stream  on itunes haha =] help me out younginnnnzzzzzzz 
  
There's nothing you can't do.  
When you tell Siri to "go ham and that tuna" she responds with "Face Time CherieDaly22 " CheyneThomas vij_photo 
This is a gated community. Please get the FUCK off the property. CheyneThomas vij_photo   
"Oh you broke my heart. I told you I was weak for love. Then you went around amp; did what you wanted to do. Now I'm cryinnnnnn"  
"I always knew I never wanted this. I never thought it could happen. You acted like you wanted this but then you led me on."  
Bangerz (Deluxe Version) by Miley Cyrus  
Tom Petty kinda day  
Me: "did you know I'm pregnant with therealjuicyj baby this morning" CheyneThomas : "what are you gonna name it?" Me: "Juicy J Jr DUH" 
gypsyhearttour it makes me laugh/ sad how the world is full of dumb asses. 
waking up to the news that I'm now pregnant with therealjuicyj baby 
bitch couldn't kill my vibe if ya tried.  
 
I'm so happy  
skyferreira I  you  
melissaruderman  LarryRudolph  
MileyCyrusBz keeping that a secret ;)  
  "YOU THINK IM STRANGE BITCH?! THIS SHIT BANANAS LIKE A FUCKIN ORANGUTAN BITCH"  
haileybaldwin whAAAAAt?!?? 
I'm exhausted from being so fucking happy. In bed at 9:45 amp; it feels so good.  
Use your MIND to have a good time  
Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you.... DIANEMARTELOFF  
I think I ass follow people sometimes. 
Howd this happen Somehow I am now following Real_Liam_Payne I think the  willed this to happened (Or hacked me) $$$ooo HI LIAM 
qtwbiew  
DIANEMARTELOFF  
Pre-order the vinyl picture disc version of Bangerz which will feature all 5 of the deluxe covers here: 
  MikeWiLLMadeIt  
  is  on itunes lets get it in the top 10... 
I  ktz_official just got all my gooooodies :) 
 MikeWiLLMadeIt 
lordemusic  
You supposed to be with a snow bunny.  
stylekreep I love you  
  
  
 on billboard again this week :)  looooooovvvvvvveeee yallllllllll 
 RollingStone 
Wizard Of Oz  
Poppin on Apple TV :) 
DukeofEarles "OH I KNOW!"  
If you haven't yet.... Check out  Terry_World 
 
 
Always have ALWAYS will root for justinbieber he always has and ALWAYS will be the shit.  
Directors Cut Terry_World  
 
 RollingStone 
 2nd  5th SNL 7th- today show 8th - BANGERZ in stores amp; FALLON! 10th- Ellen/Rolling$tone 
 
ROLLING $TONE  
 
Get  to a million and imma start my  line countdown :) 
Good things come to those who wait :)  MikeWiLLMadeIt therealjuicyj wizkhalifa  
ROLLING $TONE  
ROLLING $TONE 
amp;amp;amp;amp; this  
Just to post more pixxxx like this.  vij_photo   
Imma make a Tumblr. 
stephstonenails I feel prettttttyyyyyy oh so prettttty  
Don't worry  is coming  
RealFloydCyrus we are! We are working on it! 
Braisoncyrus pshhhhhh 
2 weeks till  
9 days till my MTV doc  
Congrats to my boy jeffbeacher for his 100 million dollar theatre deal to open his epic  on  at  in vegas!  
VogueSpain BB  
Lemmmmmmmme think of sum special I can do for y'all getting me to 14 million. 
6 million away from directors cut  
Y'all lets trend  MikeWiLLMadeIt therealjuicyj wizkhalifa 
Just hit 14 million  
  MikeWiLLMadeIt therealjuicyj WizKhalllifa 
I  Don  
I  RADIO over and done  2 weeks until  
I  Radio 
I  Radio 
I  RADIO  
stylekreep thank you again :) look at the pins we gave out to the fans  
I  Radio  
I  Radio 
I  Radio 
Viva LAS VEGAS! HERE WE COME!!!! 
Congrats on the playoffs Dodgers Shredderpunto   
Lets get  to 150 million!  Directors cut is ready to be seen ;) 
I hate the iPhone update. 
lordemusic why r people so mean??? Ps your music is awesome  
If u are ready to see the 23 video tweet  
iTunes radio is the  
I love you JuliaAllynn  
 out worldwide TODAY MikeWiLLMadeIt 
 on Billboard.  on iTunes.  on Spotify.  on Streaming.  on Digital songs.  most added to pop radio.  on VEVO.   
  
Vote EMAs errrrryday. 
Happy bday MileyCyrusBz  
Wrecking Ball -  on iTunes.  on Spotify.  most added to Pop radio.  on Vevo!smiling :) 
 
Thank you EMAs  
harpersbazaarus Terry_World  
Lets get to 150 million    
 vij_photo dendoll  
Maybe ill do a countdown... Once we get to  days ill tweet a lyric from each song everyday.... 
Listening to   
 BigSean MikeWiLLMadeIt  
Just watched the  music video DAYUMMMMMM therealjuicyj wizkhalifa MikeWiLLMadeIt  
Wrecking Ball broke the record!   GO CELEBRATE TONIGHT  I love you more than anything in the world  
Lets get Wrecking Ball to 100 million by Sunday?! 
 days till  
DIANEMARTELOFF  that's our motto  
Wrecking Ball is already at 90 million views after only 5 days! get it to 100 million by tomorrow!  
I love Miss. Kitty   
If you haven't yet.... Download  amp; you get  amp;  instantly  
Just wanted to say I love you to all my fans. Not only because of this incredible week with  (THANK YOU) but just because....  
Yooooo if you haven't already get "23" on iTunes now MikeWiLLMadeIt 
We Can't Stop has hit over 200 million views!  
3 hours sleep really isn't enough. 
Still my favorite ChloeGMoretz moment. cheynethomas "da cheeeeese touch" (wtf is there no cheese emoji) 
catdog. 
i refuse to get off this couch today.  
SMILERS!! WCS is almost at 200 million views!! Shout out to eos for supporting me and this EPIC video!!  
Keep spreading the link booooos  
Laying in bed thinking about how much I love my Smilerz  thank you for my life. 
We've hit 50 mil   get it to 150 and ill release directors cut :) 
Directors cut of Wrecking Ball coming when this hits 150 million!  
ok so were already to 40 million so quick... how about directors cut once smilers get it to 150 million???? =] i know yall love a challenge. 
Do a good deed today in observance of 911day. Make your pledge at  
39 MILLION VIEWS IN LESS THAN 2 DAYS =]]]] I LOVE YALL SO MUCH 
Wrecking ball is  Deluxe  14. Rooting for my baby 15. On My Own (both by big bro Pharrell) 16. Hands in the air feat. Ludacris 
 mikewillmadeit therealjuicyj wizkhalifa 
Y'all did went so above and beyond with wrecking ball :) I love you so much and thank you for breaking the vevo record!!! 
  
 hits MTV on October 2nd at 10pm!  
DONT STOP WATCHING WRECKING BALL WE HAVE 9 Hours More we can get the Views Higher!   
When we get  to  iTunes Ill fill you in on deluxe  so close!!!! Xoxoxoxoxo 
It's britneyspears BITCH  += 
6.WRECKING BALL 7. feat. bigsean 8. 9.Drive 10. FU feat. FrencHMonTanA 11.Do My Thang 12.Maybe You're Right 13. Someone Else 
 1. Adore you 2. We Can't Stop 3. SMS (BANGERZ) feat. It's ******* bitch 4. 4X4 feat. Nelly_Mo 5. My Darlin feat. 1future 
Wrecking Ball has officially beat the VEVO record. thank you smilerzzzzz  
Who's ready for  track list???  
We broke the record :) We hit 12.3 million on vevo :) keep watching  thank you Smilers  
tishcyrus is in the spirit  MikeWiLLMadeIt ON ITUNES NOW 
I will release my official  track list as soon we   
Once we beat the record on VEVO lets keep watching Wrecking Ball so we set a higher record  
Keep watching it   
12 hours left to break the record amp; we're just 3 million away! Keep watching it 
GET  MikeWiLLMadeIt feat MUAH therealjuicyj wizkhalifa  
  
Step 1: Watch wrecking ball on vevo Step 2: buy it on iTunes  
MikeWiLLMadeIt  on iTunes tomorrow therealjuicyj wizkhalifa 
vmagazine Terry_World LOVE YOU BOTH SOOOOOO MUCH ;) 
WRECKIIIINNGGGG BALLLLLL OONNNNN VEEEEVVVVOOOO NNNOOOOWWW 
I  you kenzo_paris THANK YOU  
  
It's officially here  
HOSTING amp; PERFORMING ON SNL OCTOBER 5TH   
 shot by Terry_World 
 directed by Terry_World =] 
About 5 hours until   
I  Paris 
  
Vijphoto amp; boothebear  
  
  
Yes including collabzzz  :) 
Lets beat the vevo record amp; ill release my track list for  
 
  lets trend it :) 
So much happening  MikeWiLLMadeIt 
You're gonna wanna watch this. Terry_World  
I know I know WCS record was beat so lets break THAT record. 
How should I get Wrecking Ball to beat WCS record? Should I release track list of  ??? 
We gotta break WCS record on VEVO! 
amp; one day until   
One month until   
   
MC amp; The Boos  
Ready for take off  
MikeWiLLMadeIt  
ITSJEREMYSCOTT wishful thinking  so sad I can't be there with you tonight sending all my luuuurvvvv 
MileyCyrusBz I'm waitin :) can't wait to see! My band is so awesome  
 amp; BooTheBear  
     
 
CheyneThomas dont threaten my kinky ass fans w a good time I saw sum freakz responded 2 da last pic   
 
Word is out.  shot by Terry_World   
    
My fans rule. Your fans suck.  
Lets trend  If we trend it right now ill let ya in on a little secret.... 
 
    premier! We gotta trend it! Lets beat my last record!  
I always knew I'd see my name in lights  
new and improved MINI drum kit thanks to stylekreep     
4 days  
CheyneThomas it's a full moon tonight  
I hate twitter rants. That's what Facebook is for. There's a reason for the 140 character limit. 
MileyUKST StylishCyrus BooTheBear thankkkk you :) Boos bow tie is dolcegabbana :) his gems are from my '92 Damp;G beaded outfit from  
PJ with BooTheBear  
SkylarGrey says the one deep throating their moon man. 
Pharrell: Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway. - Eleanor Roosevelt 
   
Just called this paparazzi a CUNT. So before he makes breaking "news" out if it. Ill just say it. Ha-Ha  
  MikeWiLLMadeIt 
 MikeWiLLMadeIt 
  
So tired in the yo. Early day in the a.m. 
 next Tuesday  MikeWiLLMadeIt 
StylishCyrus Versace. Versace. Versace. I wear that vintage Versace. 
 Braisoncyrus 
ain't nobody got time for that  
Woke up with the Ramones song "I wanna be sedated" stuck in my head...... And it WON'T go away.  ba-ba-ba-bamp-ba 
MikeWiLLMadeIt ohhhhhh reallllllly  
DIANEMARTELOFF     
ChloeGMoretz  
Nighttt why my lips lookin so JUICYYY  crackcat you know what I'm talkinnn batttt  
DukeofEarles  
Braisoncyrus is a fucking starrrrrrr   
WHAT SHOULD I DO WHEN I GET TO 14 MILL? 
OVER HALF WAY TO 14 MILLLLLLLL 
KREAYSHAWN the smiley with stoney eyes  
SamHookMusic turned me on 2 sum kinda genius Dont want people snapshotting texts pics or saving vmails GETTHISAP 
Pre-order BANGERZ on iTunes now amp; get "We Can't Stop" amp; "Wrecking Ball" instantly! 
Happy bday JasperDolphin 
Preorder 
99 damn degrees in el lay?! the sun beatin down on my bald ass head.  get me outtttta here. 
BigSean amp; therealjuicyj on blast all day   
MileyCyrusBz x0JustBreathe0x how do I turn this into a ringtone!!?!?! 
"All these ratchet hoes say i ain't shit. Well, atleast I ain't broke hoe."  therealjuicyj BigSean 
therealjuicyj  
  
stylekreep gypsyhearttour this is so awesome  
ToddJamesREAS is a genius  
"Mile, if twerkin woulda been invented.... And I had a foam finger.... I woulda done the same thang you did." - DAD 
I never meant to start a war. I just wanted you to let me in.... I guess I should've let you win.   
 MikeWiLLMadeIt wizkhalifa therealjuicyj 
God bless you  
   
Thank you to my boos LABakers amazonashley67    
Thats a wrap   
Did y'all see this beatsbydre commercial that aired during the  last night?!? Got me lmao!!  
Tweet the turn up! 45 minutes therealjuicyj  
" Miley stole the night, which is why the nation is still in recovery today. Thanks, Miley..." - Rolling Stone 
"Miley was the one star in the room who truly understood what the MTV Video Music Awards are all about!" - Rolling Stone 
 mikewillmadeit 
Smilers! My VMA performance had 306.000 tweets per minute. That's more than the blackout or Superbowl!  
Listening to  getting ready for  video shoot  
  
987ampradio hellllll ya :) I like your profile pic   
 amp;  on iTunes.      
Leaving the VMAs. No it's not over. I'm no psychic but congrats onedirection  
Having a moment with Boo  
  on iTunes! Hell yaaaaaaaa  
Today's already the fucking best day ever! Just wait till VMAs tonight  
 is  on iTunes Brazil :) 
 is  on itunes and Wrecking Ball is  =]]] 
Mileys_Bun happy birthday baby bunnnnn  
Lets get  and  in the Top 10 :) 
I love my fans more than anything in the whole wide world  
Bangerz is already in top 10 and its just pre sale :)  
Pre-Order BANGERZ and get   Spread the word! 
Pre- Order  on iTunes  
 is trending worldwide  
You know the vintage YSL don't stay on for long    
Wait till you see what's inside. 
 
MikeWiLLMadeIt    
  
INY! Love my street purchase  
Take a guess 
Just watched my first cut of my next music video shot by ....... 
PROUD OF DaOnLyMaRz CLEANING IT UP LAST NIGHT AT THE BMI AWARDS    MikeWiLLMadeIt MAFACKKKAA 
Dear VMAs, I am about to fvvvvckkkkk yoooooo shitttttt uppppppppp. Love, Miley  
RealDenikaB ew 
intellectual disconnect. 
If everybody were like everybody else, how boring it would be." Eeyore  
STAY ON YO TOES HOES!   
ChloeGMoretz there's a hell for people like that 
WE'RE BACK!  
 vij_photo  
BEAAAN! 
  RealDenikaB 
Keep tweeting  
Go see ParanoiaMovie the lead actor LiamHemsworth is pretty cute  
KAPTNofficial CheyneThomas 2 chainz voice TRRRRUUUUU 
The take over has begun  
For anyone calling me.... I am locking down  literally tonight. Going MIA.   
boyswhitetee/chanel 
ain't worrrrrried bout nuttn.     
   
Who's ready for  
Trend  amp; imma let ya know when ya getting BANGED  
MileyxNewsx hmmm what's in it for me????? Lets trend  and I will tell y'all when you're getting banged!   
Just received the official release date of  who wants to knowwwww 
Barbara_Bup I C U   
I had no preconceived ideas w/ this record The album revealed its name about 8 songs in when I realized we got nutn but  intheus4 
IM GONNA TAKE OVER THE WORLD     MileyTeamWW XxEqualLovexX 
all my collabs BigSean 1future FrencHMonTanA Nelly_Mo I GOTTA KEEP SOME SURPRISES OhThatCyrus MileyUpdateEU   
13 is my lucky number.  gottabedennel   
Imma answer all the questions that's are tagged with  
All ya gotta do is listen to my record once and you'll know exactly why my record is called    YAHYA137 
Yea! If y'all are good maybe ill give a a sneak peek soooooon   vickycantbtamed gypsyhearttour 
I've never been more ready for anything in my entire life   divamileycyruss 
I wrote on the record amp; have been honored to work with AMAZING writers PlanetVI StacyBarthe SamHookMusic to name a few chloejanewhitex 
 is filled with LOVE. Anything you do out of love can't lose StacyBarthe Pharrell MikeWiLLMadeIt daniisantarem  
mileymylaugh MileyUpdateEU 1future amp; I have a JOINT together MikeWiLLMadeIt   think it takes the  
 trended WW you know what that's means?! Imma do a quick ask miley. Send me in some questions about  
 we trend it ill do ask miley tomorrow  VMAs 
  
I Gum 
Terry Motha Fuckin Richardson 
See me amp; Terry_World fuck shit up on amp; get a little couture classy for harpersbazaarus  
Terry_World  
MikeWiLLMadeIt   
 
fuckin  
Catching up on some Cali sun with a boy from Alaska is always fun 
Migraine. Still gotta put in WERK. 
Morning kisses  
1000 RTs = 1000 votes. Can we do that?!  
I  my life. Waking up to another nomination and my fans going ape shit cu they just found out I'm performing. I live for this  
MileyUpdateEU: SPREAD THE WORD! Miley Is NOMINATED For another Award at The VMA'S Best Song of the Summer! VOTE! 
Officially the most nominated female at VMAs!!!!!!!!!! Vote Vote Vote  
MeltsLOVEbuddy Pharrell  
Stay Trippy therealjuicyj  
 
  
i know what color my skin is. you can stop with the friendly reminders bitch. 
Studio RATZZZ 
 FrencHMonTanA 
BR00KECANDY thekatvond   maybe we add that to our date too. In desperate need of a fill boo 
BR00KECANDY thekatvond DUH! Lets add that to our date night!  
Damn my hurrrr gettin longggggg 
There are some ballsy Prius out on the mean streets of LA 
ATTENTION SMILERS 
Thank you Candiesbrand for my  Award :) Feeling very special tonight. xx 
We Can't Stop has been  on Vevo almost all damn week! Yallllll da  
 is officially  in the UK  
 
Only at my parents house....   
 
MikeWiLLMadeIt  
MikeWiLLMadeIt The self proclaimed MILLION DOLLAR MAN WITH A MILLION DOLLAR PLAN   
Is your bestie on da cover of Billboard as THE HOTTEST PRODUCER IN THE GAME?!??  MikeWiLLMadeIt  
 coming soon. 
NICKIMINAJ MikeWiLLMadeIt  
MrHudson MikeWiLLMadeIt  
Throwback Wednesday SnoopDogg britneyspears 
Sorry I ain't tweeting much. Focused on  
 is already trending world wide pshhhhh wait till you hear this shitttttt 
1future    Pharrell   
If you don't know why my record is called BANGERZ you'll know as soon as you hear it. Nothin but  
13 million  
1k to go 
2k away from my album title release! 
 
It's mommy time  tishcyrus 
thekatvond is so ILL 
my baby 
  
The big bad Mary Jane amp; little Bean  
 
 
Yo! Why'd we not get the memo?!?! It's friendship day!!!!!! CheyneThomas RealDenikaB where you sloooootz at 
 
JuliaAllynn CheyneThomas and for those kind of things.... There's  
DIANEMARTELOFF is offffff the fuckkkkkinnnnnggggggg chaiiiinnnnnn  
Happy birthday BarackObama  
disneywords: I must admit you were not a part of my book, but now you're the beginning and the end of every chapter.   
Why can't I ever sleep in?!   
29k till I drop my album title  
MikeWiLLMadeIt WE GOIN GLOBAL MANE 
 on iTunes in the UK  
Smilers in the UK  
 
 
Thank y'all so much :)  is going crazy  is back at   
 KellyOsbourne MarcJacobsIntl 
 with We Can't Stop  with Fire   
 bigsean    
Listening to my record on my way to another MikeWiLLMadeIt sesh  
We Can't Stop is coming out in the UK in 2 Days!!  
DaOnLyMaRz MikeWiLLMadeIt you know we gotta keep that kinda info in that DM maaaaafaccckkkkka 
Don't forget about my  tee MarcJacobsIntl 
DaOnLyMaRz you know what me and MikeWiLLMadeIt up to today?!?! This shit gonna be outtttttttta here  
THANK GOD for another day  imma make this one count 
DaOnLyMaRz   
Vote  
Vote  
Off to the YO chanel BALENCIAGA Versace 
Happy bday HausofPheed  
rayraysaadiq GREY__NAT amp; WE WON'T STOP 
i'm in my ZONE    MikeWiLLMadeIt 
FrencHMonTanA MikeWiLLMadeIt accompanying me on my werkout this a.m. 
Close to 13 million! Close to album title release  
Step yo game up!!!! Vote 4 me VMAS  ps WCS is back to numero uno on vevo N iTunes! 
MikeWiLLMadeIt   
1future ditto  
On muah way to a.......  
KhloeKardashian SHAKE YOUR TITS FOR GLITTER  
MikeWiLLMadeIt iAmPnAsTy DaOnLyMaRz AplussPRODUCER TMF_JBo ehhhhhh ehmmmmm 
  
So close to 13 mill. 
VOTE FOR ME  
ChloeGMoretz that song you came out to was pretty ballin ;) 
Just sent my girls RobertsEmma amp; ChloeGMoretz my  tee. Can't wait to see my naked body on you. Is that weird?  
Now on Vevo 
 
WCS directors cut is on YouTube will be on Vevo in 2-3 hrs! 
We Can't Stop Directors Cut is COMING SOOOON!!!!!!!!!!!! 
RealDenikaB this shoot is HAWWWT! Dayummmm 
Workaholics please come back 
"EVERYONE gotta have a Cartier" - billyraycyrus  
 MarcJacobsIntl 
tishcyrus  MarcJacobsIntl 
rubyjean_wilson You gotta be sure to rock one!  
crackcat "It's so GOTDAYUM HOT! SH!T! Who the hell payin for this damn meat?!?!" 
MileyHappyFloyd frappalatte sending you  and  
