text 
"Rehab," by Amy Winehouse -- new 2016 theme song 
Happy to join this esteemed group at a meaningful forum 
The digital revolution is finally here for political media 
nicco Kennedy_School ShorensteinCtr morraam Congrats Nicco! Exciting news. They're fortunate to have you. Cheers. 
Trump can't seal the deal. Cruz-Kasich unite to stop him:  
"That moment when 2016 hits you" For me, there are many moments, and more in 2015 
RubinaHafeez thanks!! 
Will be on Fox News at 1:15p ET for some straight talk on gender pay/earnings gap. Tune in! 
Huge things happening here 
Not fair! 
So sad to lose Prince, the legend. Many, many hours of dance rehearsal to his music.  
More accessible, responsive debates. Good stuff here amp; I'm proud to support opendebates 
amyefenton just followed you! 
Rest easy, this is only the biggest change in $ until Donald Trump puts himself on all currency 
Trump won New York. Yawn. 
Neither Party has made this a campaign issue. It would really make America great  
Time for media to embrace its future. Worth a read 
Major compliment, thanks! 
Launched: this awesome series w/ verilymag amp; EmpoweredWomen. First featured superstar sarahkunst. Amazing story. 
Warm amp; fuzzy read of the day 
realDonaldTrump blamed W for 9/11 
realDonaldTrump gets credit for constantly bigger, better... total jerk moves (to put it kindly) 
 
On  remember everyone deserves to be paid fairly. Nobody should be paid less simply b/c they are a woman. No brainer. 
Prepping for four hours of radio tomorrow morning on gender pay gap. Important issue that's way more complex than most admit.  
What an anniversary! 
This dumbs down the equal pay issue and sets back the cause to address remaining sexism/discrimination.  
Digital organizing by BernieSanders truly impressive. Work of long-time pros SGcatalyst amp; zackexley, others. 
Sad 
The RichardDreyfuss as realDonaldTrump because it's 2016: Way to be INJO! 
What jeweljk show tonight! Reminded "Who Will Save Your Soul" about big city shock, lack of self-reliance amp; grit. 
billmurphy twilight zone 
Cali, Cali, Cali 
His act is wearing thin Great quote by rorycooper from NeverTrumpPAC 
brianros1 self-described moderates have largely been Trump voters but for general least turned off by Clinton. x-tabs to watch. 
Moderates, not independents, most interesting to watch this cycle.  
Sure, but could say same for every two weeks since Trump announced  
So much winning 
Those rules Trump complains about: they've helped him e.g. 100 of 99 delegates from FL where he received 45 of vote. 
USDS is best thing to happen to government in years, earns bi-partisan support and should be expanded.  
"[I]ts all about what you fundamentally think...and whether it meets the needs of real people" Great SteveHiltonx 
After House of Cards, pretty shocking not more coverage of this: 
I do love that this election has made the impossible seem possible. My hope is that makes politics more accessible amp; inspires new talent. 
What's changed in the last month? Trump's path to win nomination before convention narrow, unlikely if he loses Wisconsin.  
bethanyshondark Wha??? Is this shelved under sub-section "American privilege?" 
One of the best columns I've read this year, no fooling.  
Trump is a menace. He's made a mockery of America, conservatives and the presidency.  
Conservative women in media call on realDonaldTrump to ---gt; 
Good line. Of course it belongs to someone else. 
Hope 
How social capital is key to a stronger democracy 
We'd all benefit from putting sliver of TV spending this cycle into a Schoolhouse Rock campaign.  
Remember when Marco Rubio was slaughtered for the debate where he repeated the same line three times in a row?  
Remember when Rick Perry ended his '12 campaign by forgetting the third gov't agency he wanted to eliminate?  
Time to re-up this, again 
Too soon? 
The 'ole 2016 joke about House of Cards being more plausible than real world politics. It's no longer a joke.  
I thank G-d for realDonaldTrump when I tuck my boys into bed. He's the perfect foil for the values I strive to impart.  
How about treat people decently and don't tell bald-faced lies about women or anyone else? Pretty rock solid rules to follow.  
Women don't access certain positions in Congress for this reason. To me, this is backward. 
Best practice. Good on BarbaraComstock!  ---gt; 
Inside the Trump campaign, Which is better: attacking the depression episode or attractiveness of Ted Cruz's wife? Answer: both. 
"Market-driven technological progress is the most direct path to prosperity at scale." Wise advice for SpeakerRyan 
Ya think?  
is Party of Lincoln amp; Reagan 
Get it. Know amp; own your strength. 
Back at 'ol stomping grounds for twitter  Trying not to check phone 150 times.  
Don't like hyperbole but we have a civic crisis in America 
brianros1 defined tone deaf. 
You have to defend your wife. It's the Dukakis rule.  
To the Romney Republicans: There is a way out of this Trump nightmare. by gvakka 
Opportunity to answer the call for leadership. Eagerly anticipate this speech.  
Our freedoms--speech, religion, peaceful protest--last, best defense against terrorists who envy amp; resent us. That's why  
Happy birthday Twitter! Proud to have spent a couple of years as a Tweep and nine years tweeting!  
The election is a mess. Let's have a do-over.  
And this man will make the case that Hillary Clinton plays by her own rules?  
ron_fournier matthewjdowd yes, tho there's also "professionals" eager to disrupt, not at expense of e.g. free speech, religion, etc 
Consensus behind someone with no respect for First Amendment? Not happening.  
For context, Trump has won 47 of allocated delegates so far, others have won the rest.  
Monster piece. "[T]here were as many communities enjoying a sense of revival as there were fighting...despair." 
Democracy is popular, rightly so. But party maneuvers e.g. FL winner-take-all favored Trump. Others may hurt 
Thanks for listening! 
Seriously, Christie, Gingrich, etc have been possessed 
Refreshing way to start morning w/ purpose of making real progress on poverty in America.  
What's good is bad. Got it? 
Night y'all. Off to read the Constitution.  
alaskan wut? 
Donna Brazile said on CNN Donald Trump won a majority of voters. Fact check: False. He has won more than current field, not majority. 
Cruz full-throated appeal for Rubio's voters.   
In election night analysis, pundits surprised that Donald Trump was conciliatory. He's been that way every election night since Iowa. 
"We are going to have great victories for our country." -- realDonaldTrump, the Imperialist 
He hires the BEST people 
Winner:  Get on board---gt; 
Congrats to TeamKasichOH on Ohio victory!  
The band plays on. 
Evergreen tweet: candidate(s) that win don't do everything right any more than losing campaigns do everything wrong.  
Grateful to spend evening at Afghan women exhibit w/ laurawbush amp; runningstart 10 yrs.  
Has this ever happened before with Metro? More chaos than a snowstorm where at least people generally know to stay home. 
Warning to thy American who does not bear the Trump flag on their home, logo on their sleeve 
This would have been a big story w/o Trump and worth paying attention to 
Once a bully, always... 
Smart amp; balanced from marcthiessen on the protestor situation 
This election is so much more than a crisis of conscience for political parties; it's a crisis of conscience for every American. 
Just like broken windows amp; graffiti perpetuate lawlessness, bad actors in trusted institutions erase incentives to do right  
Free society depends on citizens' sense of responsibility amp; commitment to basic truths e.g. Golden Rule. We pass these on to our children. 
TomDba MoveOn that's wrong. Americans don't advocate violence against fellow Americans to make a point. 
To be clear, we are Americans. We don't encourage violence against fellow Americans to make a point. 
Trump surrogate-in-chief 
 
That primary has played out with realDonaldTrump leading is sign of best of democracy; too bad that he, himself, poses grave threat. 
to;dr chuckgrassley amp; RepDavidYoung rodblum won't commit to support Trump for now 
To those saying Hitler comparisons exaggerated 
People outraged at Trump is a good sign.Devastating if Americans apathetic/sit on hands while he poisons us  
Yup 
I so can't wait until realDonaldTrump unifies the country again. 
NEWSFLASH 
Nice! Such important work. 
And with his young son amp; wife right there 
He needs to man up to it 
I will take "this is a great country that we need to preserve amp; strengthen" vs "we are total losers" rhetoric 1000 times/day  
Ha! Sons of blue collar workers vs the trust funder. Good one by Cruz.  
Yes, take a look at who is giving what, including the $ donors to the "self-funder"  
No idea if it matters but I was *visibly* moved by real image of Jeanette Rubio giving supportive talk to marcorubio.  
Reminder: 2/3 of voters in GOP primaries/caucuses so far voted for someone else than realDonaldTrump  
I used to hate process questions in debates. But the bar has been lowered.  
Good Cruz turn of the table: People don't pledge support to POTUS candidates, candidates work for people.  
Good on jaketapper for the follow-up, reading Trump's own words promoting violence.  
Don't forget that Trump spent years trying to kick wounded veterans off 5th Avenue 
Shorter Trump on Israel: I walked in a parade, looked great, yuge crowd, cheers, I'm the most pro-israel. 
I trust Trump's peacekeeping ability, don't you?  
Playing right into their hand 
Rubio not interested in being politically correct but instead correct. Terribly sad that correct is potentially political suicide  
Rubio: "The problem is a President just can't say anything they want. It has consequences, here and around the world."  
Good marcorubio though Social Security insolvency is least of what we'll need to explain to our children under Trump rule.  
Classic. I do bad things, but trust me to crack down on people like me  
Trump re: H1B: "I'm a businessman, and I have to do what I have to do." 
We are going to "beat" them usually means win the election. May be literal this time.  
Cruz with explicit anti-Washington message  
Rubio: this election, what's at stake is our identity as a people.  
Thoughtful to remember Nancy Reagan at debate start. Hope it sets the tone.  
Trend towards "time shifting" TV does not mean you start a program 30 mins late.  
Stop the bruiser 
This is abuse 
Leaders looking at top of GOP ticket, thinking who they'd rather hitch wagon to: It's a moral choice, not a strategic one  
Economic populism we all should embrace. Candidates must be pressed on how anti-trade, socialist and/or statist policies get there. 
New trend for 2016: "Marginal Media." Have to disagree that it makes candidates more vulnerable. 
TV "news" under same spell as Chris Christie.  
2016, the alternative election in every way. CW says you kiss babies, Trump calls them stupid.  
Country first. 
Except that he's there, and he's the GOP frontrunner 
Also said by anyone who has ever criticized Trump on TV/radio/online 
The wisdom of GOP women---gt;  
 women who most inspire me, grateful to know them: my Grandma, my Mom of blessed memory, my fun, fearless gal pals 
To those who say Trump, the unstable bully, does not represent America, you're right 
Worth a read 
2016, in summary 
So sad about loss of iconic Nancy Reagan.  
  
nicktjacob alivitali 
But please keep talking about realDonaldTrump hands   
Scared off by  
Great compliment. Thanks for listening! 
Yoga lobby ftw!  
In case there was any doubt,   
realDonaldTrump may be afraid of megynkelly but she's not afraid of him.  
I really missed CarlyFiorina in first segment of this debate.  
Time to re-pin this 
Keep hitting. He's about to blow.  
What's happened last 5 minutes? I think I passed out.  
Sorry, this audience is not going to keep noise level down. Nice try.  
greenfield64 HotlineJosh family/friends? Hard to scale. 
Trump appeal like Lester Burnham in American Beauty when he tells off "the man."  
Truth: pundits as clear about who would win gen elex swing states as they were about primary  
OH on CNN: "Passion is ruling the roost" at least on GOP side. So true. Both for/against Trump. 
Where are the "safe spaces" for those who reject statism amp; fascism?  
danpfeiffer probably 
GOP primary sentiment: swing big. We should all agree to swing big, agree about importance of problems amp; offer non-destructive solutions. 
The notion that GOP voters are angry is over-blown. Frustration, desire for change not the same as anger.  
Same crew behind 9/11 
Breath of fresh air tonight! Thanks for inviting me. 
 
Chris_Anderson hides face. 'Twas not so long ago I would insist on seeing every Best Picture nominee.  
I've watched long enough to know that I must watch Mad Max: Fury Road immediately amp; that Chris Rock rocks. Thank you  
Don't vote for candidates who take money from big banks amp; weird billionaires, he says. So vote Trump?  
This would be funny in 2015 
"Hey, everything's not racism. Everything's not sexism." - Chris Rock 
Of course 
 because I expect better behavior, more rational arguments from my 3-year-old 
Christie endorse significant b/c it forces other leaders to face moment of truth. 
Know that saying, a crisis exposes who has character, who are true friends. 
$$$ 
And we wonder why Americans think our leaders only look out for their own self-interest.  
Trump can deal it, but can he take it? We're about to find out. 
Neither Rubio or Cruz have marched in an Israeli parade. Trump has them there.  
Trump says he is more pro-Israel than anyone on the stage. Then says he's neutral. Classic.  
Did anyone seriously think Rubio was going to avoid hitting Trump tonight?  
Hashtag! 
In other words, we've been attacked. This is war. Act accordingly. 
Eternal recurrence 
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear. 
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. 
rickklein don't forget Kasich at 7 
mkhammer congrats to you and FDRLST. Long live the republic! Look forward to soaking in/sharing your game-changing work. 
reihan but did he publicly shame everyone that offended him, call them losers? 
amyewalter Y. At this point, Rubio needs greatest "contrast" ad of all time, and it can't just be an ad. 
Rubio. A speech. The picture of America under Trump-ism. Why we must stop him. Do. It. Only grand American experiment at stake. 
amyewalter PatrickRuffini agree, college-educated white women will be in disaffected no (wo)man's land in that scenario 
$$$ 
Comedy clips during a presidential forum. The most 2016 thing ever! *Almost* makes you forget what's real.  
Bringing the Mom guilt! Q: why young women supporting Sanders? Clinton: You may not support me, but I will always support you  
Meanwhile, Trump jokes about dating his daughter, calls women fat pigs, dogs. But have fun w/ your out of context handwringing. 
AntonVuljaj most don't even read the full statement or context. Too excited about "gotcha!" to show any restraint. Ridic. 
Silly season: knocking Kasich for saying women in 1978 left kitchens to campaign. Was talking about how grassroots campaigns have changed. 
HotlineJosh at least. Could even go back to 07-08 with Mike Huckabee/Ron Paul/Fred Thompson supporters. Don't forget how McCain struggled. 
3/ Won't claim to have silver bullet. But look to peer/social pressure, embed ppl in communities, inspired counter-army, open conversations. 
2/ And why traditional propaganda e.g. TV, mail, unreliable. Like fighting jihad with a re-branding campaign. 
1/ Mistake when media/pro political class assumes low info, low affinity voters know amp; see the Trump that they do 
For as much as Trump and his supporters obsessed with winning, they seem more concerned w/ protest than victory. 
Tendency to do a lot of finger pointing. More productive to put that energy to plan/strategy.  
How many times has Trump screwed the worker that he claims to protect? 
Media likes to talk up war w/in GOP. The result tonight is what happens when no war, hardly a battle vs toxic frontrunner.  
Don't retweet Ann Coulter. She, too, knows exactly what she's doing.  
brianros1 matthewjdowd agree. Debates, particularly among two or three, instructive. Lean towards fewer in exchange for more town halls. 
matthewjdowd campaign a job interview, and town hall more transferable to presidency than debate format which dies with the campaign. 
Thanks! 
Fun question: what's new word for TV? All visual arts via code. Category distinction: entertainment, news, sports... 
Wow. 
A must-read for anyone interested in evolution of media and political power 
Kudos to these questioners. Bright lights, big stage and they're stepping up for democracy.  
Contrast: I am going to love all Americans b/c President represents all Americans (Rubio) vs my enemy = Republicans (Clinton)  
ctsa some in gov't push regulation, subsidies that others in government need to stop, so yes gov't has a role 
Rubio GETS it re: economy. Digital revolution not to be feared/stopped but understood so we can prepare, adjust accordingly.  
jonward11 you're a great father 
Appreciate marcorubio answer on women in combat. Anyone who meets minimum standard can serve; no lowering standards to meet societal aim. 
The new NBC/WSJ poll is a) sign of Trump decline, b) outlier, c) both, or d) irrelevant.  
Haley, Rubio, Scott. The bright side of establishment disruption.  
"Boom!" as they say 
haleyvandyck USDS congrats to you on what sounds like an incredible talk to represent amazing work of your team. 
The pay for performance model for social programs really interesting 
jigolden wexler pgreenberger that's you? Too cute! Looks like a The Limited shirt my Mom wouldn't let me have. 
Incredible: Bernie Sanders winning feminists, even at Clinton's alma mater 
CNN last Aug, I said Trump frontrunner, serious amp; wake-up call. Likened him to abusive boyfriend. Truer every day. 
In nation years, America is going through the pre-school phase. Explains everything.  
"[P]olitics...abstract, strident amp; conducted like...participants...some sort of sport" great from dougstafford 
"Why 2016 Has You So Stressed" jimgeraghty clears it up for you 
So realdonaldtrump is both a birther and a truther.  
"We were different. We were one." Scalia-Ginsburg collegiality, friendship best of D.C. culture, America amp; humanity 
As a fellow idealist-realist re: digital disruption, look forward to reading this book. 
Omg, Trump repeats Rubio. Must be a double choke, or something. Heh.  
With gratitude to carlyfiorina for stepping into the ring amp; awe for whignewtons for her talent, character amp; persistence.  
 
After tonight's dramatic election result, state of New Hampshire's central question remains unanswered: Live free, or die? 
This was odd, bungled exchange at debate. Women who want shd sign up for selective service. Draft not real issue. 
GradyC71 GOP agree, amp; exactly why I think one slip not killer media making it to be. Rare for great debater Rubio, will make him better. 
Doesn't Rubio own it as not his best min of 17 other great mins in debate? Highlight pettiness others resort to as they struggle?  
Amazing that same pundits who said Trump lost after each debate, before he was 2nd in IA and tops polls in NH, still call winners/losers. 
Anyone going to ding realdonaldtrump for three-repeating the same line in his close? "We will win, we will win, we will win" ;-) 
These questions fr mkhammer about SSM, abortion amp; how GOP appeals to Millennials fantastic. marcorubio strong answer why he's doing well. 
Yet, there are issues women service members face more acutely than men e.g. sexual assault, suicide.  
Why gender politics complex. Women face same requirement as men re: draft=gender equal. GOP candidates support it, HillaryClinton not sure 
It's that bad. Horrifying.  
Good question by mkhammer. Rocking her debate debut.  
Florida was good to bencarson. His charmer game is strong tonight.  
With ISIS questioning, marcorubio shows he knows what he's doing, possibly putting to bed Obama-knows-what-he's-doing-gate of an hour ago. 
We tend to grade debates like film critics--style, substance, specifics. Voters don't. I'm not convinced that this has changed much so far. 
How great is jebbush feeling right now?  
Sign that tonight's realDonaldTrump reformed? answered mkhammer question w/o insulting her, albeit with D talking points  
If you're liberal barackobama effective President. I think point marcorubio was trying to make is conservative Obama would be great. 
For 16 years, GOP view was Governorship best path to Republican WH. Bitter pill for Govs to swallow that none are top 3.  
marcorubio ticks off accomplishments in the Senate, throwing water on narrative of last few days + subtly taking on GOP Obama hit.  
Trump appears nervous but certainly more sober, measured in his delivery.  
Intro cluster = foreshadowing?  
Yassss 
Attacks re: repeat lines/speeches more psychological than persuasive. Bit much in debates. Otherwise smart to break thru in pack of many. 
No, prob running through a network e.g. Google 
"Whatever they decide to do, that's fine." - Hillary Clinton, through gritted teeth re: audit of IA Caucus results  
Yes, politics of fear with the enemies being "corporations" while they criticize Rs for feeding fear of ISIS et al 
Both candidates have vilified corporations.  
Re: last tweet, it's obvi not that simple, but odd to talk as if it is  
If Clinton had so much influence over Wall Street, and she should have given the $$$ they paid her, why didn't banks listen?  
The key exchange. If Clinton loses to Sanders, key word: Wall Street.  
Karl Rove and other billionaires?  
carlyfiorina shouldn't be in debate b/c she's a woman. But b/c polls inaccurate amp; she beat Kasich/Christie in only IA poll that mattered. 
We have media on steroids, people with busy lives who don't know what to believe. Minds change fast. 
I could see this being amazing. 
Voters almost universally crave a hopeful vision + disruption. Steep climb to convince them WH needs proven manager.  
 
EliseStefanik pmusser TeamIMGE thanks Elise! 
Awesome! Way to go mkhammer. 
Look forward to working with this incredibly talented team! 
Great piece. This race is anything but neat amp; tidy and several more days + debate before NH 
Trump ground game may have been good. Needed to be "the best."  
cc: EmpoweredWomen fun segment, more to come! 
bethanyshondark also sounds like big-little sibling differences. When you're younger, you have to use what little power you have. 
Those who "game" the system get ahead. That's what fires up Sanders amp; Trump supporters alike.  
Rubio's target: win more NH voters than Cruz. This "must unite the establishment" media speaks of should be peripheral  
 
Enjoy this letter to Ivanka Trump from my friend carriesheffield. Can Ivanka support her Dad amp; exert independence? 
Simple as the English language 
Given gap with lt;30 voters, isn't unmarried women gap inevitable? Factor of youth, not marital status. 
Why Clinton most afraid of facing Rubio 
So what's media to report on for the next week if public polls are totally untrustworthy?  
Headlines for tomorrow re: Dem Caucus must include: "Coin Toss" 
On Election Nights, the "End of Twitter" stories look really, really silly.  
America is Great  
Republicans are angry?  
MarkAselstine BoreGuru no, I understand it. But Left tends to paint conservatives as old/rigid/white. Results tonight contradict. 
Great point. 61 of GOP IA Caucus vote going to Cruz-Rubio-Carson, who are not old white dudes  
Updated counts! 
Let's get this straight. Clinton-Sanders leave Iowa w/ same  of delegates. Cruz-Trump-Rubio leave Iowa w/ same  of delegates.  
The Art of the Ground Game  
 
Hats are the new lawn signs?  
Everyone not named Cruz-Trump-Rubio all look to be combining for 25 total.  
People running anti-Trump initiatives do the Lord's work.  
Sometimes coverage cracks me up: "Sanders team says they're planning a big online fundraising push after this." Not news guys  
G-d love him 
Karl Rove, on Fox, re: IA Caucus: "some of the customary guides we're used to using have been busted up." Theme of  
Looks like marcorubio camp held Senator Tim Scott in pocket for now. Smart move.  
Fox shows caucus site w/ Bernie side, all college-aged, and Hillary side, all undergrads...40 years ago.  
Fact check: True 
Feel like kid on birthday waiting all day for nighttime celebration. Who will jump out of cake? Will present be sweet or sour?  
After months of spin and conjecture, it's about to get real.  
Re: last tweet, that's the hope. Expect and predict scenario   
If I could choose one, I'd pick scenario  Keeps race open, blunts Trump media mo'  
PSU_ pomonacollege indyempoweredwomen.org 
Incredible. Trump's ballot amp; faves have never aligned. Voters dislike but feel they need him? Typical with brutes. 
For GOP, IA Caucus '16 has little resemblance to '12 or '08. Trump has led for months + 4 "outsiders" dominate   
Key bit of history. And in '16 enviro, voters even more likely to blow with wind. 
Not even Nostradamus could have predicted Trump-Cruz-Rubio-Carson with 76 IA Caucus support in final DMR poll.  
Reluctantly agree 
Good read amp; reminder, pre-Iowa, that wrong to assume winner all right and loser(s) all wrong.  
Exactly 
What's it's like when you get under Trump's skin.  
Donald Trump's best debate yet, bar none.  
Props to Fox News moderators for substantive, professional debate. They set the standard.  
How it always should have been. Republican field on stage and Trump in his own side show.  
Small nit: Chris Wallace should lose the ".com" with prompt for viewers to go to Google  
For everyone fact-checking Rubio, that Sweden doesn't have a President makes the zinger more funny.  
How long until Donald Trump praises Fox for having run a tremendous debate?  
"I like ______" about political opponent on debate stage always means you're about to slice them.  
"He's very charming, he's very smooth." - Cruz, with the classic non-compliment compliment  
Talk of Senate procedure, name dropping elected officials, sure loser in this environment.  
Certainly. And Trump will be vindicated. 
Fox showing vid clips of candidates in own words? Mystery finally solved re: why Trump really wouldn't show.  
Sure, candidates repeat what they've said in past debates. Few days until Iowa, and last impressions matter.  
Chris Wallace must be sensitive to Megyn Kelly eating up attention as tough moderator.  
Yep, wanted to be paid off.  
Every candidate should reject the establishment lane.  
marcambinder yes, well 
Shot: Donald Trump demands fair and nice treatment, Chaser: The Complete List of Donald Trump Insults  
Meanwhile... 
Pretty sure given the other candidates in the field that immigration would be oft talked about, if not for Trump.  
Imagine this: President Trump deciding what is/isn't fair.  
Disagree. Internet makes it more transparent, and more people don't like what they see. 
matthewjdowd some ppl writing Trump off blind/ignorant to reality, many others simply have faith in character/restraint of voters. 
anniescranton which article were you referring to? 
Incredible. I was one of those kids who had Challenger memorial poster on my bedroom door for years 
Keyword: "once." We're being asked to forget history, wipe it clean.  
jonward11 silly. I don't engage in human conversation. 
Correct...can't pick and choose old rules to apply. Rethink all assumptions in direct media era. 
This is the kind of stuff that makes people want to move out of the city: 
Bingo 
Trump may skip a debate. Not yuge deal. That he demands, and often commands, full control of media=danger.  
People being called "fat pigs" and "slobs" by Trump need to shut up and take it. But Trump being asked about it? Off limits.  
As a reminder, the question megynkelly raised first Fox debate that irritated Trump:  
If Trump skips debate, and loses Iowa, debate will be seen as factor, whether true or not.  
megynkelly doesn't weigh a lot. Fact check: True  
To Trump, this is a game of chicken. Fox shouldn't budge. Trump will cave, and say he did it for the voters or something.  
In other news, this mother and nurse adopts hospice babies and loves and cares for them until they go 
Donald Trump not afraid, doesn't care about rules of engagement. He's a bully and loves to throw weight around. Campaign theme: "Dare me!" 
For GOPers livin' on a prayer, your must-read for the night. 
"I could skip the last debate before Iowa, and I wouldnt lose any voters, OK?"  
Color me shocked that realDonaldTrump is acting like an 8-year-old again. Child-in-chief.   
Why he does what he does... 
This is called putting on your big girl snow pants: 
Way to go INJO team! 
Hey Twitter, this is the Real realDonaldTrump  
Buying now. Everyone else should too. 
Don't look now, it's Donald Trump yelling about our crappy country... Psych! 
What is establishment? Depends on who you ask (in politics, favoring success of self amp; powerful few over many) 
It's not simply insults. It's aligning w/ "white genocide" activist amp; image of Trump gassing Sanders, Hitler-style 
Stunning. Get the "bold, gives a voice" stuff. Don't get the "he's never flip-flopped" stuff 
Great work by Georgetown students! 
"These are the lamentations of the 68 ...Republican voters [in NH]...immune to Mr. Trumps charms and entreaties" 
Picture vigorous head-nodding when reading this. "A GOP Majority in New Hampshire Pipes Up: We're Not for Trump" 
How would you describe each of these? Sums it up. Clinton announcement: Sanders close: 
Fascinating look at police reform in San Antonio, TX, perhaps model for police engagement w/ mental illness 
In Trump v Sanders or Clinton two-way match, most Rs deriding Trump will support (or stay home). For nro, about holding moral high ground 
That's rad. Congrats Adam! 
Most importantly re: idea of "war," maj of primary voters don't care about hand-wringing of intelligentsia.  
Meant Trump, no Sens for Cruz 
...and 3) the real battle is the onslaught of attack ads among and against Bush, Christie, Kasich, Rubio 
Asked about unprecedented "war" among GOP on CNN re: Trump v Cruz. 1) not a war, 2) no electeds have endorsed either... 
Really remarkable turnaround for marcorubio. From average teen who hung out in a park to presidential contender! 
For candidates behind, time for full-throated argument why must be them vs Trump. No more rising above. He's set the terms.  
Few candidates, e.g. marcorubio have talked about it but no moderators have asked. Insane. 
FWIW, my uber driver just said, "I'll tell you DC has done a much better job than MD [with clearing roads]. MD has done nothing!" 
When your campaign rolls with lenadunham ... 
No surprises here but worth a reminder of how Millennials consume news 
The most overused word in election coverage: Establishment.  
So, ed reform...  
What do we predict for 2024? 
Palin influence peaked in '12. Ask Rick Santorum how influence then translates to '16.  
Bernie peaking too soon? 
Hilarious. Gobbledygook at its finest. 
"Despite being...wrong time and...again, many...reporters...cling to...unshakeable faith in the conventional wisdom" 
Anita Dunn comment about new rules spot on here And why would HRC remind she campaigned 'til June "last time?" 
Great piece 
Pretty funny! You never know with this guy... "women may in certain ways be much better than men," 
Take note: The campaigns that are doing well operate a much faster speed than others.  
Many guiding lights, my favorite for  "We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. - MLK, Jr. 
For prez candidates out there banking on the Hail Mary!, turn up your optimism  
Whut?! 
What political analysts tend to underestimate is how quickly minds change in hyper-, rapid-media environment.  
In most anti-CW election yet, don't put too much stock into "it's a two-man GOP race." Same ppl said Trump would fade a couple months ago. 
In case anyone cares, Just Posted: I'm a Republican. You Couldn't Pay Me to Vote for Trump  
New York values? 
"[T]he threat of Trumps wrath ultimately kept many conservative groups on the sidelines" Trump = effective abuser. 
Asked often about likelihood of indy candidate. Trump is really an Indy candidate running as a Republican.  
Asked on CNN whether brokered convention, indy candidate likely. Big maybe. Trump leader but also has most Rs who will never vote for him. 
K g'night. See you on CNN w/ CarolCNN at 9:30am. Tune in, record, text me an emoji...  
Lot of disagreement on Twitter about who won. Doesn't matter really. Only matters whether it moves   
Trump defying odds means he'll get accolades in post-debate coverage... master media manipulator.  
That analysts, journalist and pundits think this was Trump's best debate of the cycle means it was his worst debate of the cycle.  
History-lover in me wants to frame that...  
Reagan!  
'New York values' on stump, for emotional react, not a big deal. Protracted ding in debate was petty.  
Trump top answer of all debates painting picture of New York values through 9/11 response  
Dumping on NYC is unnecessary. May not be politically important but it's admired/beloved by many.  
What Christie just did re: Obama was the opposite of a hug.  
That's the most fired up I've ever heard Carson: "do we have values any more?"  
Discount what you're going to hear in these ads? Then what's the point? What did donors give good money for?  
So far: Cruz smooth, Trump being Trump, Rubio the adult 
America, tune in! Republican candidates are funnier than you think  
That was brilliant..."I name you VP, and then if you're right, you get the top job." - Cruz 
Literally LOL at Trump. This why people love him. Many have called him jerk... but he's seen as affable guy who plays jerk on TV  
Cruz with the Trump smack. Shocked Trump has not interrupted.  
Smooth of Cruz to hit others while defending self. Will need to tighten it up, tho. When your 'splainin, you're losin'  
...and marcorubio just took that Jeb! line and smashed it. HillaryClinton is disqualified, he said.  
Proof he's not a DC insider? 
LizMair better to listen to the voters with? 
Remember when the guys in the middle were the major underdogs in this primary?  
 
For the curious, this is what reince called out in the debate intro. 
Look forward to experiencing, thru virtual reality, "Where are they now..." special on these girls in 20 yrs 
Must-read on potential corrosion of Silicon Valley (w/ comparisons to NYC, and not mentioned, resemblance to DC) 
Interesting. Is it only a fashion thing? 
This is awesome re: nikkihaley 
I think the first time I've been quoted saying BS. It's that kind of cycle. 
Gross 
kevinboyd1984 JessaNaomi well, we're not at rock bottom yet 
Ever an optimist, I see Trumpism bringing better leaders in common cause to restore American character amp; spirit. When you hit rock bottom... 
When you know whereof you speak amp; have moral center, don't need to yell. nikkihaley modeled better politics that barackobama spoke of. 
Maybe she should have run for the big job. 
Remember when everyone said we should ignore Trump, or that he was a joke?  
Must-read, takes the pulse of  and the legacy of BarackObama 
Out of the gate: clear play for women in '16 with new equal pay, family leave and min wage laws. Not mentioned: abortion.  
Second half of this speech more like an Obama therapy session. What could have been... but why?... they are just so...  
Doesn't square with empathy for those who feel they don't have a voice. Is their voice important or simply "noise?" 
Not targeting people based on race and religion biggest Ryan applause line of the night...unbelievable that Trump could ever be elected. 
Read the written word:  
ohiomanblotter SalenaZitoTrib adopted and not sure but I think Cairn/Westie mix 
Why in Aug I said Trump like abusive boyfriend. Alluring but will punch you in the eye. 
Yup. 
Freddy and I totally geared up for tonight's  
Sorry: Hillary as inevitable as she was in '08. More agitated electorate, w/ greater sense of empowerment than even back then.  
Surprise! An underdog candidate is surging in Iowa. This caucus, same as the old caucus.  (Obama, Huckabee, Santorum, Sanders) 
That said, amp; all due respect to hard-working friends, kicking door on way out won't sate those who paid for burning house.  
So many ppl worked up over Iowa TV ads that have shown little-to-zero impact on  thus far.  
Talked to fox5dc about the presidential selfie trend cc: RonicaCleary KSoltisAnderson  
This is how you do it...check your bull at the door. 
Major Dem forums have occurred Sat before Thksgiving, Sat before Christmas amp; same night as The Bachelor. What's next? Super Bowl?! 
Disappointed that CarlyFiorina won't be on main debate stage after strong showing at previous debates and early states as good as others. 
+1 
HotlineJosh CNN yes, there's a chance, like in '08, but hard to match Bernie intensity at that point. 
Asked on cnn if Bernie wins IA amp; NH what it means for Hillary's camp. That's a real thing that could happen, and it would be the end. 
Clinton wants to pay for universal paid family leave w/ another tax on $250k+ earners, a policy right amp; left dislike 
The New Campaign 
File under: woman, suburban, Mom, purple state, why I [may] vote Republican 
We aren't single story, nor loyal to our brand of toothpaste, we're unique individuals...thus rise of Independents 
Whoa. FBI expands Hillary Clinton investigation to 'public corruption' track after classified emails  gt; 1,340 
YES! The Martian is fabulous. The best, and only, best comedy pic nominee I saw this year.  
I remember five years ago when Jennifer Lawrence didn't look like Hollywood. That's changed, but she's always exquisite.  
Turned on Golden Globes five minutes ago, perfect timing for this co-presentation by RyanGosling amp; Brad Pitt.  
rickdunham great question but we have the honor 
Sean Penn is a disgrace, a lunatic and this latest stunt is him laying the groundwork for his 2020 presidential run.  
Where's Doc? Desperately need time machine to go back to before reading Sean Penn in Rolling Stone. 
In which the great Peggynoonannyc plays the media with the mastery of her man realDonaldTrump 
4DavidHolden thanks! I try. 
Forget the horse race for a minute amp; meet organizers on the ground for gop. We all have a story. This is theirs. 
When we met on Twitter in '08, I knew alaskan was guy you want on your team. Congrats to delveDC for nabbing him! 
PatrickRuffini I particularly like ECorps and Twitter Supernova. 
So John McCain jumped the shark too? 
She could be lying. But mighty elaborate deceit by regular person for purpose of not angering her now-husband. 
Because we could all use a warm and fuzzy break. For the love! 
Good read: How Hillary Clinton campaign built a staff as diverse as America 
You've got to know when to hold 'em / know when to fold 'em / know when to walk away... 
Progress: no more tolerance for power men who assault women. Effect of powerless now having platforms to speak out 
lt;shruggt; 
Excited to read  by JNSmall on women's influence in America today 
For my fellow digerati, some of nation's best Chief Digital Officers for you to check out 
The "daughter effect" in support for HillaryClinton 
Thinking about this lately "Coalition of the Wild-Eyed," one of first mainstream "Web Ads" from 2004 cc: mmckinnon 
JLCBamberger yes. Candidate's spouse former elected official, integral to candidate's career amp; candidate involved in public defense. 
Of course. This has to be why they'd increase it. realDonaldTrump is one of Twitter's best brand ambassadors. 
Milton Friedman, in my head: "One of the great mistakes is to judge policies and programs by their intentions rather than their results. 
Suggested better frame for how to protect Americans from gun death: A Plan to Save Innocents from Criminals. 
LizMair yes. Trump's one ad, which wasn't avail until Sun night amp; started running yesterday, has been major political story for a week. 
Social media driver of demand for authenticity in politics. Collapsed formality. No tolerance for BS.  
"Allegations of racism and sexism have turned into powerful silencing devices." Great piece. 
Yes 
I hope this race transcends Bill Clinton preying on women. But issue as long as Ds claim women high ground... So forever  
This. If you don't believe government is a panacea, then be honest about it. 
In rhetoric, exactly the TV ad you'd expect from realDonaldTrump. In style, like most other political ads. 
Totally worth studying. But know that Trump's Twitter strategy wouldn't work the same for everyone else 
Direct media to liberate your story. Major implications for 2016 political conversation 
So far, has been like a cat with 9 lives. 
PeterHamby some ppl will have a lot of Pollies to show for it. 
PeterHamby yes, though more telling if it were broken out by digital amp; data. Data the central nervous system of all voter contact. 
How Hillary handled Bill's womanizing will continue to haunt. Worth a read by daveweigel 
If working amp; playing well enough with others makes someone "establishment" I hope my kids are establishment when they grow up  
Key line here, defines Establishment these days: "working and playing well enough with others"  
So silly. Of course a man who believes everything he touches turns to gold would empower his wife amp; daughter 
Wonderful, inspiring piece. See through the mud and mess and keep your eyes on the mission. 
matthewjdowd thanks! Enjoy following your commentary. Character matters.Joyful/grateful here but also concerned for our country. 
Many attacks flying around in pres race warrant, "Hi Pot, meet Kettle" turn the table response.  
When did Establishment become ABT (Anybody But Trump)?  
Good morning! Tune in to Mornings with Maria on Fox Biz at 6a et. I'll be on talking Hillary, Donald and more.  
Tune in to Fox Biz at 5:05p et. I'll be on talking Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump and Mickey Mouse.  
Awesome pics, tho highlight run for Pres like childhood: costumed characters, ice cream sundaes, dancing and sports! 
Or, better put, that everyone woke up and realized it 
Seems more about keeping media/other campaigns on their toes than strategy to move  
Incredible how many repeat falsity realDonaldTrump solo funding his campaign.  
On radio tour this morn talking Trump TV campaign. Trump marketing strikes again: his TV ad campaign, a given by everyone else, a big story. 
No doubt 
Bum deal 
Most consequential line of  Clinton on ISIS: "We know finally are where we need to be."  
Hillary proves once again she's great at debating, appears to enjoy it. Who will be most effective GOP challenger?  
Smart, instaresponse 
While trite, could see pres spouse question asked in an intvw, closer to general. In this primary debate, silly waste of space.  
 
Knowledge, like rhetoric, is not enough. Who will Americans trust to get the job done? That's the contest. 
Who cares about empty podium? She was missing for secs. Media should spend no more time on it post-debate. Sheesh. 
Will be hearing that ObamaCare "glitch" comment tons this election, and not from camp HRC.  
HillaryClinton's "Everybody should!" was the best, wittiest response, like something realDonaldTrump would have said.  
Because she has "resolve" 
No backing for Trump ISIS' best recruiter line. Tho smart message by HRC; try to distract from ISIS taking off under her watch  
The .001 
This smells like DNC punishing Bernie to aid their candidate for a mistake by Committee's own vendor  
Wow, terrible 
Dominating IA airwaves = losing caucus strategy in 21st century. Candidates continue to rely on it? 
Valid concern. Why Rubio at this point is Clinton's least desired opponent (2/2) 
How EMILY's List believes Clinton will close generation gap among women (1/2) 
Would love to know straight story here 
Some really happy digital consultants out there 
Yes, media impact. No passive consumption of information. The point is to consume and react 
What's with chiding people who don't love Star Wars? Different strokes for different folks. 
RussellChaddock sorry we didn't connect! Great piece! Explains well the love/hate relationship GOP reformers have w/ Trump. 
Correct but likely to fall on deaf ears "[Not] about muzzling one man...rather...defeating the ideas he espouses." 
Fascinating 
Understand the future of news with Predictions for Journalism 2016. Smart stuff here by coryhaik 
With broken promise after promise, of course Americans feel bitter and betrayed Good read by MZHemingway 
Kudos to CNN/Facebook for a well-run debate. 
Topline: General election likely to come down to who is most trusted on foreign policy. GOP strength, on display tonight.  
Not good for him when Rand Paul attacks making Marco Rubio look stronger?  
Trump tonight has said Jeb a very nice man, and no finer man than Ben Carson. Always a non-compliment in debate context.  
Though this Fiorina line made the point well enough: "There is difference between talking tough and being strong."  
Sounded like women cheering CarlyFiorina repeating saying "when want something done, ask a woman."  
Speaking on insurgents, Rubio amp; Cruz were both insurgent candidates for U.S. Senate, in 2nd amp; 3rd largest states, have that in common. 
You can't close the Internet, nor would we ever. Let's get that straight.  
carlyfiorina right private sector wd have prevented debacle. U.S. digi service now in place, so much more to do. 
Top line, legislation aside: security v privacy showdown, security will win after recent events. marcorubio on right side.  
National television isn't the place to discuss classified info. We all know to do so in our personal email.  
Snapchat! Twitter! Some happy companies tonight. Thanks carlyfiorina  
I hope people take a wee break from debating politics over Christmas.  
Good line, to be repeated: "He's a chaos candidates, and he'd be a chaos President." -- JebBush on realDonaldTrump 
Courageous opening statement by carlyfiorina. The only one who could claim some of the obstacles cited. Ballsy on stage w/ sea of men. 
marcorubio focused in drawing contrast to status quo.  
Daughter of SenScottBrown to sing National Anthem.  
CNN goes full infotainment tonight.  
Time for Survivor, Las Vegas...er, the debate.  
realDonaldTrump center stage but he's relatively quiet in debates. Have a feeling tonight will be different. 
Most pressure on marcorubio tonight but consistent record as debate master.  
These days we watch debates on two screens...and that's good for democracy h/t katieharbath 
Yes, time to double down on inspirational, inclusive and solutions-oriented agenda 
Your privacy is more protected than you think... 
Lately I've wondered about reaction if other celebrities had run for President in past e.g. michaeljackson  
As expected... 
Have read a lot of Trump stuff. This is tops: (father, protector, and why he's both enticing amp; dangerous) 
Look inside Cruz data amp; digital strategy. No memes or filters here.  
Psyched for the inspiring carriesheffield amp; team on Big things to come here! Look forward to contributing. 
Major issue for those seeking independence, self-reliance to support themselves and family 
Masterful piece by guypbenson The Trump Cult of Personality and its Conservative Media Enablers 
I've never seen a more compelling argument for comprehensive education reform than the rise of Trump for President.  
The nuance in how to run "as a woman" 
Digital ad spending continues meteoric rise 
Yes, but also populist bloc of Democrats who fuel movements like Occupy amp; were swayed by "hope and change" alone? 
MottdeWitt the majority of GOPers don't support him 
Like "How to Lose the Presidency in 7 months," where no matter how hard leading candidate tries, he can't lose. 
Remember when Trump said this about SenJohnMcCain amp; POWs? That was July. Everyone thought he was done. 
To those now saying Trump's candidacy is dangerous, where have you been the last 6 months?  
bethanyshondark but otherwise healthy? 
bethanyshondark forget to feed them again? I hate when I do that. 
But why? 
You mean to set the record straight that he has a plan, and that ISIL will be overcome? 
Pick up where potus said law enforcement won't prevent every terrorist--whether motivated by ISIL or another "hateful ideology?" As in? 
danpfeiffer sure, to the extent someone is calmed b/c the President gave a speech, then mission accomplished 
That was a "check the box" speech. If goal was to calm fears, gets a D-. 
Will he explain "contained" assurance a few weeks ago? 
Hillary secret server was never about "emails" but cybersecurity. It's really going to hurt. 
amandacarpenter sending prayers your way! 
Imagine if we redirected funds from public opinion polling into public idea gathering. Unleash American entrepreneurial spirit. 
Up next: Trump enjoys bounce in Jewish vote... 
Crowdsourcing is an inherently conservative concept not tapped enough w/in confines of government. 
Love this line from speakerryan today: "Dont outsource to the bureaucracy. Crowdsource." 
"We want to know we stand for freedom and show itnot with bluster or bravado, but with calm, steady action." - SpeakerRyan 
Peak delusion: belief that money has anything to do w/  not supporting Trump after content of this speech. 
Program note re: Trump speaking to  His daughter and son-in-law are apparently practicing Orthodox Jews. Still knows nothing. 
But, being adult is so counter-culture... 
Why are so many Americans in such despair that they resort to suicide/homicide? 
Absolutely horrific. 
HotlineJosh yes, thus the case against Trump 
HotlineJosh yellow flag, at worst, as Rubio hasn't campaigned vs Clinton (yet). 
No, this doesn't make any sense 
Getting around to inspiring Peggynoonannyc column after a holiday spent listening to more music. Give it a read 
Peacing out of interwebs for Thanksgiving. May your holiday be filled with love, kindness, respect for others amp; good food. Gobble, gobble. 
How has this guy not aged since Save By the Bell? 
politicoroger let's not forget Trump obsession w/ erecting tall buildings emblazoned with his name 
Those working on "anti-___" efforts must realize there's element of Americans grown weary of gotcha politics, looks like same old schtick. 
Tune in for barackobama update on combating ISIS: 
Politics is a serious business. Not too serious for this gem via IJ_Politics. Rubio, Fiorina, Carson pardon turkey 
Re:  campaign today, why continue with disproven wage gap statistic? Undermines credibility. 
Trump is not dangerous b/c he's an idiot. He's smart amp; proven himself the shrewd(est) politician. And a grave threat to American ideals. 
Keep an eye on this. This team is smart, agile and has a long-term vision 
Start-up leaders embrace lobbying as part of the job 
DUhockeyFan I think they help explain why he continues to rise in IA 
aaron_strauss what do you make of the 18-29 Trump support  
Fascinating new IA Caucus tracker. Note: while small segment, note Trump's support among 18-29  
Great to participate and see this happening. Kudos MattLira 
seamuskraft OKnox thanks! 
Movement to "democratize" US gov't most outraged by decisions made "by the people" Which is it? 
Grateful. Innovation through collaboration!  
NateSilver538 realDonaldTrump pollreport right, but his likeable/favorable numbers do not correlate to his ballot support 
No, no. 
BDayspring NYTnickc politico huge! Looks fun. Congrats! 
Amazing to consider extreme tactics suffragettes used for newspaper notice. With social media, easier access to "world stage."  
EmpoweredWomen screened  at E street. Thx to cathymcmorris LauraCoxKaplan jenlawlessWPI for inspiring, brilliant remarks! 
This was the case in the '08 primary too. So why fall in same hole again?  
Credit to you, an incredible role model 
lansing media will report on media interviews, events, speeches, debates, and yes, polls 
peterdaou equally critical of accepting only women amp; children refugees as fail-safe as I am President's "afraid of 3-year-olds" dig to GOP 
peterdaou highlighting the impracticality of the rhetoric on different sides. 
Newsflash: women and children can be suicide bombers too. 
jonward11 congrats!! Beautiful baby! 
Today's productivity killer, right here: 
Preach 
Email from Bill Clinton in my inbox: "I think we should meet" Will just leave that one here... 
Words matter. But don't care what we call radical Islamic terrorism/jihad. What is threat, what is plan, how will we execute?  
Beirut, also the site of deadly attack, feels forgotten 
If Republicans, or Democrats, are your biggest enemies, you're doing it wrong. I don't care how good your advisors are on the ground. 
Certainly 
Ten years ago, some ppl shouted fr rooftops that campaigns over-value: msm gatekeepers, landline phone polling, tv ads.  
The question: does HillaryClinton believe Wall St gives her big $ b/c of support role in 9/11 rebuild? Journalists don't, voters won't. 
BernieSanders won't be President. Care little whether he wants to talk foreign policy. hillaryclinton could be. Questions must be asked. 
Alioop25 thanks! I'm honored. Sorry we didn't have a chance to meet. Let me know if you come to DC. 
Perhaps best illustration that what's old shd be cherished nicco recites incredible poem, one of 300 he has memorized.  
Others: turn off for 3 hrs per day, look up from your phone days, go to local political meetings  
Love suggestion fr jonward11 that companies shd create spaces w/in culture for ppl to turn off, think, problem-solve  
Good question about how we disconnect from constant distraction of tech  
bradjenkins knock-down, drag out fight for youth vote in general...largely depend on who best communicates thru social  
bradjenkins, guy who set up Obama appearance on Between Two Ferns. Rendered success b/c massive reach to target audience  
roughtype: 2016 tipping point, soc media changing discourse. Script, talking pts=TV era; novelty, unexpected=digital era.  
Beautiful, inspiring. Suddenly I see new ways to give back... 
RepRachelBurgin thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it! 
SarahBColeman YahooPolitics YahooNews Flattered! I'm happy you found it valuable.  
Happening now:  Yahoo events team has been top-notch 
Yahoo tech amp; politics survey. Hisp amp; AfAm view tech as empowering in political process. Whites, less so.  
Not-Home Alone 
Great debate recap jmartNYT. But why no mention of CarlyFiorina, not even re: Putin in Syria, until far, far down? 
Joining cnn political panel at 10:20pm et. Tune in if you're still up!  
Curious: Did those surveyed watch the debate? 
It's always good to be in Des Moines  
Happy Veterans Day! With infinite gratitude for those who served and sacrificed for our freedom.  
BuzzFeedAndrew shiracenter your mistake is continuing to ask why 
Hear that, don't donate to Trump, folks  
How much $ will that tedcruz call to action be worth?  
This has been a delightful debate, well-run, good questions. Small nit: if Academy Awards can end on time, they can too.  
I don't think spending the most time in government should be anyone's trump card  
Fiorina line that's always strong. The problem is when "Government creates the problem and then steps in to fix the problem."  
Katich needs to smile more. :-)  
Kasich = too angry  
Big guys game the system. True, and voters are tired of it. Good answer on banks from marcorubio 
Trump is a CEO  
alaskan he might as well say he's served on the party planning committee for 18 years 
"They hate us because our girls go to school." Truth via marcorubio 
I love when Trump gets offended by other's rudeness  
chunks of oil?  
Fiorina, the fighter is baaaaack.  
Christie entire performance meant to underscore that he belongs on big(gest) stage  
I assume the "ribbon and juice box" line will win the debate b/c *clicks*  
If you mention your spouse, you better be praising them for tolerating your political career, for starters  
'nuff of the wife jokes for the primary season  
Agreed. Dads matter.  
Method acting tonight for the part of GOP primary voter by simultaneously watching debate and making dinner  
More of Chris being Chris. Something clicked back into gear for Christie a couple of weeks ago.  
When Congressional endorsements a non-factor, you can say let's fire them all.  
No more beer summits. Juice box summits forever.  
Well, really, Christie non-complimented complimented Jindal...  
Christie's message tonight: I don't care who wants me out of race. I'm here to stay amp; fighting for it.  
shiracenter underused! 
I wish multiple candidates could answer that question about better climate for single Moms to get ahead.  
Candidates who are less afraid, bolder in selling ideas. When covered 24/7, impossible to hide. A positive trend in  
Men's health. Who will be the first candidate to address?  
Media: pls apply equal standard to candidate reaction when a supporter says hateful words about women, black, Hisp politicians.  
bcoyne jigolden hey! Unfair perception. Houston has fancy food! 
Despite rise of STEM, please let's not back away from history amp; civics education. It's clear students need more of it.  
Savvy move by Starbucks ginning up fake controversy to promote new cups  
Happy birthday whignewtons!  
Government is broken is more than campaign rhetoric 
A look at the explicit gender strategy of HillaryClinton 
The Economist on why politicians ask the wrong questions on gender pay gap: tl;dr more joyful jobs often pay less 
Big ups to pounderfile and Team marcorubio. It's getting hot in here.  
Good on CarlyFiorina confronting her attackers on TheView. Ladies don't let ladies be sexist for sport. 
Lisa Blatt has argued 32 cases before the Supreme Court and won 31 of them. Whoa. Pending: Redskins trademark case 
LizMair BDayspring guypbenson justkarl then he can say, nothing says outsider more than being VP 
BDayspring LizMair guypbenson justkarl obviously, they'll switcheroo as needed by the General 
The way forward 
Great read on money and elections 
Young ppl could look at politics now, dismiss as 'cray,' stay far away. On other hand, w/ diversity, more likely to see themselves in it. 
Trained to "restart" when the machine malfunctions, not simple in this case, fellow Americans 
nicktjacob good times! 
Must-read. The Republican Class War: In 2016, Will Conservatives Finally Face the Realities of Inequality? 
Paid leave debate impt one. Two divergent worldviews: flexibility vs mandated entitlement. But Ryan requiring weekends at home a diff issue. 
Tweaks to debates. Not the family drama some in media craved. (Tho see Carson idea of debates sans networks) 
Appropriate for GOP amp; candidates to call out media. But "everything in moderation" good guidance. Primary debates are warm-up for general. 
vermontgmg Burlington_VT good for you! Congrats, and enjoy. 
lyndseyfifield aww, *blushing* 
jigolden thanks! 
With uncertainty, "[A] passing glance of what it's like to be a working family in America today." 
This piece nails it 
Congrats to SpeakerRyan! Critical times, bold solutions. Godspeed. 
I love American politics. Can always find reasons to be cynical. Must always try harder. But, democracy is a beautiful thing.  
Eagerly anticipating this moderator's Pinnochio rating after last night's  
justin_hart thanks Justin! Hope you're well! 
karenhanretty no doubt. Point is that after previous debates, unmet expectation that their poll standing wd decline. 
Sober closing thought: Keep in mind that Trump/Carson have never won a debate.  
Resist the wonky critique of Rubio's mother comment. It was a relatable moment. Though he'll be pressed more on entitlements this primary. 
StateOfSunshine I meant that makes the party look bad for the general 
Despite the generally stinker questions, no major goofs tonight.   
Forgot ChrisChristie was there, but great close for him.  
I don't think carlyfiorina smile answer was a gender play. But women moderators asking women questions to women candidates is.  
Disappointed that only Cruz--and Florina by force--had opportunity to address issue of women's economic struggle.  
There were some who thought "women" wouldn't be addressed tonight, but here we go.  
Government creates a problem, and then steps in to fix the problem. Audience should like CarlyFiorina answer.  
Many forget outsider Senate primary campaigns Rubio and Cruz both ran and won. And in two of largest states.  
Imagining if tables were turned and the candidates were the moderators w/ the moderators answering the questions. Oof.  
shiracenter They do. A couple of the guys looked really angry in the first debate. But definitely more focus on looks for women. 
When two candidates who've never held political job lead, I'm not sure voters care about time spent inside gov't chamber...  
Bless tedcruz for getting this back on track, and carlyfiorina for follow up re: real commitment to tax reform. 
This debate peaked with CarlyFiorina response about being told to smile more.  
KatCiano Yep. There's a different b/w hosting a party vs having an open house. 
Appreciate the effort it took by Fox/CNN to conduct their debates.  
Trump started to say "I don't want to insult the people up here..." *heh*  
JebBush good answer. I can't fake anger. In line with comments in SC earlier this week, soft anti-trumpism, cruz, others. 
Ruh roh, realDonaldTrump will never forgive any voter who dares to vote for someone else.  
Well, we like to say presidential campaigns are the ultimate job interview.  
KevinMaddenDC nobody can say Rubio taking on Crist in primary for Senate was a lay up... 
Odd statement. I would assume they will mention us at least as often as they mention men.  
allthingsct SlaughterAM I mention single parent families and grew up in one. They're another reason Lead Parent vernacular is off. 
SlaughterAM I Just Posted: We Can Do Better than "Lead Parent." Must-have conversation. Thanks for starting it. 
Sign 'o the times: I read this, and have counter-instinct that maybe this will work for him  
Not all equal pay, but all about economic struggle. Hillary smart to speak to go on offense with women early. 
No pressure, no pressure at all 
The other side of the "You can be anything you want. Never settle." coaching that permeates our culture 
Just Posted: Paul Ryan, the Family Man America Needs 
Make Congress work for people. That was our mission at 2nd Congressional Hackathon. Kudos mattlira Stephen Dwyer 
Take issue w/ "unlikely" alliance in this headline. Not decayed so far that surprising Rs/Ds could be family men. 
What's wrong with the intra-millionaire inequality debate? 
Look forward to leading public engagement group today. Impt event. 
Worth a read: the fight on the digital front 
Does hillaryclinton foreign policy make America weak? That is the question. Benghazi, emails, et al are the symptoms.  
Good piece about RNC progress under Reince. More organized, professional amp; (way more) well-resourced  
Biden for President, we hardly knew ye  
AdamS good one! 
Yes, translating dental conference speak for non-dentists 
jhagner DCBadger kwcollins good point 
jhagner DCBadger kwcollins you assume said uninformed voter is a her 
KSoltisAnderson How confusing. 
What's the scariest political costume for Halloween this year? 
Maybe we shd shift focus from success in economic terms to greater issue of optimism/happiness cc: arthurbrooks 
matthewjdowd BrucePurple KevinMaddenDC larger issue, Trump. Self-inflicted wounds + takedown efforts do not compute according to formula. 
patrickruffini Typical test: Do I like you? Are you like me? Trump different though. His supporters don't necessarily like him. 
He didn't say within which 48 hours... 
This is news? Assumed HillaryClinton already had at least one woman pollster 
Many candidates/electeds said same thing in private over the years. Public declaration like this  
In light of stories re: Trump, Webb campaign orgs, who decides what is a "real" campaign? 
Earned media impacts poll position. Why national polls mean little at this point. Stories out of early state voting will reorder national. 
So awesome that jimprosser from twitter is  on this list! He's a great dude too. 
FOR THE RECORD: my last tweet was sarcastic. That some apparently didn't get it underscores the point.  
C_Goscinski VP based on the RTs, you are not alone. Thus, confirming that my sarcasm is well-founded. 
rjmedwed exactly. 
BREAKING: vp may or may not announce he's running for President in the next 48 hours or so. 
A must-read on "Groundwork" (fyi, typo in the sub-hed) 
SlaughterAM why call anyone "working" anything? We're multi-story. I'm a business owner amp; product mgr amp; wife amp; Mom. Embrace the "and." 
Thanks. We're both pro-thinking amp; thoughtfulness. Common ground! 
Goldman Sachs' Millennials report worth a review: 
This, despite women being more likely to give to non-profits 
Help! My Parents are Millennials, just a little too close for comfort 
Congrats to amazing women! They're simply "The Guard" in my book katiebiber EliseStefanik jmsummers amp; others 
Noted. Stopped. Thanks for advocating proper grammar. 
JasonMKates EmpoweredWomen thanks! 
"Emulating Europe is like trying to be the pretty, popular girl...despite her battle with depression" 
brianros1 thanks for your comments. in terms of maximizing quantity v quality, impt discussion 
Just posted. Paid Leave: a Counter-Culture Perspective 
Impt issue re: boys: Role models matter. Most solo parents, and teachers in K-12 are women. 
W/ gratitude for amazing role models   event! CDMerrick LauraCoxKaplan DianeTomb EmpoweredWomen 
Turning into a pumpkin. Good night y'all. 
Who is watching the post-debate cnn focus group? Gentleman: "I think we need more socialism..." 
Political insiders should assume voters will disagree w/ them on debate winner. Would be right more often. 
True 
BernieSanders the Internet candidate of the night. Referred ppl to website for video archive amp; made direct plea for online $  
Was wonderful to have you there! 
To be clear, we can do better as a culture on worker leave. One of many real life issues that catches workers by surprise.  
Wait: Did Sanders say a mother should stay home with her baby? When does a baby stop being a baby?  
Still puzzled by woman answer. Imagine trying that in a job interview. How would you be better than the last guy? I think it's obvious. 
On one hand: judge me for my credentials. On the other: I'd be better than my predecessor b/c I'm a woman. 
Being a woman, and possible 1st woman press, a differentiator and strength, but that HillaryClinton answer on Obama 3rd term felt off. 
Good follow-up by andersoncooper: Would there be a policy difference? (as opposed to a male/female difference) 
HillaryClinton delight when others kicked Congress amp; Trump just a bit ironic.  
Srsly though, why would we attack problem of higher ed cost by giving more assistance for students. Attack the cost. 
Yah, b/c what we need is to further delay our kids becoming responsible adults... 
Was that an age joke?  
Srs question: if Democrat in White House better for economy, why did HillaryClinton leave the White House "dead broke?" 
"I've been as transparent as I know to be." HillaryClinton 
Who feels safer?  
Have to admire BernieSanders conviction/consistency, even if you disagree. 
Love my husband. Just now: oh gosh, the dress shirt with buttons went out of style awhile ago. (No fashion double standard!) 
HillaryClinton got a kick out of O'Malley there. 
False start + Sheryl Crow... Sorry, presidential debate not a rock concert.  
Heh 
lyndseyfifield too sweet, always a joy to see you. I love how Shelby is in the photo with us too! 
Actionable empoweredwomen event today w/ ideas re: women's access to capital, individual worker/workplace policy, ed reform. Debate time! 
"Venture money is not free money." Story about raising from friends amp; family. EmpoweredWomen  
Thrilled to have cdmerrick amp; teresacarlson DianeTomb inspiring women entrepreneurs, execs, investors. EmpoweredWomen  
CDMerrick "Multi-generations or women leaders coming together so impt. We're all continually learning ourselves."  
Look forward to "Hacking the New Economy" at 3p with empoweredwomen RSI aaf reformnetwork. Check it out: 
Fascinating. 
Thanks, Steve! 
Maybe unique b/c he's man enough to admit it, but not so unusual for a lawmaker and father to factor in family 
 
How has technology changed the concept of community? Mixed bag, but most Americans report positive effects 
mollyesque disagree. Politicians are not monolithic. While cynicism is understandable, worthwhile to separate wheat from chaff 
Since you asked, this tweet--and same sentiment in several analysis pieces--motivated my Ryan/family comments 
DoranLex Txsleuth lachlan 
BringerStell SaraLang he was VP nom for a few months, passed up run this time. 
Final pt: that Ryan is grounded amp; lacking insatiable hunger for power = the same reason he's in such high demand. 
3/ If I'm Ryan, I'd need to get to point of believing Speakership best position to leverage talents for good of America. Thus, worth it. 
2/ It's hard to stomach 0-2. Thankless work amp; major family upheaval. 
1/ When you're deeply committed to meaningful work and to the strength of family, there's a calculation. 
Reporters laughing off Paul Ryan's desire to be close to young family, it could, you know, be a real concern.  
Perspective 
brianros1 I get it, but it's been 3 hours. This will play out. 
Should be enlightening convo tonight. 
With open media today, the underrepresented have a stronger voice, amp; feel emboldened to make it heard. Much downside, reality nonetheless. 
What's clear is that significant portions of Americans feel they're not listened to, Congress out-of-touch. 
Just think we need to proceed w/ clearer heads re: "GOP a mess" narrative when Rs lead Senate, House and presidential head-to-heads. 
I would hope that the GOP caucus is "talking" about several potential candidates. Doesn't mean they'll be The One. 
This---gt; "The GOP" is not in disarray over Speaker election fracas 
Consider that everyone may need to chill a little. Not having a clear, consensus Speaker 2 hrs later is not catastrophic, yet. 
Everything is going to be ok. The majority want what's in best interest of country. Opportunity here.  
For fans of Medium, several exciting updates popping over night 
Excited to join the panel tonight. See you soon! 
Also smart 
Smart 
When we get this, we'll free so many Americans from wasted time/money on astronomically priced higher ed 
Re: last tweet, dig into policy ideas for new economy on Oct 13 at "Hacking the New Economy" (a few spots left!) 
Politicians turn to start-ups for grasp of 'gig economy.' Thumbtack a start-up to watch  
Utterly fascinating 
Good that cathymcmorris is in leadership. Need more like her and a growing pipeline. 
This is all of the things. He would have loved to meet you mindykaling. 
The wisdom amp; inspiration were brought at EmpoweredWomen Richmond, VA kickoff last night. Humor too.  
CarlyFiorina forces issue. There are conservative feminists and liberal feminists amp; much in-between 
Lovely night for empoweredwomen Richmond kickoff. Real, inspiring women. Straight talk.  
Seeing several replicas of this tweet. How authentic. 
marcorubio offers paid leave proposal for new workforce, today's families 
Don't ever say you went from last to first or rags to riches because...   
OnBackground, Rubio camp mgr: We [GOP] have to stop being the Charlie Brown to the Democrats' Lucy.  
Rich Lowry regarding Carly vs Trump in debate: "She really cut his ba--- off with surgeon-like precision."  
Chip Englander, manager for Paul: "Facebook and a lot of these digital things have become the 21st century door-knocking."  
There's something to tempering expectations.  
What all CW prognosticators must get: the one sure thing each cycle is a few big surprises.  
Here at "Meet the Campaign Managers" w/ nro at Google DC  
hill_charlotte thank you Charlotte. Heart shattering 
Mlsif jakebrewer beautiful reflection Micah 
Beautifully captured 
Just heard about jakebrewer. Don't want to believe. Sweet friend, loved by so many. Heartache and prayers for him and amazing family. 
Good night, folks. Thanks for tolerating my live tweeting. Hey, new followers.  
Post-debate Trump re: Florina buzz: "Well, I think she's a really nice person." Even though that has nothing to do with it.  
That's a wrap. Stop. What's that sound? D oppo staffers feverishly digging into Florina and Rubio files.  
politicalwire it's like a dance marathon 
How many babies were born in the course of this program?  
CarlyFiorina I would not change our history... women are majority... every woman should be able to live the life she chooses.  
Two doctors, no veterans (I think). Interesting evolution of presidential politics.  
bethanyshondark he's suffering under high expectations then 
This debate length should favor tedcruz who has much experience with hours and hours of talk.  
How many more times has ChrisChristie cited HilaryClinton than rest of field tonight?  
My, how we've evolved since this  
Smart observer notes DanaBashCNN keeps saying "your brother" to JebBush. Will it be "your husband" to HillaryClinton?  
For domestic issues, let's bring in the woman moderator.  I kid, I kid. 
After 130 minutes of debating, high bar for additions to the highlight reel.  
Smartest things jebbush has done all night: defend wife, defend brother.   
Flair tax. 
Flat tax? Fair tax? Or both? realDonaldTrump  
SofieInkpen it is their job to roll back intrusion to create better environment for economy to thrive 
This is right by ChrisChristie. Thought blame the moderators.  
Would really like to hear how someone is going to support economic innovation/jobs.  
realDonaldTrump not the best one to hit someone on firing people.  
Gosh, marcorubio is so anti-immigrant, CarlyFiorina is so anti-woman... wait  
Wish there were fewer questions about catty realDonaldTrump remarks.  
Moment to shine for JebBush. Defend wife, define vision.  
Can someone tell realDonaldTrump women don't care whether he has decided they are beautiful?  
CarlyFiorina baby w/ beating heart, kicking legs, having brain harvested wrong. Others: catfight over women's health funding. C'mob guys. 
Beating heart. And from the candidate showing most evidence of a beating heart tonight.  
Mic drop. Hard act to follow CarlyFiorina  
Opportunity for heartfelt answers on PP. Instead, a lot of process and procedure.  
How have we not addressed economic issues, which voters prioritize, after one hour in?  
In my dreams, we could witness marcorubio debate barackobama on foreign policy.  
Syria round to marcorubio after garbled response by realDonaldTrump  
Sorry, but I think we see what voters don't see in RandPaul  
marcorubio with a hit on foreign policy. CarlyFiorina hits it out of the park.  
realDonaldTrump "nobody has control of me." Understatement of the year.  
CarlyFiorina the anti-Trump w/ simple note that politicians are not bad people while articulating the specifics of where gov't fails. 
RealBenCarson genuinely nice, and would make an excellent hypnotherapist.  
Nice try but kind of out of touch comment by JohnKasich. Ppl love watching fireworks on TV.  
Yuge!  
realDonaldTrump smart comment, really. We're all in politics, particularly if we vote.   
realDonaldTrump scores points for consistency, coming out of the gate picking on someone else RandPaul   
ChrisChristie: candidate and director 
Braggadocious.  or national spelling bee? 
Shorter: RealBenCarson it's about our children amp; I love Carly 
Wait, Mr. T is running for President?  
Diversity of this field, and evolution of who dares to run, is striking nonetheless.  
Would love to see a few more skirt suits but thankfully CarlyFiorina has dared to go where few women have before.  
If you haven't seen, you must: Agree: best of the season. T-1 until  
mkhammer amazing! Not sure I'm more delighted by the news or this handy guide... I kid. The guide, obviously. 
jigolden thank heavens! 
If either of my sons turn out like this man, I will have failed 
2/2 anyone following closely knows gender insignificant to her rise. It's the effect of 1st debate, focus, grit, shoe leather. 
1/2 Answered ? on CNN this morning about Carly and whether she's been boosted b/c she's a woman. 
Kicking off post-Labor Day with CarolCNN at 10:15a et. Politics, women and more. 
307,000 veterans died awaiting VA health care Indefensible 
 
Exactly. Should be all the warning anyone needs. 
Things that make you go hmmm... 
Opportunity: America is So In Play by Peggynoonannyc 
Doesn't get much better. Love taylorswift13 for catering to us grownups. 
Thanks Adam 
Hi realDonaldTrump 
Horrifying and heartbreaking. Prayers for their families. 
Good on ya, FoxNews 
Great country we live in. Should be greater. Calling women bimbos a right but unacceptable in the America I love. 
Care about higher ed reform, look at --gt; minimal standards for acceptance amp; place students in jobs imperative. 
Mom told me I could be anything, even President. More often she warned me of the dangers of lying, which leads to more lying, etc.  
Quick: diagram that sentence 
cover up gt; crime 
Must-read profile of the indefatigable adambain who I was fortunate to work for at Twitter  
Thanks buddy! 
Yes, snack-able political language matters 
reedgalen EmpoweredWomen Medium thanks Reed! 
victoriarametta realDonaldTrump CarlyFiorina megynkelly EmpoweredWomen thanks Victoria! 
RonSteslow EmpoweredWomen thanks Ron! 
danhorowitz EmpoweredWomen thanks Dan! 
Personally, I read books on phone or paper, exclusively 
kombiz Timodc PatrickRuffini who's the troll now? 
kombiz Timodc PatrickRuffini All moved to real America, Columbus, OH amp; runs CivicHacks, a social good start-up community 
This is pretty clever 
"The aspiration to 'break the highest glass ceiling' shouldn't hinge on one woman; no party owns women's rights." 
"For a lot of women...the status quo means trying to earn enough...while spending less amp; less time with [family]." 
Why Donald Trump is good for women It's not what you think. 
The first GOP debate caused polling shifts, and polls will shift a whole bunch b/w now and the last primary debate.  
Gender poised to play significant role in presidential race  
Smart, grounded piece from 2 pros about role of data amp; digital in campaigns. Integration amp; teamwork keys to success. 
Must point out that whignewtons is doing an amazing job with CarlyFiorina. She rocks. 
In 2012, Twitter became the instant spin room. Could reach a whole new level in 2016.  
jrick positive or negative? 
Ponder: Four Governors, the first woman to lead a Top 20 U.S. Company amp; 2 Senators in GOP pre-debate. What a field. 
The team behind 2016s most outrageous viral videos 
Hillary Clinton loses ground with white women (the demo to watch for 2016) 
No gender pay gap for Americans in their 20s. More women w/ multiple "gigs" b/c they're breadwinners amp; caretakers 
Extended British maternity leave, often deemed "generous" and "good for women," has negative consequences 
I just can't even. 
New Profile: What Cathy McMorris-Rodgers is all about 
Perhaps Millennials are more grounded than their elders believe 
Heartened to see all of the solutions-oriented, start-up pitches. Few shiny objects here.  
Important piece: Bring Back the Jack Kemp GOP 
Watching taylorswift right here shortly. NBD 
Turns out we increasingly turn to Facebook, Twitter for news. Didn't see that coming... 
Thanks for coming.  
gunnen good call. Meant of 247 Republicans in the House, only 22 are women. Thanks. 
Check out the convo. EmpoweredWomen NRO google 
Have the 2016 candidates sought you out?" Yes, they have, and they need us." - RepAnnWagner  EmpoweredWomen 
"The fastest growing  of new business owners are women..." "We need to think beyond two or three issues as women's issues" EliseStefanik 
"Of 247 Republican women in the house, only 22 are women. That is pathetic. That has to change." RepAnnWagner  EmpoweredWomen 
ErickaAndersen with you sister! Praying for no rain for T-Swift tonight 
Nothing says stuck in the past, economically speaking, like a rebuff of the sharing economy This isn't 2008 anymore 
Thanks for inviting me! It was an honor. Always inspired by emerging, young leaders. 
This---gt; 
daveweigel congrats! Rock it! 
So excited for my friend KSoltisAnderson upon the release of her first book The Selfie Vote. Give it a buy 
Tradition six years running. The kids' Nats fan status = unconfirmed. 
MattLira congrats! 
Good read on nikkihaley, leader of the New South 
A barely there technology is already winning the influence battle in Washington. Here's how: 
Lot to be said about SCOTUS today. Will add that every advocacy, social movement nerd should study the campaign for SSM over last 20 years. 
Netflix presidential debate: coming soon? 
Millennials less likely to judge others but more likely to make responsible choices than previous gen - KSoltisAnderson  
Reminded that average age of Congress is 57, GOP caucus six years younger on average  
I hate cancer 
This is "genius," 
Youngest woman ever elected to Congress introduces GOP to millennials 
From the weekend in WaPo: Conservatives frustrated by GOP's drop in working women's votes cc: EmpoweredWomen 
What's the matter with polling? tl;dr  
Millennials' political views don't make any sense 
bethanyshondark second is complaints about your Mom, especially related your kids. Think of those who would love to have Grandma here. 
Inside the literal witch hunt that's devouring Etsy File under: Most Interesting Jobs, Platform Policy 
Sorry, liberals, liking free markets doesn't make someone a jerk Should go w/o saying... 
How the city known for Disney is reforming higher ed 
Deaniacs, early Hope amp; Changers and Occupy Wall Street-ites are a powerful force 
Birth rate rises for first time in seven years, even as teen pregnancy hits all-time low 
Re: last tweet, I'd love to see data on Americans' confidence in self, friends, family, neighbors, community. True mark of our nation. 
Americans losing confidence in... everything (read: institutions) 
ijreview killing it, partnering with ABC for presidential debate for a new generation  
Given the free-lancing, ever-evolving, nature of careers for new generation, are college "majors" outdated? 
Millennial in search of a different kind of career, less about money, more about fulfillment 
If this turns future $800M projects into $60M projects that work, it will be a major Obama accomplishment 
How many candidates could be the "first ______" President in 2016? 
Remember saying Obama's SOTU was preview of Hillary agenda. Others said, "no, it's to set her up to he centrist in comparison." Wrong. 
How is this attack not getting more coverage?  
Incredibly brave CarlyFiorina giving speech on women's equality amp; success in a room that's 70 men  bravo whignewtons 
"Feminism began of course as a rallying cry to empower women..." It has become about ideology. -- CarlyFiorina at CEI 
"...there are more CEOs in Samp;P 500 named John than there are women CEOs." -- CarlyFiorina at CEI 
The full-time job is dead. Will our policies keep up? 
"Not [every] woman wants the same thing in the workplace." Impt new data with political implications 
Case: Get ready, the Internet is about to change again. Here's how 
Women buoy Clinton as lead fades 
inathanael no promises! 
Have found this to be true, at least in politics and tech 
Attn politicos, Facebook also top news source for Gen X 
To kick off the week, a pre-order of The Selfie Vote by my gal KSoltisAnderson Excited to read it! 
You may want to get on the Slack wagon 
Print waste amp; mobile opportunity are incredible 
Sad for my homies 
bethanyshondark CarolCNN thanks! 
Sat down w/ CarolCNN "You can support women and their success w/o attaching to feminist label," and more. Pls RT 
Digging in 
MelissaJoanHart thanks for the follow! 
Millennials running from office and from politics, according to new research 
The Trigger-Happy Generation Must-Read by the ever-eloquent Peggynoonannyc 
Clinton received now classified Benghazi info on private email: 
This 1000x over---gt; Bravo, mkhammer. 
Well, yes. Too bad our education system tends to optimize towards knowledge vs comprehension and analysis. 
Forget the art of negotiation... Ban it!  
32 in this DC Insider poll read email newsletters on mobile as soon as they wake up, and other juicy nuggets 
Thrilled to partner with amazing women like you! 
12-year-old girls raped, hundreds pregnant with children of Boko Haram terrorists Horrifying 
Fun story. Adopted sisters find each other in Columbia writing class. 
Must-read on DC as start-up hotbed  
CHASER: 
SHOT: what young feminists think of Hillary Clinton 
We've come a long way, maybe cc: LeslieSanchez 
This is fun. jaconi joins the rockstar team at ijreview 
seanhackbarth exactly! 
Must all ABC answer for actions of Steph like every GOP must always speak to comments of one of their own? 
Dear Class of 2015: You're in Big Trouble 
The VA's $6B mistake. Our veterans, and we taxpayers, deserve better. 
Ugh. It's not always easy to Shake It Off.  
Many lawyers unhappy with their jobs and lives. You don't say. 
Concerning when companies flush with cash, with overwhelmingly high-income workforce, proclaim what is best for all 
KSoltisAnderson we need new punctuation for thanks online that strikes the right balance b/w jerk and valley girl. 
JessicaValenti your feminism is misguided when a minority identify with your "movement" while overwhelming majority support equality. 
This is quite interesting. The religions that make the most babies 
What's the point of professors? 
marksluckie good luck! Lots of good wishes. 
"But just b/c women share an experience amp; a problem doesn't mean they agree on a solution."  
justkarl in other words, I don't write the headlines. 
Just incredible. 
How ISIS is recruiting women from NinaEaston 
Make way for Snapchat in 2016 
ianpatrickhines sure indyfinngmail.com 
Such tragic news. So sad for his family. Sending prayers. 
 
End of era as we say goodbye to TechPresident, an early hub for Internet + politics discussion. Hello, Civicist! 
"The news that Bruce Jenner ... is a Republican is an interesting, and instructive, rebuke to the popular culture..." 
Enjoyed meeting Avery Bourne this morning. Young, new state legislator with fresh ideas 
marcidale thanks! 
The pop culture primary? TV's women leaders 
It's Saturday night, and I'm downloading The Pollsters Look forward to listening.  
Cat is out of the bag! Thrilled to launch empoweredwomen today w/ amazing group of dynamic leaders Yes, we can. 
Millennial women looking for someone who really represents them: 
Hillary Clinton will not be President. 
Can't help but wonder who's getting ripped for  announcement delay, website not perfect. Sign you've been in it too long. 
I think this makes Twitter "old media" 
Pinocchio for President? 
alaskan shark ---gt; jumped 
Another example of Disney as possibly the most brilliant company in the world 
Imagine if a major tech or bank exec said, "don't worry America, you're data is safe, we have security guards outside the server farm." 
KSoltisAnderson ijreview there are in most public places in DC who have them at all. 
Hillary's actions by any other American would end career. And she thinks she deserves a promotion? 
When you 'splainin... 
Hillary Clinton = Champion of Inbox Zero 
Some straight talk fr Amb. Susan Rice on work-life balance: "I'm not for leaning in or leaning out, I'm just for making it through the day." 
Intrigued by what Amb Susan Rice has to say during a major week in Washington for the future of nat'l security 
Ok, enough to justify watching tonight: Gaga amp; Julie Andrews. 
I "love" this from the brilliant arthurbrooks. This Valentine's Day, turn your fear into love 
Some Friday fun GOP: Six ways to ruin  Brought to you by Democrats. 
How to be young and female in Congress (from the youngest female in Congress of her time) 
KarinAgness thanks Karin! 
Why, thank you FamousDC: Famous birthday wishes mindyfinn 
Understanding your audience, what motivates is the foundation for all the things--policy, picking candidates, message, tactics. 
jtuckermartin thejimhobart no doubt, voters too. 
Attn: political operatives. Your must-read of the week (integrate, measure outputs, test and re-test) 
Congrats! bennyjohnson: Thrilled to accept the position as Creative Content Director at ijreview. 
A great reward after a productive day: purchasing the domain I've wanted.  
Look forward to working with the dynamic team at GOP to build and grow on successes of '14. Thanks all for kind words.  
Those who emailed/texted me overnight have been tagged as "consumer of news alerts," "night owl."  
Inevitable 
Congrats KMWalsh_GOP new RNC Chief of Staff! Well-deserved and hard-earned leadership role. 
Will Hillary '16 be a white dude fest? 
The real news of the day 
Raised eyebrows when politicians engage with non-"traditional" digital media. Yet, doing this since early 2000s w/ blogger interviews. 
Apple exec certainly got the memo to "know her value" 
So it's read the "tweet leaves" for 2016 
This---gt;"If leadership isn't giving female legislators the authority amp; influence they seek...rectify that" 
This is smart amp; exciting for all involved 
The worst, most ineffective argument for expanded social programs is comparison to other countries. We are leaders. We do what's right. 
alexanderiburns congrats! 
Haven't read this megynkelly profile? You should. 
I do like that the speech was posted on Medium beforehand.  
JerriAnnHenry exactly! 
Usually not a fan of obsessing over female politicians' wardrobes, but the camo shoes are a relevant symbol.  
We are a tight knit family. An apt metaphor.  
While he won't be on the ballot, Hillary's campaign shaping up to be Obama 3.0. Tonight a precursor to her platform.  
While I kid, I absolutely embrace this sentiment and idealism. No sarcasm.  
A line with which we can all agree: We must keep striving to hold ourselves to the highest of standardsour own.  
Yah, still should have sent someone to Paris.  
We don't mind paying our "fair share" of taxes, depending on who decides what's fair (and whether we can trust IRS to be "fair").  
Wait, we need to help families have more available money to pay for child care?   
Would be feeling pretty miffed if my big tech company wasn't mentioned tonight.  
It depends on what the definition of "free" is.  
While you're at it, please lower my grocery bill to $0.  
Calling a spade, a spade, in reax to joniernst pick for SOTU response 
In other words, take gov't social strategy seriously 
In GOP digital for 10+ years, starting on the Hill, amazing to see this kind of thing from Speaker's office:  
Not that silly jonward11: As silly as it may sound, not all forms are created equal. - mindyfinn 
Congrats MattLira on the HarvardIOP fellowship! Huge news. They're lucky to have you! 
AaronBlakeWP pewresearch and after response bias is factored? 
Finally, have to question response bias here Always surprises in research on this topic, nonetheless. 
Also, how much does a particular woman running for President, as in Clinton, affect results here? 
Paradox in Pew: women held to higher standards" "public not ready" top barriers but majority sees little difference in leadership qualities 
New, juicy report from Pew on women and leadership 
Really is DylanByers: The Gelb piece is really something 
A must-read on Shuffle, the latest (and perhaps greatest) media innovation from MGA via NiemanLab 
Fascinating data about how non-employed men v women spend their days Where went the soap opera-watching housewife? 
Such an important piece for how we talk about "creating jobs" and "growing the economy" 
But the question we all want to know though...do they enjoy making dinner?  
Reading this Cuomo obit. Plain reminder that every day is Groundhog Day in US politics, no need to over-complicate it 
Reading: Democratic techies' divided loyalties (will Warren be the Dean or Obama in '16?) 
Harvard's conservative cabal takes Congress 
So true. 2014: The year of outrage 
Can we have a do over?  
Women flood ranks of GOP 
Research confirms the crowd: Netflix and others upending TV business 
Thought-provoking piece on how mob rule jeopardize our freedom by ThomasSowell 
Major civic tech news: "Silicon Valley Bets Millions That This Site Can Improve Our Democracy" 
Pelosi agenda affordable, quality childcare (as in govt-run daycare). Would she have put her kids in it had it existed?  
Pelosi at  "I won't be satisfied with gender parity [in Congress]... we have more than 200 years to make up for..." WOW 
"Opportunity to excel." That's key to what American people (including women) want.  
Panel at POLITICO's  with 2016 relevancy. "Conservative Feminists: Not an oxymoron" 
Excited to see this news app launch. Innovative stuff, as always, coming from AlexSkatell pmusser and team 
Newt, being Newt, worth a read 
I was there. This was a stellar speech 
Congrats to WardBaker amp; KevinMcLaughlin 
SeanTrende what about variable voting preferences within racial groups relative to turnout likelihood in a general vs midterm? 
"I'd rank roughly everything before 'seeing a really cool guy wearing a shirt'" Genius take on feminist bullies 
bethanyshondark thanks! Means a lot. 
KSoltisAnderson katieharbath rorycooper thx, huge team effort. Let me be clear though, I didn't wear a blue blazer. 
How EliseStefanik became the youngest woman elected to Congress 
After going hard on female voters, Dems may have turned off men (and women too) (good stuff from KSoltisAnderson) 
Ed Gillespie, Facebook and the near-upset of the year (So proud of ericwilson + props to engagedc amp; TeamIMGE) 
You know who never gets enough credit in election post-mortem? Voters 
Now this is more like it 
Liberal logic: I know you're a woman, but you're anti-woman (Let me guess, beloved teachers are anti-education too) 
This is a fun one too 
I like this story (note: the nod to pre-'06 GOTV and Sosnik quotes) 
The year if the (young) woman? 
The shirtless male model experiment didn't pan out. Women vote with their brains. You don't say?  
+ inspiration to many (no pressure) johnboehner: Congrats to EliseStefanik. Shell be a strong voice for the ppl of  
Congrats to joniernst RepShelley BarbaraComstock EliseStefanik   
Congrats to the always impressive TomCottonAR. Headed to the Senate, becoming youngest member at age 37. 
Wear it proudly.  
Major civic tech collab VotingInfo powers polling place amp; ballot info across web. Kudos to antheaws ginnyhunt pewtrusts amp; many others. 
I wonder if I'll ever shake the nervous, nail-biting, nauseous adrenaline on Election Day.  
Up and at 'em for Election Day. Get out and vote, folks!   
davidfeinberg new, fresh ideas babe. Catch on. 
EliseStefanik on fire on Twitter, like she is with the rest of her campaign. Look forward to calling her Congresswoman tomorrow. 
FollowSven so happy to hear it! 
What's the future of political media? Check this out 
Well-deserved NYT ink for IJReview, rapid-growth publisher from pals AlexSkatell pmusser proud to play small part 
Understand outrage, but no surprise. Standard left-of-feminist fare: be empowered to do what we think is best. 
Local, organic solutions isn't just the stuff of the Down with Big Govt crowd cc: alexcast newtgingrich 
bethanyshondark biology is still a thing? Preposterous. How can you promote such abject discrimination? 
It's all media amp; marketing. All of the time. (Digital is ubiquitous) 
Yep, spot-on preview for digital in 2016: 
Elise is such a boss! And kind, gracious and classy too cc: EliseStefanik 
cyrusk The Republican Internet? Someone finally invented that thing. Now I don't have to read the rest of it, thank goodness. 
The push for gender equality in tech is really about wealth equity Nobody calls for gender parity for custodians 
Here's Steve living many a politico's pipe dream 
So much right with The Onion 
This is excellent "The Other War on Women," The WOW strategy is insulting and ineffective. 
Yes. "The line between objectification and empowerment is a notoriously thin one, particularly for women." 
Not sure I could agree more with this Lena Dunham book review 
What a standard: competence 
BrianReich well, I think Nats would have won. It's obviously the Yom Kippur curse that did them in. 
Vomit.  
They showed a baby at this  game. It was probably born there.  
seanhackbarth planned to come but got sick amp; was warned to stay away from the elderly. Happy birthday, young man! I hope you had a blast! 
Theory: clothiers saw research that controversial shirts drive sales. Urban Outfitters blood, Zara striped Star of David, inexcusable. 
Peggynoonannyc, thanks for sharing your reflections on your good friend Joan 
The six living people born in the 19th century. They're female, mostly American but commonalities end there 
This could be a BFD, incredible precedent for a legitimate Washington-Silicon Valley bridge 
KSoltisAnderson ahh! So good. Love me some The_Cranberries. They've been too quiet lately. 
Read this if you dare to think for yourself. Especially if you're a woman. It's amazing. 
Thinker piece about "elite education" kids "great at what they're doing but with no idea of why they're doing it." 
Attn: Silicon Valley. Washington is more than a bug. 
jvreeland not making an issue; warning cons not to scoff/speak out against b'feeding in public, like the example from the Twitter convo 
The conservative case for breast... feeding  
My new favorite quote, perhaps FamousWomen: Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best. 
As a kid, I'd tell a grownup my name and they'd ask if I had a friend named Mork. I hated that but came to love  RIP, Mork. 
pgreenberger congrats! 
pgreenberger did you really move to Singapore? Wow. That's adventurous and aca-awesome. 
CMR is a gem of a leader. 
bethanyshondark ha! My husband may be Stern's biggest fan. Sore subject in our house, but I'm softening. 
I endorse this article, from my smartphone of course 
MZHemingway bosses shouldn't decide, government should 
This from DanielPink---gt; Yes, and yes, a million times over. 
jvreeland I do, but generally to a lesser extent. Less guilt, less cultural expectation, less emotional/hormonal pull. 
PepsiCo CEO airing the pain of work-family management. Good for her. 
Mlsif seconded. Interesting precedent set under Bloomberg where that office both promoted the city amp; boosted the tech sector. 
Mlsif I'd think there's an opportunity to define a mission and set objectives in that role. More than enough to do. 
The NYC tech-in-chief job is tres cool 
Welcome to the era of the bread-winning political wife 
lyndseyfifield BiasedGirl bethanyshondark mkhammer wait, I like wine-ing... 
Some predictably unpredictable results tonight, again.  
Yes. EliseStefanik! Great example of intelligence + integrity + hard work. Now on to November!  
KSoltisAnderson how have you never watched Coming to America? Must. 
LilyB_Liberty fantastic to meet you too. Inspired! 
RebeccaRPearson good to connect! I hope you enjoy the rest of the day! 
RSLands great to connect! I'm from Houston originally. Great to meet a Rice gal! 
Cheering on my compadres KSoltisAnderson amp; patrickruffini for the launch of EchelonInsights. Exciting times ahead!  
The other side of "doing social right," where it hurts 
May want to count D votes in primary before drawing too many conclusions... 
How often does the inevitable have to prove noninevitable before it's no longer inevitable? 
Kids, if you just raise the most money, run the most ads... Oh, wait. 
Ouch, really hurt when my chin hit the floor. 
Spot on antheaws. People still need to make dinner amp; Internet is not magic 
antheaws tuned into highlights. Many comments about your brilliance. +1 to building tools people can/will use, not what we want them to. 
Told some of y'all I may appear at  this year...  
adamconner jmansour marcidale  
Campaigns matter. 
Apps that simplify your life are my candy ... Except for  Shark = jumped. 
I can't even... DC, congrats on being the fittest city. Now pony up! 
Hey, kids, you may want to be an Uber driver when you grow up 
"I wanna do it all," my theme song today and every day  
AaronEstabrook rklau a system for setting objectives and holding yourself and your teams accountable. OKR = objectives amp; key results. 
rklau hasn't propagated enough. We need a National Association for the Usage of OKRs. Only 1/2 kidding that it would solve many problems. 
I wish more political folks used OKRs to track progress. So helpful to identify what's moving and what's not.  
If I take up residence in TX, the reason why 
Word JordanRaynor: Credit on that last tweet goes to MindyFinn, PatrickRuffini and team during engagedc mind-meld a few years back. 
Amazing MT mashable: "Evidence exists that Republican staffers surf the internet." - Clinton's White House, 1995 
If presidential prospects were tied to how grandparent-y you are, we'd obviously have a different POTUS right now. 
mkhammer the most powerful woman in history? Like all of history? I love the USA, but, no. 
mattklewis yup, on women amp; family issues, elites often guilty of do as I say, not as I do. 
bethanyshondark forcing me to slow down. Baby movement. Even the growing as baby grew. Found it all empowering (but also never got sick). 
bethanyshondark you may hate me for it, but I liked it too... 
My Mom was a  alum. Essentially, my momma --gt; cooler than yours.  
Worth a read: What everyone's missing in the equal pay debate 
Had to get a form notarized today. That is *paper* validated by a *person*. Like for real, not historical reenactment. 
tracyrusso exactly! Accomplishing 20 things before 9am is not necessarily the secret. 
I get stuck on the headlines of those "5 things successful people do every day" articles in business mags. What is success? Money? Fame? 
Wow. Happy birthday to pgreenberger too! + MattLira TheRealNimoy NancyPelosi lexineaman 
Happy Birthday MattLira TheRealNimoy NancyPelosi! 
rapprich rorycooper ImSteveJ katieharbath ryancassin RobSaliterman thanks guys 
msarahl yay, a new follow. Now please don't unfollow me. 
This---gt; 
Is it even a question whether campaigns should adapt media buying habits? Answer: yes, for several cycles now. 
Counter-wisdom on protecting teens online from zephoria 
FollowSven pgreenberger will neither confirm nor deny such a meeting occurred. 
I have never been a fan of gloating. Law of gravity and all. 
MikeMadden I deal with the same exact thing with Finn. 
Micro-trend I've noticed in DC: yoga/dance/barre instructors who fled their jobs as lawyers. Always curious about this severe turn off path. 
Love this. FamousWomen: Leadership is not about titles, positions or flow charts; it is about one life influencing another. 
katieharbath thanks! Great company, and right back at ya! 
aseitzwald nationaljournal well, I found a seat, but, yes, mostly full. 
New Pew study of Millennials (18-33): 50 politically independent, 29 religiously unaffiliated 
Getting harder to tell the difference between the Onion and regular content on the Internet. Who feels me?  
Nine lives not limited to cats. How will you use yours? 
SpencerWhelan will have to make a visit soon! 
Learning math through playful exploration. Seems more useful to how we use it in real life. I could get behind this. 
My husband, a DC native, this morning: "I would move to Austin." This snow has a silver lining after all.   
For you, Chris_Anderson RT katiepark: DREAM COME TRUE. TEARS OF JOY. Jurassic Park computer system in the browser: 
antheaws  
TheEllenShow proving the Please RT tactic a success. 
jigolden would be an interesting test 
Entertainment trumps politics.  
Your friends call it a night before end of Super Bowl, Olympics primetime amp; the  Sign of getting old, or a boring 2014 so far? 
Huge night for Twitter at the  
It's now so cool to be pregnant and glamorous.  
bethanyshondark At Disney World in my high school years, I randomly came across them filming an episode of Boy Meets World. Momentous. 
Check it. Voters increasingly off-the-grid. Facts are facts. 
25 maps amp; charts that help explain America today (fascinated by    
When I wavered b/w my original math/statistics amp; switching to journo major in '99, I wish I'd been advised to try "data journalism." 
Tayebot jduch a pleasure to meet you. Look forward to staying in touch! 
Surprised not sooner MT New HPSInsight report on higher ed finds 4-yr degree no longer worth the cost in 2086 
stephfont thanks! So sweet! 
RNC launches the aspirational Para Bellum Labs 
ImSteveJ it started when Pepsi decided to allocate their Super Bowl budget from TV to digital. 
Seeing cheeky tweets from HillaryClinton amp; BobbyJindal in my timeline. Unthinkable even two years ago. 
Smart decision to not watch any ads pre game. Gives me a reason to keep watching.  
Pro BrunoMars. Halftime traditionalist right here.  
File this under "You can't have it all at the same time" 
Mitt on Jimmy Fallon. Cracking up at my former boss. Tonight's agenda: watch "Mitt" on Netflix. 
Wknd inspiration: friend amp; fitness buff ErickaAndersen hosting Core Power Challenge! $75 lululemon or Fabletics! 
pgreenberger jigolden FollowSven bcoyne AdamS ColinCrowell Evins congrats on the move! The new  office looks slick! 
ICYMI: Can Facebook predict who wins the Senate in '14? If so, +1 for the GOP  
Campaigners pay attention. This -- political data open, integrated -- isn't the future, it's right now: 
jvreeland The list is not flawed. The bench is flawed. Someone has to want it and see a path to victory. 
Saddens me that there are no women on this list 
Look forward to seeing Her. Regret seeing Nebraska.  
Tina and Amy look gorgeous, but they are dressed as if going to a Christmas ball.  
Fat chance Tina Fey amp; Amy Poehler meet ridiculously high expectations for tonight. I hope I eat crow.   
Despite placement in Style, an impt piece about women in the business of tech (shout out to antheaws) 
Why Netflix recommends Oscar-winning Romantic Forbidden Love movies + more, in this piece for data geeks 
swagsie thanks. I have two boys -- 20 months amp; 3 weeks old -- so "keep the children alive" will suffice. Happy New Year! 
With the power of sleep undeniable, what are parents of babies amp; young children to do? 
Stephen Moyer redeems himself.   
Time to play "who is worst dressed."   
Moving, and critical to remember at a time when it seems that change is led by the young  
Encore, encore, Mother Superior.  
SalenaZitoTrib me too, of course. But I also proudly declare my love for country music, whether living in Boston, DC, or the like. 
Wish I could see ratings broken out by "watched but would never admit it"  
kevinbinversie love me some theater but mourning some of my favorite bits from the movie.  
kevinbinversie clueing into that now. Hard to accept. America is used to watching movie on TV... now watching remake on TV.  
Hold the phone. Did they skip the stuff where they torment her ie dinner scene? Making it way too easy.  
jigolden the songs are enough to keep me watching. 
Not to be negative nelly, but the kids have proven better actors than Underwood, and they've only spoken a few lines.  
So far, loving the songs. The acting, not so much. But still the existence of this program brings me the highest level of joy.  
Yes! MsAmberPRiley wins  Love the show amp; her. And helps to have derekhough as partner, the most talented dancer/choreographer. 
The kind of thing I read these days, in addition to former media diet. I'd call this a smack down. 
This Deeds family incident as tragic as Greek myth. We need to dig in to why so many Millennial males go off the rails. 
Congrats also timodc robsaliterman colincrowell bretjacobson + more 
Great group of folks. 'Grats friends ksoltisanderson matthewgagnon lizmair katieharbath kevinmaddendc 
Fact: Four digital-era yrs later, Cuccinelli camp spent lt; 1/2 of McDonnell campaign's 7 online. Read amp; weep 
Watching Grease, one of my top five faves. Just choked after realizing it's 35 years old. 
jigolden ditto! 
Fun! jigolden: Thanks to FamousDC for featuring me in todays "Feasting Famously" column: 
Feeling groovy about  Proud to have worked there! 
Another good story on McAuliffe voter modeling: 
Meet the wonks who helped McAuliffe win VA: 
 
A glimmer, no make that a moonlight, of hope. 
Who out there uses Oyster to consume books? Thoughts? 
'Alpha House' will be streaming near you... 
Good final quote in this. "It is ... about the future. You just can't look backwards." 
Can you imagine the political battles if we did draft a new Constitution? 
SGcatalyst not there in person. Following on Twitter :-) 
To sum up  campaigns sold on digital, but budgets way too low. Groundhog Day, again?! 
Worth a read WIRED: Ex-Facebook engineer shares his big data know-how: 
Watching old  episodes. I had forgotten about the hilariousness of Season 1 amp; 2. 
FollowSven Texans have that attitude. It's about time the rest of you caught up ;-) 
How online time cuts into social amp; educational time. (Interesting results, even if flawed) 
The Moneyball approach to government. Duh. 
Fair point MattLira: Why does the House even have stenographers in the chamber? That could all be offsite. 
But, so often women are the adults.  
cyrusk cool. Congrats. Looks fun ... And funny! 
toryburch credits social media for its explosive growth b/c they didn't have ad budget.  
JohnFeehery totally. They do a lot of speaking now to encourage other women to go for it. 
Chatted w/ owners of GTownCupcake. Amazing story of women who left big corporate jobs to pursue a dream amp; grew huge biz in 6 years. 
Leading a discussion on entrepreneurship at  today. Event by politico google toryburch, Mayflower Hotel at Noon. C u there! 
bethanyshondark interesting. The Mountain West and Midwest states fall below the average, the South above. Wonder why. 
jigolden sorry to see that it's the same chopt, different day. 
Generation X's journey from jaded from sated (missed this gen by a few years but totally relate) 
lansing MindyProjectFOX on a quest to be renewed for a 3rd season! 
Judging by the crowds at Capitol Hill restaurants, local businesses may end up pro  
I interrupt  talk to recommend "A House in the Sky," new memoir by Canadian journo kidnapped/tortured in Somalia. Whoa.  
iamashbrown you were totally with me! 
We're a split household.   
Citing a tweet? There's a nifty automatic citation generator for that: 
Thankful not to live in Venezuela, for this and many other reasons. Ick! 
Basically, you can't feel totally safe anywhere  So sad for all affected by this tragedy. 
Twitter files S-1 to go public 
Well this marks a new stage in life: the receipt of promo email touting new looks from "Kids" Fashion Week (w/ runway video). 
This seems drastic -- especially the mullet -- but I do endorse ideas that get kids outside more. 
bethanyshondark horrific! Do you know good orgs working on this issue? 
About that NY Mayoral GOP primary... 
From bad to worse.  
jmartNYT this is DC, packed with hopeful saps who overlook reality to keep rooting for their Party and their team. 
Fascinating article about Harvard Business experiment amp; reflection on feminism today: 
Reading "Did Twitter Kill the Boys on the Bus?" by PeterHambyCNN 
adamhirsch I may be there! I'll let you know. 
! lowbrowkate: Acxiom thinks I'm a mil vet, Epsilon thinks I have kids amp; BlueKai thinks I'm a dude...yeah, ad targeting data works great. 
So, if polls are biased, perhaps this poll citing bias is too... 
At Google, it's not as simple as eating Mamp;Ms 
The skinny on Yahoo's new logo:  
hughweber Medium perhaps. 
jigolden EStreetCinema nice! I can't wait to see it. We need more films like that. 
How can millennials change Washington if they hate it? 
About Obama's record of appointing women 
For me re: the  innocence is bliss. Why ruin a perfectly great weekend? 
Are you all really watching the  
The bio of Marissa Mayer worth the long read, even on Sat night when I read it   
Happy Sunday! I love quiet mornings at Lincoln Park cc: thehillishome 
What is Medium? 
In other words, be smart. I know many parents-to-be taking this approach. Great piece. 
I've been reading many  I quite enjoy it. 
Beautiful MT mmckinnon: Gerson poetically articulates what others only wish we could express. For parents...a must: 
Food for thought: how social media changes the way we approach death 
LizMair I hear you. I want to make the world better, but as much as I wanted to major in philosophy, knew better. 
I'm way past choosing a college, but this relates to how we approach work too. 
Christian Slater amp; Ed Norton are 44. Doesn't seem right. 
Good read about Steve Jobs amp; Jobs, the movie. 
LTB you go girl! 
Did you know the Dutch (and many Europeans) are paid extra to take vacation?! 
bethanyshondark you are so ready for motherhood with your idea of a party! 
Yes! I love this. cc: johnbrabender 
Must-read NYT mag cover on motherhood and career, with the gritty details Lean In glossed over. 
Reason  I love coming to TX: drive-thru Starbucks. I love the European style of sit, relax, have some tea, but I love convenience too. 
Set your DVRs for the CNBC doc  tonight. 
Interesting...do cheerleaders amp; dancers become professional leaders? I bet more do than you think. 
I love Amazon.  
seanhackbarth I would like for food establishments to make nutrition info available but not in your face. But I don't support mandates. 
 EliseStefanik: I'm excited to announce that I'm running for Congress! Watch  Pls RT! 
Reading: Republicans confront lady problems in Congress 
Yes, at least we're all having the conversation: 
nataliefoster for sure! 
nataliefoster congrats on launch new venture. Intrigued. Reminds me of convo we had about issues that transcend traditional party lines. 
Sign I've been off the Hill a long time: most of these people are unfamiliar 
Inspired by "Pursue Passions with a Vengeance," a talk by Melinda Gates Warning: it requires attention span 
Quotes from womenofhistory amp; famouswomen too good not to share.  
I believe in this advice for entrepreneurs from richardbranson Work on the problems that frustrate you. 
Congrats chuckdefeo. Happy days are here again! 
One of my top ten faves WomenOfHistory: Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? 
Don't know if I'll read This Town. But feel grateful to interact w/ so many bright, curious, witty people in my version of this town. 
Care how the sausage gets fixed at Twitter? Check it out this feature on Twitter's head of Trust amp; Safety delbius 
The work these students are doing is inspiring:  
Baby boys are the best, said with absolute bias. I wish the Royal couple good health and much joy at this precious time.  
nancybocskor ha! I wish that was why. My guess is b/c they are mostly political amp; tech people, both male-dominated interest areas. 
So 75 of my Twitter followers are male, 25 female. What does that say? 
Congress amp; babies. Love this. And big fan of cathymcmorris 
Thx for warm welcome home engagedc: mindyfinn makes her return to Engage HQ. Talking Twitter... 
KevinMaddenDC  is insanely genius. 
"For entrepreneurs... the key... is to have confidence and get used to being an outlier." Yes! 
Growing up in Houston trains you for DC heat waves. And builds your tolerance for large insects. 
8 ways to to improve your morning routine I can do all of these EXCEPT no email before Noon. 
This Google "Campus for Moms" incubator is awesome. Would love to see something similar in US. 
jigolden good luck and have fun! 
Received this as a gift and re-gifting to you. 
First DC job was for Sen. Enzi. Usual response is "Who?" Maybe no more. 
Probably split reactions to pieces like this. Warm amp; fuzzies about world you love or disgust about world you eschew 
Saw "Pippin" in NYC today. It was phenomenal. Perhaps the best show I've seen. 
Woohoo ksoltisanderson. Good list. 
Major 'tude  
jigolden See! And we didn't have to eat rabbit food to feel "cleansed."  cc: mailstromapp 
What I love about Uber_DC  my driver is playing Vivaldi. No comparison to the sounds of a DC cab 
Test-driving mailstromapp in a quest to inbox zero. Loving it so far. Apparently long overdue since my inbox gt;98 of current users. 
Willing to pay extras, but not "etxras." 
The cost of having a baby, and health care in general, is totally outrageous 
Best business advice: work on the problems that make you mad. 
danielwein nice to meet you at Weber today! Congrats on your famous Vine. cc: twitter PTInsights 
FollowSven jigolden bcoyne twitterchicago AdamS Evins pgreenberger ColinCrowell WRDCarty I'm game... But let's not wait too long! 
Trending:   Prop8,  Fifth Amendment,   Justice Scalia, Happy Hump Day 
The balance to strike: maintain the roar of the crowd and surface special moments on Twitter  
In the house for "A Conversation with Dick Costolo," Twitter CEO at BrookingsInst this morn + following  cc: dickc 
HilaryBrandt thanks for having me! 
Enjoyed this piece: "How to get more women (and men) to call themselves feminists" (it may surprise you) 
Just published: The official Barack Obama 2012 Case Study  
Reading: The Technical Interview is Dead 
cyrusk IARoundtable DrDigiPol tracyrusso jonnygoldstein blast from the past! 
pgreenberger Yes! I think I drove by that locale every day for a week. cc: GoogleEarthPics 
The Lake Como view to end the trip isn't bad either. Tomorrow, back to reality in the US of A. 
Not a bad view to wake up to. Barberino Val D'Elsa in Tuscany. My home for the week. 
PDF has come along way since my first in '05. Following  stream until I leave for Italy this afternoon. Lay down some wisdom, friends. 
Me too aburnspolitico: I think I've read this column three times already h/t jpodhoretz 
The greater Capitol Hill community rallied after the Eastern Market fire, and I know we'll do it again.  
MattLira it's massive and sadly still spreading. Sad. 
bethanyshondark I know! Dave hangs out there... Or at least that's what I assume since he goes so often. 
Massive fire in my Capitol Hill 'hood. Fragers, beloved local hardware store. If anyone has word on how neighbors can help, please share! 
I think I may schedule this tweet to go out every day 
KSoltisAnderson that is the awesome! 
Agree whole-heartedly, particularly final quote HarvardBiz: Work-Life "Balance" Isn't the Point 
bethanyshondark congrats! 
LizMair it's fascinating with caveat that data is from California. 
Exemplary. Props, peeps. GOPLeader wconnorwalsh amp; of course MattLira 
How many additional viewers to the Red Wedding did social media drive? 
It was fun stephlgreen: Power lunch TheJeffersonDC w/ kelleymc mindyfinn hilaryr haddadmedia betsymtp amp; more I aspire to be like! 
Vine hits 13 million users 
bethanyshondark Agree with all of your points. Most don't have a choice, or at least an easy choice. 
The breadwinners discussion is a healthy one. Let's get all opinions, stereotypes, facts, counter-facts out there. The more, the better. 
Spelling Bee turns Twitter into our national sports bar (upside: no hangover!) 
Perfect day ColinCrowell:  team offsite wine tasting. At least folks will know what our hobby is.... 
Just released: Meeker's internet trends report always worth a study 
Chris_Anderson oh no! To Apple store, stat! Mine fell in toilet on wedding day amp; had to get one before honeymoon next day. Have fun guys! 
cmmitchell4 absolutely. Shoot me an email and we'll find a time: indytwitter.com 
Twitter x TV: amplify your TV ads, make them actionable on Twitter  
Cool beans NickMarcelli: NRCC already using new Twitter lead gen cards: 
Fast Company: How Twitter is reshaping the future of storytelling 
derekfromson nice to meet you Derek! 
RaviNepal thanks for coming! 
DonaldinDC thanks, appreciate the love! 
khart thanks for watching. I hope you're doing super! 
DUhockeyFan thanks for coming and for your tweets. 
KYTrey SupportTheVoter congrats! Such important work. 
derekfromson be there in a few mins 
MaxiMnztr opinions and media narrative cemented in real time 
Look forward to speaking at Politico's emerging tech leader event at Noon. Tune in if you have a moment  
That Jon Lovett, he's on to something: 
Twitter, NBA bring you live-streamed instant replays 
Absolutely love this. (So much for the traditional resume!) 
FollowSven The gift that keeps on giving! 
afshop have it. Will reply today. Sorry for delay. 
cmmitchell4 welcome to the world! 
Reading: John Doerr's Plan to Recapture the Venture Capital Throne: 
Thanks to edelmanpr, I had a perfect view of this yesterday in NYC (If only one day later...) cc: cassel 
Thanks. Fine group of folks. polichat ashleighgrant MattLira JonathanGormley allenfuller katieharbath thomasjkeeley NickMarcelli 
Friendly reminder from Twitter, call mom maybe (paging my husband...) 
Chris_Anderson congrats! 
John_Bailey too kind, John. Too kind. 
JordanRaynor It's really that simple. 
Proud to be part of the buck the status quo generation (just barely) 
Social allows us to defy time amp; space (summary mine) 
samskelts w/ promoted, you have access to analytics where you can see tweet impressions; engagement = click, RT, reply, favorite. 
Tech entrepreneurs, the product of... Journalism school? This J-school grad likes to see this! 
Having one of those attendee at your own funeral experiences. I have the pleasure of knowing awesome people. And I love the Internet. 
antheaws :-) 
You think we would learn not to believe everything we read. 
This idea, a digital detox camp for adulthoods, has real legs. Sign me up! 
Well, this should be fun: Selfies! 
When you question the beauty of America, I present to you five presidents, most who have often opposed each other, on one stage.  
jigolden Twitter reaches every person on the planet! 
A little late to tweeting this, but ...  
Thx for inviting me PRNews: Twitter's own mindyfinn covering Vine now for this awesome crowd at  
AlstonPruPR thanks for your tweets, but that's not me talking! 
rpesce toshibamedical audubonsociety look forward to meeting you! 
jakebrewer I couldn't bring myself to go there. 
melsell27 Someone who doesn't know you as well might think that's sarcastic. 
When booking the 5am train to NYC, hadn't contemplated that neither Starbucks nor a poor imitation would be open for biz.  
Love this GOPLeader: Wrote my first line of  this morning. Thanks to hadip for the lesson! 
JWBritten Fantasy = realized! 
Just Launched: Target the "now" with Twitter's Keyword Targeting in Timelines:  
Senseless violence. Make it stop.  
Six years on Twitter today. Would never have predicted when I joined in 2007 that I'd go work there in 2011.  
W00t! wash_twopcharts: Today 6 years on Twitter: mindyfinn, cammiecroft, CarlWeaver and KZambon: 
Vine is  
And my fave AlecJRoss: "If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman." - Margaret Thatcher 
The rise of... paper. 
Say goodbye to the office cubicle (talk, collaborate, solve problems) 
Major regrets about not attending today's home opener.  
digiphile just don't judge the experience by the first few mos! Mi nio is amazing. 11 mos today amp; better by the minute. Thx 4 asking. 
digiphile you'll love parenthood. It will be hard to imagine life beforehand. 
jakebrewer was thinking of "Filter Bubble" in writing tweet. Agree it's both, but which moves people most? 
Rapid shift in public opinion on marriage issue challenges theory that new media breeds confirmation bias.  
pgreenberger happy birthday! I hope it's a fabulous day. 
KYTrey thanks for the follow. Let's catch up soon! 
'Chief Digital' role temporary in marketing (politics too) 
samyoungman we're old 
No snow = snow day. Actual snow = regular schedule. After 10 years in DC, this starts to make sense.  
Snow: the 11th Passover plague. 
jigolden running to a bday party, but just called home to ask Dave to set the DVR. Look forward to catching your debut later! 
 BradEngle: The real-time  highlights twitter ads are amazing  
Seven years, seven lives changed by Twitter  
lansing John Corbett? He has a country band too. 
Utterly fascinating article on state of feminism. Gritty amp; real 
Dream assignment: fly on wall for POTUS Israel visit. 
digiphile campaigns are not zero sum games for best practices 
craigewer hardy, har, har 
Just launched: In the era of autopsies, the official Romney for President Twitter case study: (happy reading!) 
15 things successful leaders do every day 
Banner ad blindness? Companies turning to Twitter + TV to heighten recall 
Timodc meta-vining! Incredible. 
MattLira is great people. Congrats! 
Opportunity for you Reince: Tweet me your questions about our big annnouncement today using  Ill be responding here at 1pm. 
Great news about the engagement AlexConant amp; caitlindunn6. Congrats you two! Enjoy this time! 
What defines success 
I'm following  from home after putting the baby to bed and ordering dinner. Keep the tweets coming jigolden bcoyne 
Fascinating study in light of Sheryl Sandberg's book amp; ensuing conversation 
Amazing  
SergioRJr maybe the new Pope can work on it! 
janetvkelly ha! Love it 
Pope it up. cc: Pontifex 
Awesome katieharbath: Telling Employees He Hasnt Walked the Talk, Ciscos John Chambers on Women in Workplace 
qorvis thanks for having me over! Always great questions from your group.  
What's the use of tech w/o someone who knows how to use it to move people? 
Get perspective here -- and anytime you leave DC -- on the impt jobs that don't need a splashy project launch 
Cute LeslieSanchez: Senator Takes Part In Heartwarming Twitter Proposal via BuzzFeedAndrew 
Scientist identify drugs' side effects by analyzing search data 
jigolden FollowSven Jeopardy clue: Y'all come back now Answer: What is the phrase a Texan says as you depart a store or restaurant?  
Why political hashtags are worth your time great piece ErickaAndersen 
Celebrities' favorite apps via WSJ (of all places) 
A quintessential Washington day: an overhyped climate event amp; a filibuster. I love this town.  
I wonder how many viewers Twitter drove to C-SPAN2 tonight.  
DanaPerino are you at the rodeo? I'm seeing Tim McGraw there Friday night.  
There are perils, pitfalls ... and, most importantly, life saving outcomes from big data 
You think you're nerding out? Check out Mesos  
Big data, small data, the ideal is a complete puzzle. 
The pitfalls and perils of Big Data via digiphile 
I wonder if anyone listed here looks at this amp; feels disappointed they're not ranked higher? 
BlameTelford right back at you! 
SalenaZitoTrib same here 
thorpus didn't realize you we're moving. That's exciting! Wishing you all great things on your fabulous new adventure ride! 
SalenaZitoTrib thanks. We all judge success in our way. That's how I judge mine. 
A question I like to ask myself every day: What kind of impact are you having on the world? It's grounding. 
pgreenberger jigolden TwitterNYC twitterDC FollowSven Internet here full throttle all day.  looking pretty good right now. 
shanelarrabee Sure. DM me for details. I just followed you. 
In the debate over who can have it all, I think we each have our own definition of what "it" is, and that's ok.  
Speaking of tweeting politicians ...  
Your chance to see Cory Booker, the Twitter Politician, at sxsw  
PaulPlofchan thanks and a true pleasure to meet you this week. 
Right on alizasherman: The Sheryl Sandberg I Know via CNET 
Don't get bored h/t lheron 
When Did Twitter Grow Up? "Marketing has evolved to a series of "now moments,'..."  
Of course, social media, like life, presents danger + opportunity It's what you make of it. 
One note of Christoph Waltz's voice drives my heart rate up. That's how good he is.  
Awesome newtgingrich: Had fun trying  for the first time today 
Tony_Fontana Helping orgs like yours move people through Twitter is why  Have a fabulous weekend! 
So which comes first, the money or the start-ups? In case of DC, probably the wealth.  
Thanks LeslieBradshaw Great company to be in: cc: PatrickRuffini MattLira antheaws katieharbath lansing 
The twisted web of Oscar contention:  
AlexConant I'm a fan of your Vines. 
Disappointed to miss dctechmeetup due to commitments at home. At least I can follow the tweets!  
michaelbeach: Samsung starting to catch up to Apple on mobile web as iPhone traffic share drops cc: pgreenberger 
kchucheong congrats! So precious. I hope you get some rest. H/t LTB 
When asked how an institution can improve, standard of excellence and more outputs generally apply.  
MichaelTurk did not take offense 
MichaelTurk thanks for the nod $$ 
It's taken awhile but starting to seep in that rejection of technology is a metaphor for so much more. 
Reading this to start the morning. Shout-outs to my friends including fantasy football rival klsoltis 
The new advocacy. "Twitter: a live megaphone for lobbying groups, companies" 
JordanRaynor Seen Houston Rodeo concerts almost every year. Performers stand on rotating stage. Same stadium as Texans. No bad seats. 
There has been much focus on data. Don't forget storytelling.  
Political orgs zero in on  chatter   
Checked out what people were saying about  and boom! imovement with a message about immigration 
"State of the Union" trending nationally already. 
Check this out if you haven't already  
I endorse this message: "Relax! You'll be more productive" via tonyschwartz though he should try it as a Mom 
bcoyne FollowSven jigolden thank you! I didn't get a ticket to the  as hoped but following the tweets is just as good. 
Adele has earned the right to wear drapery to the  
bethanyshondark thanks! 
ali thanks! Means a lot. 
JordanRaynor you are too kind. Thank you, and great to see you Friday. 
KLSoltis I endorse that hashtag. 
Newspapers using Vine: Taking the old, making it new. 
nclarkjudd homiegcheesefry also wonder if previous generations were less anxious b/c had less options. Path to "success" more defined. 
nclarkjudd homiegcheesefry undoubtedly pressure on Millennials for reasons cited. Just wonder if Xers were as stressed at same age. 
No surprise Millennials are most stressed generation Function of age, or living in more stressful times? 
Spot on read on future of PR and marketing Example: promoted tweets in response to Super Bowl power outage. 
Beat the snow. Amtrak NYC--gt;DC after memorable night catching up w/ iamashbrown amp; meeting dusteejenkins gerardbush amp; more adage event. 
Twitter being used to cast a movie (and other ways to make tweet data actionable): via mashable 
Keeping my eye on 1776DC. Congrats on the launch, folks! Couldn't make the kickoff but hope to join you for the ride.  
Fascinating look at major 2012 Senate races digital spend (Trivia: which party outspend the other 2:1?) 
Love this, pun intended USTravel: New study shows travel can spark romance amp; lead to lasting love.  
So sorry circumstances kept me from  Had looked forward to catching up w/ old friends amp; meeting new ones in public affairs space. 
PaulPlofchan sorry to have missed you and the confab in Key West! 
ZachHenault absolutely. Get in touch next time you are coming to town. 
DC tops list..."The Best-Paying Cities For Women 2013" - Forbes 
The biggest of happy birthdays to my favorite tall guy from outside the lower 48 alaskan! 
digiphile most certainly. 
KevinMaddenDC probably a poor sample. 
10 happiest cities for PR amp; marketing pros Where's DC? 
What is native advertising and why is it important? Wisdom from craftdc 
jigolden: Digging these vanilla macaroons by heygouter. Vegan amp; tasty at the same time. Who would have thought? 
andreas212nyc great to connect with you. I love watching how Twitter's growth in Italy. 
phintch you're welcome. Thanks for inviting me. 
And to follow-up ... Twitter fastest growing social platform in the world: 
Pretty neat visualization of global tweets  
mattcorey Thanks. Happy to connect! 
Seeing a lot of vines in my timeline  
Max, in a starring role fit for his attention span 
KLSoltis Just don't let them perm you! 
VincentHarris which comment? 
 comes to a close. No more live-tweeting. Sorry to those who didn't find it relevant. Cheers. 
mattlira in the house, schooling panel w/ reminder that tech follow-through on fed level has been phenomenal. He brings the pain.  
I endorse the coffee shop office: h/t ericwilson 
Correction tweet: Romney camp had closer to 25+ data/analytics staff across departments.  
In terms of content, think relevant amp; recent.  
Dream tools: great way to measure persuasion, social A/B testing, ad data analysis.  
More good advice re: digital ads: have a pot of $ available to deploy when the crisis/opportunity strikes.  
Amazing answer about what didn't work w/ ads: "almost everything we did, failed... then we made it better." Point: test, test, test.  
Good ads advice: use engagement metrics to inform content.  
lansing well, I was tweeting... And wearing a leather jacket. 
Q: anything out of campaigns that could be productized for broader application? A: challenge that political tech is purpose built.  
Q: Most important future tool. A: Look at mobile video.  (something like Vine?) 
Amazing how much structure amp; culture make or break outcome. I think politics amp; govt needs to spend more time studying org psych amp; HR.  
Key theme: adapt your mode of outreach to the circumstance -- by locality, community i.e. SMS to some, Twitter for others.  
"The campaign that figures out having conversations (at scale) will be successful."  (Good pt amp; Twitter is an ongoing conversation...) 
Campaigns are like a startup but diff in many ways: 1) ppl work harder (for less $), 2) govt gives a lot of useful info.  
SlaughterAM Have to moderate next panel but will find you over lunch. Excited that you are here. 
Analyze the data, then do a check to make sure it has face validity - Romney camp.  
Data warning: Always lead with the human factor, the relationship. Everything else tactical falls below that.  
slaughteram in the house at  Her Atlantic column hit at start of my new Moms group last summer. My two worlds collide! 
Pondering: in the future of polling, will we even call it polling?  
Think data and culture are incongruent? Thing again. Need a data-driven culture that permeates all aspects of campaign.  
Discussion now of diminishing ability of TV ads to move numbers. (Did anyone not see this coming?)  
Key data point so far: Romney campaign data team = 4, Obama campaign data team = 150+.  
Who will be the first political figure/campaign to use Vine? 
jigolden followsven pgreenberger and just like that... they were gone. 
ErickaAndersen congrats, that's huge! Keep the momentum going. 
Have you heard of Vine? You will. 
Popchips: The Next $1 Billion Snack Food Or Just Full Of Hot Air? cc: jigolden 
Seeing a "Who to follow" for Love Connection's chuckwoolery. Yes. 
pgreenberger zacmoffatt michaelbeach andrewbleeker I should be on your train. The 9am still hasn't boarded! 
Politics heats up in my home state: 
Some people create. Others manage. Still others fix. Does anyone do all of them well? 
mmckinnon PatrickRuffini adage too kind, gents, too kind. 
Always be measuring. If tactics don't meet objectives, consider a change. You may not make one, but consider it. 
KevinMaddenDC I think I've heard you say that multiple times. 
chrisobrooks thanks Chris. You're doing fantastic stuff over at Hilton, btw. Hope you're having fun! 
jimprosser will check it out. Thanks, Jim. 
jaysta I'll look for it. Thank you. 
originalgriz I'll check it out. Thanks. 
pslutsky Thanks. You have at least 50 years, right? 
mapleleafsfan67 Read that one. Depressing. 
WillStick I do. Thx. I'll check it out 'though the title doesn't sound too appealing on DC's coldest night in 2 years! 
It's that time again. Looking for recs for a new novel to read? Please help. 
petesnyder appreciate it! 
MattLira thank you, sir. 
SoSaic thanks! 
JordanRaynor thanks. Hope to see you in DC soon. 
CRAFTdc adage thanks y'all! 
Thanks tweeps! ToddThurman melissatweets katieharbath browntyler 
DavisMichaelR cool! Thanks for flagging. 
Missed the  event last week? Here's a quick summary: 
Thanks adage. So honored. Must credit working with an incredible team at the best company around. 
How Google brought data-driven rigor to HR amp; made women employees happy 
Aerocles thanks, much appreciated adage 
Davos this, and Davos that. 
ErickaAndersen She's your friend too, right? In that case, your nephew is a cutie. 
ErickaAndersen I read your friend's post. Thanks for sharing Ericka. It's a constant tension for Moms 
TheMomComplex thank you! I'm a Mom to an 8-month old. Excited to hear about what you do. 
Good day for the .gif.  
bccohan yo, yo, yo, happy birthday! 
21 days into 2013 amp; feels like tomorrow is the real start of the year. Probably a DC thing. We mark time with political events. 
Hilarity TheFix: The 12 photos of Inauguration 2012.  is my favorite. Maybe ever. 
iamashbrown yes, I'm in our DC office. 
 
What Google learns from short clicks, long clicks amp; more in this recommended read 
Our baby woke up. We let him join us to watch the last few mins of the game. He glanced at TV for a sec, clapped wildly.  
FollowSven adage thanks Sven. There's no "i" in team. Which is why you need to help us eat more. (j/k) Mega-team effort always by pso! 
Thanks robinw adage ditto congrats to iamashbrown. Happy Sunday! 
lansing allenfuller adage thanks, friend. Happy Sunday. 
lansing allenfuller adage 
johnheywood adage Thanks JHey. Credits to team  
KatieS adage thanks Katie! Much appreciated. 
allenfuller adage thanks Allen. Great catching up for a few this week! 
FinnAtFox adage thank you, sir. Finn power! 
Wish men still wore top hats RT BeschlossDC: Earliest known photo of Presidential inauguration--James Buchanan, 1857: 
Pondering... In 100+ years, who will be seen as today's heroes? 
New survey: Users trust social media as much as traditional news sources 
gflorence77 FollowSven pgreenberger Thanks for coming! 
Congrats LeslieBradshaw my dear. As a new Mom on the go, already love this concept. Can't wait to see where it goes. 
serenetyhanley ditto! 
MatthewNilsen thanks for coming. Good to see your smiling face! 
Sorry for the tweet surge. Thought you might like highlights from today's  event. Done now. 
Thanks to all who attended the  event today and to our fabulous panel ErickaAndersen andrewfimka tinacanthony and AmyMclean! 
ErickaAndersen Rotunda, 8th Floor. Look for Rotunda elevators. 
Fascinating story about how a 24 year-old former cheerleader hired for social media became a House Chief of Staff 
jigolden loved it there! Nutella bread pudding was divine. Hope you enjoyed! 
Thanks NishaChittal for including me here:  to you 
Super work, kudos to friends MattLira donseymour 
One of the many whose political obsession was fueled by Richard Ben Cramer's "What It Takes." I think I'm thankful. 
I watch  so I feel less guilty watching  amp;  
Word of 2012 was  according to ADS (Not fiscal cliff?) 
Seeing a Bullfeathers Promoted Account amp; PBS Promoted Tweet re: Downton Abbey. That's some spot on targeting! 
magicandrew sweet! If I go now, I'll have to add freezing to the resolutions list. 
Focus amp; fun -- my two not obviously congruent resolutions for 2013! 
GWBLibrary now on Twitter 
Call it the "Social Class" -- all but 3 of the 79 new lawmakers who entered Congress today are on Twitter 
secupp thanks for the follow! 
johnheywood thank you, and Happy New Year! 
I rec'd an email on how to write an effective press release amp; naturally wanted to jam out to Green Day amp; check my beeper.  
ErickaAndersen congrats! So exciting! Enjoy this time. 
almacy happy to have made the cut. Great catching up over coffee today. 
pgreenberger followsven jigolden I'll be hacking together some delicious desserts amp; unwatched TV series. Quite a complex project. 
Happy to say I've simplified since this first tweet in April '07: 
Want to download your Twitter archive?  
Getting on bandwagon of this trending topic.  that success starts... and ends... at home. 
So many campaigners can relate C_and_E: RT RivasGroup: Is there life after consulting? via C_and_E 
 MT twitter: now more than 200M monthly active twitter users...We're grateful for your ongoing support! 
Vote for  own jigolden for favorite local foodie in the washingtonpost DC tweeps contest: 
Introducing the Nielsen Twitter TV Rating:   
Congrats to EricaAmerica for making this list: 
This shooting incomprehensible. Beyond insane. Devastating.  
Reading "Capitol Tweets: Social Media amp; the 2012 Presidential Debates" Good stuff from edelmandc  
pgreenberger perfect for the younger set who can't yet read tweets. Move over, Baby Einstein. 
In DC, every day is Groundhog Day. 
debaser it's Groundhog Day, again. 
Forbes: Politics dominates Twitter's year in review (including  johnboehner moment) 
Jeepers. I tweeted about Twitter a lot this year. You'd think I work for them or something... 
Boarding a plane for a 19 hr whirlwind trip to Austin. Trips to Austin never long enough, but I'll appreciate every minute of it!  
Or an impostor... cspanJeremy: Spotted on C-SPAN: MindyFinn. 
Re: last tweet, one is the skin, the other the bones. Both critical. 
Politicos: In post-election discuss of campaign failure/success, note that "digital presence" amp; "tech infrastructure" are not the same 
If you do things a little differently, and fail, maybe you need to do things a lot differently.  
Have much more respect for "do-ers" than "thought leaders." 
Wait, big data isn't new? You're kidding. 
Worthy opinion on why The Pope, Obama (and others) take to Twitter 
Kurtz: Barack Obama's hashtag army 
The science behind those Obama campaign emails:   
. jack - With platforms like Twitter where we communicate with anyone at anytime, we realize that much of gov't is unnecessary (paraphrase) 
Most exciting moment in Twitter's history is when his family got on the platform, says jack  
The great jack  
World Series sfgiants dugout 
Thrilled to be hearing from Mary Meeker -- Queen of The State of the Internet. Major role model. Thanks adambain 
Congrats cathymcmorris on her election as House Republican Conference Chair.  
KLSoltis what were the questions? 
With A Single Tweet, President Obama Revealed How To Become A Powerful Social Brand 
Happy birthday. Cheers! katieharbath: Birthday dessert. 
matthewjdowd love jodeemessina! Will have to see when she's coming anywhere near DC. 
The blame game can be such a waste of time. 
Another good one "How the race in the balance went to Obama"  
Waited a day and read this WaPo piece "The strategy that paved a winning path:" It's a good one. 
Election is over. Finally watching  Lives up to the hype. cc: SHO_Homeland 
November 7, 2013. National "Hug-a-Pollster" day.  
Ok, so who's ready to talk turkey?  
Best-in-class piece from samyoungman on role of Twitter in  (Glad I'm following him now!) 
JordanRaynor Oh, you meant in terms of predicting results, not candidacies. In that case, I agree. 
JordanRaynor Not true. Without the right emotional foundation, data means little. Likability matters. 
Inside the secret world of the data crunchers who helped Obama win 
Brit Hume makes salient pt about Romney being last man of generation to be nominated for President. But what about woman?  
Congrats to BarackObama. Congrats to all candidates elected tonight. Congrats to friends who worked so hard.   
Real-time response BarackObama: This happened because of you. Thank you. 
ilyseh was referring to the level of "accuracy" 
And how did that turn out? ilyseh: Just a note for the kids. In 2000 when we watched returns, one device in room amp; it was called a TV." 
Can't wait til tomorrow when we hear how campaigns who won did everything right and campaigns who lost did everything wrong.  
samyoungman forgive me 
megynkelly just reported that while youth vote larger, Romney gained 7 pts on McCain cc: KLSoltis 
Quick: what explains the big NoVa -- Arlington, Alexandria -- swing to Romney? There are not THAT many political consultants.  
There's only 1 Twitter! TonyFratto: This was easier back when we only had 3 networks. 
EricaAmerica lfraser nora typ ellenjdasilva kchucheong johnheywood hakanimal Cue the documentary makers!  
From Pew voting data: young amp; young at heart ask friends to vote for candidates via social. 27 50-64, 40 30-49 
DarrenRutland Thanks! Appreciate the feedback. Follow gov tonight and the rest of the conversation on Twitter. Should be exciting! 
pgreenberger EW As all-stars, they're too good. Americans love the underdog story + watching people make fools of themselves.  
30 of reg voters have been encouraged to vote for Romney or Obama on social media like FB amp; Twitter  
Look forward to seeing what  of voters share images of their ballot across the 'nets.  
Trending: Happy Election Day,  Time to VOTE, America, Republicans 
Dixville Notch a tie: Romney 5, Obama 5. Says it all via mikeallen 
As a campaign staffer, this is the point you realize most decisions were really small, few were consequential. A metaphor for life, really. 
chazkellyisms I did. It was offline. 
jdgaby I have to get a 4 and exchange it when I can get the 5. 
Nothing like a mad dash to the Apple store on Election eve for a replacement phone. At least they are open to 9pm!  
First cycle not officially working for candidates in 12 yrs. What's it like? No weight gain/loss. Same butterflies. Lost my phone today. 
Fascinating, insider telling from an Intrade junkie:  
All you fellow Prezi, check out the new look cc: JordanRaynor who is going crazy right now  
Good pt jtuckermartin: ABC piece on Twitter amp; Sandy completely misses McD official acct GovernorVA 
ABC: Governors Use Twitter to Augment Life-Saving Efforts  
AdamS jigolden magicandrew twitterDC Nah. I had started back the day before. Maybe b/c it was for a sustained period of the day? 
Thx for making us famous! joshshultz: KatieHarbath amp; MindyFinn featured on FamousDC 
When you don't know what poll to believe, just believe the one you like (could be as scientific at this point)  
Swing state VA amp; NH voters tuning into local news re  means more eyeballs on campaign TV ads. Discuss. h/t amyewalter 
Measuring loyalty: Apple, Amazon, Samsung, Twitter are 2012 brand loyalty leaders 
Twitter says: Romney's Fans Like Arby's, Obama's Like Red Lobster ... plus a fun video  
PEW - all campaign news sources growing, Internet up most. The numbers: 
gigibsohn You are too kind. So flattered. 
Great profiles of some powerful women: "The Hill's 25 Women to Watch" 
Fascinating piece: In Mobile World, Tech Giants Scramble to Get Up to Speed 
pgreenberger the next Alex P. Keaton has spoken. That's the only sentiment analysis I need! 
Never thought we'd see the final debate this year. Feels like the last episode of M*A*S*H.  
Live-tweeting tonight's debate: ChuckGrassley. Gotta love it.  
87,040 tweets per minute (the FoxNews counter a moment ago)   
Who's watching the  on foxnews? Check out the tweet counter in the bottom corner.  
iPad app to visualize election results historically. Downloading in 3...2...1 Kudos alexlundry  
Do you ask: Why the heck would I need two screens to watch TV?, then you're missing half the show. Gr8 Slate piece: 
Watched the Bush v. Gore townhall debate on C-SPAN yesterday. Much more heated tonight. Remember how that one turned out...  
So, there's a debate tonight? 
Shoq suddenly, I'm not laughing ... :-) 
kvox deal! 
Would love to teach (or take) a course on social media humor. Srsly, what did people laugh about before the 'net?  
Your living room is the spin room.  
Brand new study: Political tweets drive donations (major!) 
Intriguing bio piece about Googler-turned-Yahoo Marissa Mayer 
Enjoyed this piece. "Is Twitter good for democracy?"  
JulieG thanks for inviting me over; great to see you and chat with your team again. 
"[I]ndispensable tool for following current events" "just watching on TV...might as well not even be paying attention" 
UPDATE: Trending  Big Bird, Massachusetts, Jim Lehrer, Great Schools,   
Trending: " " " "$5 Trillion" "Bill Clinton" "Moderator" 
Getting ready to dual screen the debate. Twitter + TV = richer viewing experience.  
Romney campaign unveils rapid response ahead of 1st debate (Spoiler: Twitter!)   
Just had major "I love USA" moment at BOS airport: loud, surging round of applause as soldier reunites with family upon exiting the plane. 
digiphile why not  I mean, Colorado Springs may be smaller, but it's nice too. :-) 
digiphile ngjennings with that endorsement, I better double confirm. 
Jammin' lansing: This makes mindyfinn + AdamS do happy dance: PEW:  of users who saw news on twitter jumped 25pts to 83 in 2 yrs. 
sengseng gov adams digiphile  and  
The new presidential debate spin room. It's real-time, and on Twitter:  
Fun "where are they now" story about Howard Dean's 2003 web dream team. Kudos JoeTrippi nicco cjoh 
Ads aren't reshaping Twitter, Twitter is reshaping ads 
Love Twitter? Love jewelry? Meet the Twitter love necklace. via WSJ 
Indian government tries Twitter to connect to its 'Tweeple' (a.k.a. people)  
Let's do it MT mikepshannon: Cool: Biz Stone, Ron Howard movie inspired by Tweets A 2012 campaign edition, mindyfinn? 
Claire Danes has come a long way since first Emmy nom for My So-Called Life but still fabulous.  
Kimmel trying to capitalize on social media's ability to drive increased TV viewership. My, my, have tables have turned.  
Devastating nytimes: Giant Panda Cub Born Sept. 16 at National Zoo Dies 
A conversation I'm following:  Confab of Online News Association. Critical stuff. 
JamesGrantFL jordanraynor Have always put message first, since at least 2005. Momentum is critical umbrella "M" 
So kind davekarpf: mindyfinn is killing it on panel b4 mine at Advocacy Leaders Network. All my insights will now be verbal retweets. 
and RTs! dcconcierge: Twitter's MindyFinn points out campaigns come down to the 3 M's: Message, Money, and Mobilization!  
VincentHarris Happy to hear you are liking it! Targeted tweets ftw. 
Bear in a box doesn't work for my living room, but it's fine for my Twitter header: cc: LTB jigolden pgreenberger 
jakebrewer At least the rain provides an excuse. What explains the roads on sunny days? 
Company use of Twitter is significantly increasing  
NY MTA Chief's latest bold move: using Twitter by himself 
dougchapinjr mamorse JordanRaynor Citizinvestor Akin to the tablet computer and the VCR. 
mamorse congrats on the news! keeping the band together! 
The skinny on the new Twitter profiles. Go ahead and update. 
Gone are the days of the expertly word-smithed flowery political campaign emails. Today's campaign emails are short, sweet amp; Twitter-fied! 
Whoa. JFK Library Twitter-fueled tribute to moon voyager Neil Armstrong  
Awesome piece: Selling the hashtag election great quotes from pgreenberger nickschaper  
Trending now:   World Trade Center,      
On more inspiring note, spent 30 mins swapping 9/11 stories with DC cab driver this morning...  
Sometimes money talks but not loud enough. Ted Cruz's social media-fueled upset   
My bubbe. She's 86. Flew DCA-PBI yesterday amp; had iPad, digital camera amp; mobile phone charger stolen out of bag. Angry.  
 Never Forget 
MarietjeD66 thank you for attending. I'm happy to hear you enjoyed the discussion. (Btw, Amsterdam = one of my favorite places!) 
Bloomberg: Twitter deputizes the masses as political pundits at conventions   
Enjoyed the discussion on 21st century campaigns w: andrewbleeker gigibsohn ajrizkhan. Follow along at  
For  amp;  TV viewing down, social media up, up, up 
If it's 2012, it's multi-screen:  
En route Charlotte. Must recommend BWI's Airspace lounge, open to AmericanExpress holders. Food to order, wifi, comfy chairs -- all free! 
katieharbath had fun too! Congrats on a job well done. 
VincentHarris good to catch up for a few. The next two months provide a tremendous opportunity to set a new standard! 
magicandrew you pulled an all-nighter too? 
Someone is conventioned out!  
Taking in saraevansmusic at intimate concert at  This TX girl appreciates some good 'ole country soul tunes! 
Check out LA Gov BobbyJindal Twitter feed for real-time info re: hurricane  Smart, citizen-focused use of platform. 
Jon Voight sighting. No word on   
Reporter who "covered conventions since Calvin Coolidge" (heh!) stops by. Says Twitter "incredible," "now couldn't live w/o it."  
Love the hashtag placement! 
jigolden What?! I thought we discussed this. 
WSJ must-read: "Political ad wars move to Twitter"  
Have a good convention list to follow? I am looking for recommendations.   
Tweet the correct answer to USTravel trivia, and you could win a trip to Vegas. Not bad.  
Lessons from the heart amp; mind for creative types from my brilliant friend LeslieBradshaw enjoy! 
GOP Convention Themed With Twitter-Ready Slogans via clickz  
How the nation tweets? How 'bout how the nation swears... Heatmap: 
tperzyk Hitwise_US pgreenberger Fascinating. Thanks for sharing.  
Twitter rewrites the script for political conventions via USATODAY   
As new Mom, "the Age of the baby-busters" caught my eye. Lends new perspective to diapers amp; wipes. 
 5 tips for Twitter advertisers via pgreenberger 
RNC platform reported to include "internet freedom" plank.  
Online media will star at conventions   
Not long ago, political campaigns distinguished b/w online "volunteers" amp; real volunteers. Heh.  
Ponder this: What happens to advertising in a world of streams? 
kelleymc ditto, and thanks! Hope to have a chance to chat at the next event. 
Trending (again):  
Deconstructed: Presidential campaign's digital messaging via Pew (btw, where is the "Tweet" this on the report?) 
Here's the thing about a "gaffe." It results in hours upon hours of free media. 
Best meal I've had in a long time at mintwoodplacedc tonight thanks to a rec from jigolden. And baby friendly too! Yum, yum. 
Trending:  USS Wisconsin, Next President, Janesville, Medicare, Bob McDonnell. 
JordanRaynor It may not be factually inaccurate. There are future presidential elections. 
jmartpolitico foreshadowing for 2020 perhaps? 
ZacMoffatt just noticed the attire in photo bottom left of your avatar. Solid. Enjoy your busy day! 
And the one-day bump on the new moniker PaulRyanVP. cc: jigolden mrsmancuso  
The real question of the morning: what will be the Twitter bump for RepPaulRyan?  
Nights like this, I think of the poor staffers who are working round the clock. 'cept most love it.  
paultenhaken A new take on the "Twitter Olympics," perhaps. 
Romney camp uses VP buzz to advertise mobile app on Twitter:  
When will ppl realize that in GOP primaries, the underdog is the new favorite.  amp;  
Call from the President? OK, but athletes prefer his tweets.  
What your favorite TV show says about your politics?  
Political pollsters struggle to pin down cell phone   
Congrats PeteSnyder on the new FoxNews contributor gig. Look forward to watching you on the Tube:  
sarahgranger I'm sorry to have missed  Safe travels! 
I much prefer when Team USA gymnasts are competing as a team, rather than v. each other.  
Did social media matter in TX-SEN? You betcha: via POLITICO 
jigolden I refuse to feel sorry for you. Coffee ice cream, even forced, is to die for.  flavor 
In '08, a "text message" strategy was thought cutting edge for a presidential campaign. Now, "there's an app for that" is commonplace. 
Twitter Olympics Include Huge First Day And Other Surprises  Adweek 
wesleydonehue JordanRaynor You don't think it's more complex? Money is impt, but CW is that biggest spender = victor. Numerous exceptions. 
Can we finally agree that more $ spent does not a campaign victory make?  
NBCOlympics  = the hardest. Makes one's teeth chatter ... spectators. Much worse for those flipping.  
Did you catch the Twitter promo just now? Twitter + TV FTW!  
Just followed kerrileewalsh. Pretty bad a--.  
Twitter is a game changer for Olympics coverage:  
pgreenberger Mazel, mazel, mazel tov to you and the Greenberger clan! (You are truly a clan now) Welcome Isaac! 
Thx PACouncil. Fruitful discussion this morn. Reach out for more info right here on Twitter. Enjoy the rest of the summit!  
No social media summit would be complete w/o a tweet wall  cc: pacouncil 
On my way to offer some Twitter tips amp; tricks -- including targeted tweets -- at the pacouncil Social Media amp; Advocacy summit.  
Washington Post triples engagement rate with Twitter's new targeted 
Two yrs ago,  guidelines focused on blogging, banner ads w/o mention of social. Times have changed: 
AdWeek Correction: Well, actually, it turns out Twitter ads beat Facebook 
RobertSirc I wish. They are fancy style macaroons, which are kind of like oreos -- two cookies with a layer of icing in the middle. 
Local fave amp; Cupcake Wars winner TheSweetLobby gets in the election spirit 
Curated tweets about Aurora, CO  
New targeting adds greater relevance to Promoted Tweets. (Just in time for politics amp; the election!) 
Twitter: The digital megaphone? via C_and_E 
Twitter could swing presidential vote in Pennsylvania:  
Nothing says America like Nationals baseball. This one is special 'cause it's Max's first. 
RobertSirc despite what you may believe, I am not a brand, celebrity or high-ranking official :-) 
The Future of Twitter is Nothing You've Seen Before: 
Young Mexicans tweet the vote: 
Storm may be ending ... But nightmare could be starting for those w/o power on the eve of another 100 degree day.  
WSJ: Twitter's mobile ads begin to click 
LizMair From what I've observed, yes. They want kids but are not as pulled to provide the primary care giving. 
LizMair Slaughter piece must-read. Means more to me now vs. 2 mos ago. Agree men can't have it all. But less likely to want it. 
Nearly half of all US adults now use phones to access the Internet:  
You tweet, but do you tweet effectively? See this report: 
My generation of women generally doesn't accept the previous generation's definition of "having it all." Hear it a lot from friends, peers. 
Finally read Slaughter's piece in the Atlantic about women amp; work. It's an important conversation prompter. 
How the new media  works with the old media newscast 
Wow, historian DorisKGoodwin now on Twitter! 
Twitter: The Only Social Network That Will Matter - ClickZ mobile: 
Mlsif question how much has really changed since then in US politics? A string of promising events, hopefully more. 
Political campaigns can now raise money via text (finally!) 
Sorry to miss  after 7 years speaking. Enjoy this year, guys. Look forward to tracking the highlights here. cc: Mlsif rasiej 
paultenhaken I'm not. First one I'll miss since 2005. Enjoy! 
Clever idea NRCC. Live-stream of printer spitting out petitions + Twitter account nrccprinter. 
The debut: our new Twitter bird  
Rapid response amp; digital ads, like two peas in a pod: via POLITICO 
Pocono 400 Renamed Pocono 400 Presented by  via poconoraceway 
Twitter Dynamos, Offering Word of Gods Love 
New release: the latest Pew report on Twitter use (Twitter usage nearly doubled since 2010) 
Data-driven campaign TV ads? Say it ain't so. 
ThisisKendrick thanks for taking the time to say hi amp; great to see you on a lovely Memorial Day. 
LizMair Yes, 34. So odd. 
LizMair Funny, it's mine's bday too. 
Take note: political TV ad with Twitter handle. Should be 1st of many this cycle.  
POLITICO: RNC buys Twitter ads on Cory Booker flap  
How Twitter has changed TV: 
jigolden I'm missing Rosa?! Must get back to the office ASAP. 
Thx! RT CongJeffMiller:  kevinmaddendc johnfeehery mindyfinn larrysabato michellemalkin kstreetkate chadpergram frankluntz 
The Internet at the dawn of Facebook: 
mattdole indytwitter.com 
Twitter Implements Do Not Track Privacy Option 
White births no longer a majority in the US: /77ncz9a 
Is the Obama campaign Dashboard the "holy grail" of political organizing? 
Worthy read by Douthat in NYT - "The Third Party Fantasy:" 
An answer to a FAQ: Best time of day to post on Twitter, Facebook 
antheaws lovedbylisa Anthea is right. I'd be happy to grab drinks -- all the better in a baby-friendly place. 
"[B]oth voice and power to millions  and given candidates a real-time way to monitor the effects of their messages" 
AP: Twitter plays outsize role in 2012 campaigns 
cathymcmorris Thank you for the well wishes! Loving it so far. 
I can confirm that I gave birth to a baby boy today. Max Oren, 7 lbs, 5 oz, 20.5 in. Gorgeous, healthy amp; amazing! Thx for all's support! 
digiphile Sure, why not. 
WashPo: "Twitter becomes a key real-time tool for campaigns" 
How to geek out your baby: 
In what's shaping up to be the first presidential "Twitter election," 10 tweeters to follow: 
Want more followers? Show your funny side: 
Fascinating read on World War 3.0, the war for the Internet 
michellemalkin I'm on maternity leave for first baby. I was not ignoring anyone. Issue should be resolved. 
LizMair Sadly no! Should be next couple of days. 
My favorite shows remain "Jeopardy" and "60 Minutes." I was born about 30 years late. 
DavisMichaelR I'm happy to hear you made it there! 
Shatner dines with 1,000,000th Twitter follower 
hannigan Amazing book. Read (and re-read) it in college. Thanks! 
Seeking book recs again, tweeps. Have read a record amount this year amp; running out of "good reads." What have you read recently? 
Shout out to so many friends amp; innovators at  today. Will be following tweets along from home! (kudos again JulieG) 
EricCantor: social media has made what we do in Congress more open, accessible... We must pay attention to how people want to engage w/ us 
Reading this piece on narrow group of "persuadables" this election year:  
A should read from Reuters: "In real time, Twitter charges feisty White House campaign" 
MichaelTurk no, not yet, but hopefully soon. 
Space Shuttle Discovery on its way to retirement:   
Fascinating story about how huffingtonpost came to be: 
House Republicans launch 3rd annual "New Media Challenge." The Rules: 
Twitter nominated for a Webby for special achievement in social change. Voting open: You know what to do! 
And how could I forget DC's Emancipation Day and the  Used to watch latter out my window in college. 
CampaignTech, Twitter Hack Week, Earth Week, Heat Wave and the first week after my due date. Whew! 
GOP turns Rosen flap into mom-centric Twitter, Google ads: clickzpolitics on top of it!) 
How politicians use Twitter to route around the media:  2012 
New to Twitter: AnnDRomney  
Mandarin Oriental in NYC offering Twitter, tumblr, TripAdvisor and Google themed cocktails. Bottoms up! 
Half of Obama re-elect HQ staff works on digital, according to BuzzFeed:  
Insider's view on blending Twitter amp; governance: 
serenetyhanley Agree, epic. Fun to lunch with you. Look forward to chatting again soon amp; will keep you updated on other news. Cheers! 
Congrats katieharbath tomserres serenetyhanley tracyrusso seamuskraft amp; other tech innovators for their Camp;E honor. W00t! 
Similar to me, according to the twitter: toddeherman almacy joshkoster. They are always men. 
Thanks AustinWalne rklau antheawatson. Was joking about the "memo." But Instagram for Android is no joking matter. Major. 
Several friends new instagram converts today. Did a memo go out? 
Tweeting part of Kindergarten lessons: 
If for no other reason, I'll watch Sorkin's "The Newsroom" for Jeff Daniels (watch out, Dumb amp; Dumber) 
Hashtag activism, and its limits (a whole week old, but still good) 
As viewing habits change, political ads follow voters online:  
"14 Cringe-Worthy Complaints" worth checking out  
Re: last tweet, been more than 5 yrs since TIME's person of year was "you." Why r many still wedded to command/control advocacy amp; marketing? 
Shock may result  In all seriousness, I'd probably take best friends out for brunch to celebrate. Good news best shared. 
 of the  , I would remain anonymous. A challenging exercise to decide what to do next. 
epolitics Believe it or not, yes. He gave a U.S. flag couch to Pres George H.W. Bush amp; Barbara. Furnished my room w/ his stuff in hs. 
Love that pool report from Romney-Bush '41 meeting includes Houston mega-entrepreneur "Mattress Mack." 
MattLira katieharbath Brilliant point. Time for the so-called "adults" to join the kids table. Kids have proven themselves, alright. 
katieharbath richmasterson It has been time for digital ppl to sit at the big kids table for years, but better late than never! 
SoAlert Scooplet used to describe a little tidbit of a scoop i.e. a journalist got the "scooplet" on X person. 
I find the word "scooplet" grating. It's a little too cute. 
 event trended nationally... topic: shape the political conversation via Twitter. (go team!) 
Thanks sarahgranger henrim newawesomelife kstreetkate jgolden amp; iIntheCapital! 
Thanks IntheCapital. Literally blushing to be on this list of beautiful soc media people  
JonathanGMorgan dgross obvi ...  
I'm pretty excited about these  shirts: 
paultenhaken Thanks, Paul. Pretty jazzed! Hope you and the family are well. 
eMarketer: CEOs who tweet held in high regard (h/t paultenhaken ) 
How to use Twitter for your small business? Watch: cc: TwitterSmallBiz  
How cool is it that James Cameron is tweeting from the bottom of the sea: (Makes me want to go see Titanic) 
WSJ: In Hot Pursuit of the Digital Voter (good piece from SchatzWSJ from Friday) 
What CRM means in a social age Consider what this means for email marketing. 
INFOGRAPHIC: "How social will win the election ad wars" via sanuzis (Imagine the possibilities) 
One of few TV programs I watch each week: 60 Minutes. This week's piece on Chrysler amp; CEO Sergio Marchionne well worth it.   
pslutsky Thanks Peter. Hope you are stupendous! 
MattDeLuca Thanks much. Husband took the pic and said, "wow, you look so trim" with a straight face. That's a good man. 
37 weeks and counting! 
amandacarpenter Congrats. Capitol Hill (and row houses) are the place to be. Love ours! 
 shirts. Hot commodity! (  on the back...) 
MattLira I'm honored, sir.  
SchwartzMS Thanks for coming. Will see you then.  
CaritozWay Thx for coming. Would love to see a pic of you sporting the shirt. Tweet it out!  
Our valiant panel. robertbobo nickschaper maharinstein floridagirlindc  
Panel says Twitter has risen to the top as the place to go for policy info for their members  
 event about to get under way 
Fantastic resource from edelmandc. The "Yeas and Nays" of Congressional tweeting (Kudos almacy!) 
And all that remains...  
Happy 6th birthday, Twitter! (gift to us from the mother ship) 
Oops, make that TIME's "140" best Twitter feeds (obvi): 
TIME's 100 best Twitter feeds: 
Morning Score headline this morning "Mad Dog Put Down." I read on expecting something on KevinMaddenDC. Sorely disappointed. 
Smart project from EricCantor team: 
Associations, want to see how it's done? Check out how ustravel amp; TravelCoalition have been using Twitter; 
Tuned into the season premiere of  They're highlighting top tweets on air, so it's a work exercise... No, really. 
Ugh. 
Brilliant "choose your own adventure" marketing campaign via Twitter's promoted trend (Note: this is in the UK) 
Video, social amp; the 2012 presidential campaign: "[It] adds a degree of credibility because a friend is endorsing it." 
Work environment today. Ain't complaining. 
jvreeland Odd they called it so early. 
So far, NBC alone in calling AL. What are others waiting for? 
Switching to cspan.Your tweets have convinced me. cc: howardmortman 
GOP hopefuls face high stakes day in the South via Storyful 
Easy prediction: several candidates will shred the old campaign playbook, write it anew and win primaries and generals this year. 
Good HarvardBiz piece: Why social marketing is so hard Advice: "Vulnerability begets trust." 
My new favorite adverb: "simply." 
Big News: Posterous joining the flock at Twitter: Every day we  
Unable to make it to  this year, I'm enjoying the Twitter feed. Tell me, tweeps, what has been south-by-south-best so far? 
It's International Women's Day. Who thinks that should be Sun - Mon?  
LansingG andrewfoxwell obvi, the value is in the 1-2 people who tell you they saw it ;-) 
What  of $285M in direct mail sits at post office? Hefty sum to turn out the postal worker vote, don't ya think? 
$9.8B mega-spend predicted for 2012 (Only 1.5 digital, less than direct mail amp; print!) 
Campaigns are marketing efforts, people. And marketing is increasingly dependent on bytes:  
Theme of nat'l press foundation dinner: info is now instantaneous amp; plentiful. Info not enough, real reporting more impt than ever.  
Eric Schmidt keynote at  Reminds us that only 2 of 7 billion in the world are online. Imagine the web when all are connected? 
Shout out to friends at StoryPartners for their curated  tweets for nat'l press foundation. 
At Nat'l Press Foundation dinner. Free iPad goes to the best tweeted answer to why  Mine: knowledge is power. 
Fun to re-read this piece about presidential campaign TV ad landscape from June '11: 
MattDeLuca made you look 
Everything you need to know about  
Ha! rickklau So I just tweet  and I get a free iPad? Is that how this works? Sweet!" 
JuniorLeague GloriaFeldt sarahgranger I'm a fan of "power with" leadership. Don't take over or yield. Collaborate. 
VentureBeat: AMEXs new Twitter integration is brilliant marketing  
JerriAnnHenry michellemalkin nmind, scrolled up. There are MULTIPLE Twitter accounts. Good stuff. 
JerriAnnHenry michellemalkin does the new site have a Twitter account? 
ErickaAndersen I"m a super fan of Spring Mill. Keep spreading the word! 
AmEX syncs with Twitter to turn  into savings. Sync up your silver, gold or platinum amp; save:  
If you're headed to south-by, check out this panel on election 2012 amp; media: (the one I was slated to be on)  
The road to  in tweets: 
Good overview: Super Tuesday 'win' could rest in Ohio, Tennessee  
SalenaZitoTrib you read me right. 
These parties look fabulous but sadly I'm not headed to  this year. It's a too close for comfort to baby due date. Have fun y'all! 
 
How newspapers are faring w/ new revenue streams (Spoiler: most struggling w/ a few bright spots) 
The Start-Up That Wouldn't Die: 
Shocked to hear of sudden death of AndrewBreitbart. His last tweet 7h ago, according to Twitter  
KLSoltis Get to the "hottest" keynotes and panels early to get a seat. More lines than Best Buy amp; Wal-mart on Black Friday. 
This from Pew makes sense, but it's kind of like saying "people will be both happy and sad throughout their lives" 
Why doing own tweeting matters: "It's a personal medium and authenticity is the most important quality." 
What politicians could learn from NASCAR tweet via onmessageinc  
digiphile I'm not sure, but, yes, notable progress! 
 fans, more of the story about driver keselowski. (He live-tweeted from his car!)  
How Twitter took over NASCAR: (h/t pgreenberger) cc: ericwilson 
From marriage to Whitney, how the 50 Governors connect on Twitter:  
Gut check: are you distributing your paid media dollars this way? 
From gigaom: Retail needs a reboot to survive: cc: matthewhaller 
Self-reported happiness greater in poor countries Things that make you go "hmmm.." 
Meryl Streep = class act. We could all aspire to love our craft the way she does.   
jeffjarvis billycrystal has made a few political jokes.  
In Memoriam one of best parts of  Sad but inspiring reminder of the many talents beyond the "celebs." 
magicandrew figured that was a nod to "The Artist." 
rorycooper I missed it. Must not have recognized it as such. Embarrassing. (Bingo!) 
magicandrew wow, I must not have recognized the word... 
"A winner curses in an acceptance speech:" the last square I need to win Oscar bingo. Colin Farrell not nominated. Prob not going to happen. 
Yeah Reese. I, too, love Overboard.  
Have to agree that Michelle Williams is   
I want to be Kristen Wiig's writing partner.  
Our "baby moon" so far: hotel lost power amp; only dog-friendly room is *hospitality* suite w/ Murphy bed. Good luck?  
How Twitter drives NBA ratings:   
"I'd like to thank my Twitter followers..." Social media guide to Oscar night:  
Always gets me when movement described as "online grassroots organization." How else do ppl organize amp; communicate in the U.S.? Fax? 
Former Congresswoman Susan Molinari named new head of Google's DC office.   
Case u haven't seen, this morn houstonhospital -- in my city -- live tweeted open heart surgery. See the full story: 
antheawatson reaching you through Twitter works for me! 
NYT: Online Data Helping Campaigns Customize Ads  
marcambinder shouldn't GOP elders have found that out in '09-'10? 
Twitter helps foil crime in Kenya. Less Internet, more SMS 
Event most sorry to miss today:  Catching up on the Twitter stream now. Recommend it. Brilliant insights. 
With Crowdverb, GOP Geek Squad Aims to Match Dems Datum for Datum:  
My 2011 SXSW talk was "Tech You See, Tech You Don't" in politics, arguing tech u don't more impt, needs more attn. See: 
Every campaigner, not just data nerds, must-read: "Obama's White Whale" 
Lin's is a story about defying expectations. We Americans love those stories: 
mashable Thanks for the follow. Huge admirer. 
Sweet: Map of the U.S. through 8,653,518 geotagged tweets + photos 
Obama campaign launches "technology field office" in SF:  
Re: last tweet, handle is NicolasSarkozy 
Sarkozy joins Twitter on first day of campaign 
Must-read profile of Twitter, Inc. through the lens of power women KatieS  ChloeS 
KLSoltis ourdailyfred alaskan david_feinberg thanks for the heads up! I am turning it on! 
jmartpolitico disagree w/ which point? Do you agree with this? 
Great read on the "incredible shrinking news cycle." 
In era when regular people "break" news before news orgs, tool aims to help journos h/t kvox 
Giant box of flowers. Requires giant Twitter-themed scissors to open.  
Mobile use explodes in politics: 
OH  coffee shop: 70ish yr old man learning to set up his blog. Remember 10 years ago when most Americans didn't know what that was? 
Seeking marriage advice? Britain's oldest married couple -- 82 yrs -- joins Twitter to meet your need: 
Message to PR pros  campaigners  (plus, great read  TV package) 
Thanks SMWWDC. I enjoyed the panel this morning, even though I made it brief cc: thorpus get_set_law googledc corbett3000 
jungshadow thanks! Much appreciated! Have a great weekend. 
dougchapinjr thanks! Couldn't ask for more this birthday, except for maybe a delay on grey hair. 
JordanRaynor thanks on both accounts! 
Opinion: Super PACs vs Social Media (both shape the race, I reckon) 
Good morning, world. Feeling great about today.  
Yah, work-life "fit" is more appropriate than work-life "balance." 
I like these. "Best practices for engaging on Twitter" 
Like political ads? Lists? You will love this one of top 10 game-changing political ads 
LansingG thanks for the love 
Romney campaign: Square "could be huge"  other digital trends in politics 
Lot of House members saying goodbye. Here's the breakdown: 
Fun data: In 2008, the last Patriots v. Giants, the largest Super Bowl spike = 27 tweets-per-second (TPS). This year's peak = 12,233 TPS. 
Just voted for  -- my number  for Super Bowl ad of the year. (it was the "Clint" factor) 
I just voted for  from bestbuy on Ad Scrimmage. Watch it for yourself and vote here: 
Sweet Lobby on Barracks Row won tonight's Cupcake Wars. There goes the short line.   cc: fncupcakewars 
My neighborhood bakery "The Sweet Lobby" on tonight's Cupcake Wars. Now that's sweet.  
Vote for your favorite  in-game ad: adscrimmage.twitter.com 
I had forgotten about the  Now in desperate, lazy search for remote. Thanks tweeps.  
NRFDavid We did. We should catch up. Cheers. 
NathanWurtzel That does make me feel better somehow. :-) 
Just realized I will only be this ripe young age for one more week. Yikes. 
dougchapinjr not yet that I know of. 
JonnyTorres indytwitter.com 
What PR pros can learn from PP, Komen ... crisis comms in the age of social media 
JonnyTorres Sure. 
Something unique w/ tomorrow's  results (they will be real time ... really) via seattletimes 
Two Twitter lists for following the election: (from Storyful)  (h/t TwitterforNews) 
Super Bowl XLVI shaping up as "hashtag" Sunday  
How Africa Tweets: even in less "wired" countries Angola, Ethiopia, Mali, Niger  Sudan 
  Eastern Market w/ 4 others) 
C'mon pundits, qualify your sweeping conclusions. Tactics that work for some candidates do squat for other candidates. Many variables. 
Totally right KLSoltis. Political analysis is full of faulty logic. "TV ads work," "negative ads work." Tell that to Rick Perry  Ron Paul. 
annwherberger You betcha. 
LOVE how campaign staffers regularly tweet behind-the-scenes pics. Four years ago, that was a major no-no. How times change. 
jonward11 Twitter. Obvi. 
Btw, jonward11, your profile page background is the awesome. 
Going to bed early, for a change. Didn't even have time to turn on TV. Didn't need to. Thanks tweeps. (Sorry TV friends) 
I'm so over email. It needs a character limit. 
This usage of square in national politics was inevitable: 
To infinity ... and beyond! RT FamousDC:     live Tweeting. What's next MindyFinn  AdamsS ?  
Watching   proud of it. Flipping some to  for the purpose of watching players tweet from the sidelines. 
colincjcampbell Yep! Tweeted it. It's a fantastic snapshot of Twitter  GOP race. 
"NYT: In Nonstop Whirlwind of G.O.P. Campaigns, Twitter Is a Critical Tool" (most significant diff from '08) 
Why you want to work at Twitter:  
In a political first, you can expect real-time election results in NV courtesy of the twitter 
 demos at Twitter. The future is blowing my mind. Thankful for brilliant colleagues. 
Interesting to see technologist aneeshchopra consider run for office (Lt Gov, VA). Would answer call for more techies to enter politics. 
matthewjdowd welcome to Twitter, friend. We look forward to much micro-brilliance to come. 
John King just said to Mrs. Santorum, Rick's 93 year-old mother, "I guess you're not on Twitter." ha!  
MattLira technically, yes. 
Impt steps at Twitter for free expression  transparency: Tweets must flow. 
scottstanzel Congrats at the new gig at Amazon! They are fortunate to have you. 
T-15 until VP starts his  Follow gov for the Twitter QA at 1:10pm ET. 
How well did uschamber's    campaign work? See what they say: (amazing stats here!) 
MeganFitz congrats on moving to the best neighborhood in the city. cc: capitolhilldc 
magicandrew adams Obvi.  
"You Make My Dreams" by Hall  Oates makes you want to dance. Listen to it. Judge for yourself. 
Stellar summary via techpresident of gov't  media  twitter activity 
Chamber of Commerce Twitter ads  (see today's Promoted Trend) 
microadvocacy Smart. Thanks for the suggestion. (best ideas come from Twitter users) 
If it's Wednesday, it's either the day after or day before a pres primary debate.  
Infographic: The State of the Union on Twitter  
In addition to following "the Twitter" tonight, I'll be political junkie-ing it up at cspan's  center 
The Pope: "In concise phrases, often no longer than a verse from the Bible, profound thoughts can be communicated." 
Agree with jonhenke. Some pit conservative v. establishment. That overlooks that there is a conservative establishment. 
Wow. Disney to allow employees to grow beards/goatees starting Feb. 3. Is this dawn of the age of facial hair? h/t HotlineReid 
brianstelter Wondered the same thing. Tried to find the debate on MSNBC first. 
Debate tweets crack me up. Thank goodness for 'em.  
RepTomGraves Feel free to email me: indytwitter.com. 
almacy Great to see you and catch up. Look forward to working together more closely. Cheers. 
Most everything you need to know about Twitter in 2012 as shared by jack 
Worthy read re: social sentiment's role in 2012 election coverage: 
digiphile You'll have to wait  see on Tuesday. I expect several orgs will promote. The mystery is which ones will you see :-) 
digiphile Heh. No, of course not. I thought you were referring to recent announcements of SOTU plans, not initial WHLive. Fair pt. 
digiphile I believe that may be a function of the story being written far in advance of its publishing. 
Nice one. I'm using that. MT LeslieBradshaw Love how mindyfinn drops knowledge like a book bag with a hole in it: 
Finally saw "The Artist." Loved, loved, loved. Will accept no imitation for Academy Award Best Picture. 
HotlineJosh Linda Killian was my j-school professor; first job in DC under her directorship in '01. Read "The Freshmen" then. Fascinating. 
TIME's "person" of the year for '06 was "You," and for '11 "the people." We make fun but should pay more attention . 
To remember: digital age means more power in hands of voter. Only they -- not $, the media, leaders -- decide elections. Why must u forget? 
Fox News projects newtgingrich victory in SC at 7:00pm ET. 
nlitvin thanks! 
jackhutton thanks for watching! 
Shoq thanks for the feedback! 
KGoetterman thanks for the feedback and for watching! 
In victory for the anti-SOPA/PIPA coalition, Sen. Harry Reid postpones Tuesday's scheduled vote. 
7 political ads in a row on ABC in Charleston. At least one each per candidate, including Rick Perry. Hmm.  
Newt against Internet censorship FTW!  (and Mitt seconds!) 
The SOPA moment:  
SOPA questions via Twitter coming right up at  
Next up: John King to ask about Gingrich's tax returns, which were released DURING debate. How times have changed.  
Have said that Twitter era means debate "post-mortem" now happens in real time. But narrative set after 14 mins a record.  
Oh boy am I glad I'm in the audience at this debate. Team America.  
Mr. 9-9-9 
Spotted: mittromney leaving the Brooks Brothers on Market in Charleston a.k.a. "debate prep!" 
And then there were four. Look forward to a *spirited* debate tonight in Charleston.  
sanuzis I just landed in Charleston too. Let's catch up! 
I'm at Charleston International Airport (CHS) (5500 International Blvd, Charleston) w/ 6 others 
SOPA/PIPA face-off is fascinating. Creative entrepreneurship will win. It's the American way.  
SOPA protest: The Net strikes back - via POLITICO 
Will say this: all the people I've worked with on GQ's most powerful 50 in Washington are extremely hard working, obsessively so. 
Reuters answers "What is Twitter?" in fantastic piece. "The hashtag revolution:" 
Headed to Charleston tomorrow for  and primary fun. Who is going to be there?  
Golden Globe fans: see how the show played out on Twitter (Social TV, FTW) 
Twitter adding 11 accounts per second 
Happy GOP debate  
With 90-second answers, will we have more [candidate name]  than [candidate name]  tonight?  
Candidates counted on to be 'personally responsible' to the time limit. No bells, dings, google chat sound buzzer.  
Florida GOP voters 16 more likely to vote for a candidate if endorsed by Tebow 
bethanyshondark I'm using  
The 2012 "tech primary" piece brought to you by the fabulous khart 
Good piece: the 2012 "tech primary." (Will politics come close to catching the brand avg. of 20+ digital spend?) 
Fox News and Twitter Join Forces for Republican Debate: 
Want to see some brilliance? See today's promoted trend  courtesy of the aarp. (Betty White turns 90 this week!) 
Epic qa held by Pixar director andrewstanton last night on Twitter. Thanks to MattLira for pointing it out. 
Political intrigue: "The strategy behind those flashy ads" 
AEInews jesseblum ericteetsel jennastalbot great to meet you over lunch today! 
Is this Hostess going bankrupt thing a giant ploy to sell more Twinkies? If so, it's genius. 
Three words define Election 2012: Black. Eyed. Peas. 
Four years ago, I had just stopped campaigning for the day. Bittersweet, but much warmer, on my couch tonight.  
Twitter is invaluable, say political media makers 
Well, this is super cool RT TwitterAds: Join the "Road to the  conversation presented by chevrolet 
And ... wait for it ... The vote will likely be split b/w at least six candidates. Count on it. 
Whoever gets the most votes tonight is sure to win. (Boldest prediction!) 
Kudos to friends  dynamos petesnyder and lesliebradshaw for shout-outs in Capital Business 
Does 2011 already feel like distant past? This will bring back the memories: 
Tebow sets TwitterSports record. I know KLSoltis will appreciate this one: 
Again, Twitter beat "looking out the window" as my first signal it was snowing. 
Stunning drop in broadcast  cable viewing from 2009 to 2011 -- 71 to 48 -- from new Accenture survey. More: 
Sad to hear about Tony Blankley. Another reminder of cancer's horrific toll 
michaelscherer Good point. Reporters would be sharper in the morning too. 
It's too bad more debates can't be held in the morning. Candidates seem sharper, on point.   
In 20 yrs, this scenario: campfire, friends, political lore ... and heated arguments over who really won IA GOP Caucus back in '12. 
Twitter's 4 "Crunchies" noms - Best Soc App, Biggest Soc Impact + Founder  CEO of Year. Vote: 
Twitter, Google, Facebook endorse alternative online piracy bill 
How Google beat the AP's results on  night h/t katieharbath (now who can fix the counting problem?) 
Refreshed and finally got a fellow female. LizMair, I'm "Similar to You." 
I love Twitter's "Similar to you." For me, they are always men but also ppl I respect i.e. MattLira almacy HotlineReid etc 
This acct = awesome MT michaeljackson: MJ, King of Pop, will be Immortalized at Graumans Chinese Theatre 1/26. More: 
Worth a look from TheFix: "Why Rick Santorum (Really) Won Iowa 
I like this. It's touching. "The richness of Twitter" by Felix Salmon 
Great Slate piece about Romney's campaign: Anatomy of a Narrow Victory via sissenberg 
GovernorPerry tweets "Here we come, South Carolina!" (Perry's personally controlled account) 
Having Election Night 2000 deja vu.  
Looks like Johnson County could be decisive one w/ Romney taking more than 2x the votes of Santorum w/ 91 reporting. 
KatiePavlich It wouldn't be an election cycle if it didn't spell death of the GOP. Same unlikely story every time. 
How much did the Republicans waste on television ads in Iowa? (Seems appropriate about now) 
This ain't gonna be called by 10pm. Close game.  
Newt Gingrich is leading ... in Winneshiek County w/ 50 reporting.  
henrim yianniak There is no set rate for promoted tweets. It's purely results-based, priced on cost-per-engagement, not impressions. 
Yes, it is RT JordanRaynor: Smart use of Twitter advertising by BarackObama on the search term  
Saved by the Bell references, FTW! RT Philip_Elliott: RT samyoungman: I'm like Jesse Spano level "so excited." // I'm so scared? 
Top-tier just missing a "Q" candidate. Paul, Romney, Q____, Santorum.  
Caucus time!  
"Twitter is already...important...for political discussion...could be significant for 2012 election advertising, too." 
Twitter revolutionizes not only politics and political coverage, but the way people meet h/t pgreenberger 
DavidClinchNews Quite interesting. Thanks for sharing. Anything I should look for post-Iowa? 
And the winner is  Twitter "In 2011, [Twitter] simply became important." 
Who Won 2011? -- a bracket from Grantland 
I keep thinking about Ron Paul's many straw poll wins. The caucus is a different animal but   
Warning: not about Iowa --gt; "How Twitter made business decisions for companies in 2011" 
