text 
LIVE: Get the latest update about the  mission in our post-launch event. Watch now: 
OrbitalATK's  is now on solar power amp; is heading towards a Saturday arrival at Space_Station 
 ULAlaunch's  rocket launched OrbitalATK's  spacecraft to Space_Station w/ 7500lbs of cargo. 
Spacecraft separation!  is now flying free with 3.5 tons of cargo to Space_Station. 
And liftoff of OrbitalATKs  cargo mission to the Space_Station! Watch: 
LAUNCH ALERT: T-4 mins amp; counting... OrbitalATK's  launch is at 11:05pm ET. Watch: 
Weather for OrbitalATK's  cargo launch is 100 GO. Liftoff set for 11:05pm ET. Watch 
OrbitalATKs  spacecraft launches at 11:05pm ET to Space_Station. What's onboard: 
LIVE NOW: Coverage for OrbitalATK's  cargo launch. Liftoff at 11:05pm ET. Watch: 
Want to see tonights 11:05pm ET  cargo launch? Watch online starting at 10pm ET: 
Heres how  spacecraft will dock to Space_Station after tonights 11:05pm ET launch: 
Space_Station amp; ISS_CASIS allow innovative research on orbit. See what's on tonights 11:05pm ET  launch: 
How will tonight's 11:05pm ET  launch help Space_Station research? It will carry 7,500 pounds of supplies. 
This mini exercise device could be the key to how astronauts stay fit on a  
Find out how we use Space_Station tech to improve water filtration on Earth:  
Launch for OrbitalATKs  cargo spacecraft to Space_Station set for 11:05pm ET. 
Weather forecast is 90 GO for 11:05pm ET Tuesday launch of OrbitalATK's  spacecraft 
New map of Mars gravity provides revealing glimpse into hidden interior of the Red Planet: 
Where will future astronauts live? NextSTEP asks industry to design future homes in space: 
OrbitalATK's  set to launch tomorrow with its largest load of Space_Station cargo: 
For the 1st time, brilliant flash of an exploding stars shockwave captured by NASAKepler: 
Big on social media? Apply now amp; see the April 8 SpaceX cargo launch from FL:  
LIVE NOW Mission managers discuss tomorrows OrbitalATK  cargo launch. Watch online: 
Hear from mission managers at 2:30pm ET about tomorrows OrbitalATK  cargo launch: 
 Science launching to Space_Station tomorrow on OrbitalATK's  spacecraft: 
CroixSpace it's on the next resupply mission with SpaceX, targeted for launch April 8: 
LIVE NOW: What experiments are launching to Space_Station tomorrow? Watch: Q?  
What's onboard  cargo ship launching Tuesday? Watch live at 12:30 pm ET: Q?  
Did you know that you can spot Space_Station in the night sky? Find out when to look up: 
Want to get space news delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up for updates here: 
How well do you know your space photos? Test your skills with this quick quiz: 
Want to see a rocket launch? Apply now to attend April 8 SpaceX cargo launch from Florida: 
About 20 haze layers seen extending above Plutos surface in pic taken by NASANewHorizons: 
Pluto's water ice-rich plains display a range of surface textures, from smooth to pitted: 
Big on social media? Apply now to see the April 8 SpaceX cargo launch from FL:  
Why is the Earth galactically special? NASAScienceCast takes a look at the chemical ingredients: 
This month, 2 comets will safely zip past Earth at a distance of 2.2 million miles. Info: 
Welcome to Space_Station! Hatches are opened and the crew onboard grows from 3 to 6 members 
LIVE: Watch as Space_Station hatch is opened amp; crew is greeted to their new home on orbit: 
Inside Mission Control: see what it looked like during today's launch to Space_Station 
Spacecraft carrying crew successfully docks to Space_Station at 11:09 pm ET: 
Arriving crew starts their final approach to dock with Space_Station. Watch online: 
LIVE NOW: Coverage of crew docking to Space_Station. Watch online here: 
Watch live as Astro_Jeff and crew dock to Space_Station. Coverage starts at 10:30pm ET: 
Big on social media? Apply now to see the April 8 SpaceX cargo launch from FL:  
Astro_Jeff amp; crew are now on orbit. Scheduled to dock to Space_Station at 11:11pm EDT after a six-hour journey. 
LIFTOFF! Astro_Jeff amp; 2 cosmonauts launched at 5:26pm ET to the Space_Station. 
LAUNCH ALERT: 3 humans launch to Space_Station at 5:26pm ET. Watch live online now: 
Live coverage of the next crew launching to Space_Station starts now on NASA TV! Tune in: 
The next crew launches to Space_Station today at 5:26pm ET. Watch live at 4:30pm on NASA TV 
RIGHT NOW Astro_Wheels is in Mission Control answering your Qs about todays launch to Space_Station. Use  
Have Qs about todays launch to Space_Station? Astro_Wheels will answer  Qs from Mission Control at 4pm ET 
Today, Astro_Jeff launches to Space_Station. Follow amp; keep up with his mission on social media.   
Want to have an out-of-this-world Friday? Watch crew launch to Space_Station at 5:26pm ET: 
 throughout our agency. Get to know the women who contribute to our mission: 
Launch day for Astro_Jeff! Watch our weekly Space_Station update amp; learn more. Question? Use  
Distant and behemoth galactic beast spotted in cosmic wilderness: super spirals. Details: 
Tomorrow, record-breaking astronaut Jeff Williams launches to Space_Station at 5:26pm ET: 
Science papers from NASANewHorizons'  reveal new aspects of Pluto amp; its moons: 
Nine monster stars with masses over 100x that of our sun were spotted by NASA_Hubble: 
Happy  Ireland seen from space on a moonlit night under a green aurora. 
Launched in January,  began mapping global sea surface height, captures El Nio: 
ICYMI: We hosted a  event with WomenNASA leaders on  Watch now: 
 1966, our first docking mission turned into a wild ride, tumbling out-of-control. More: 
We're going to set a fire... on a spacecraft! More on our fire safety experiment in space: 
On Friday, Astro_Jeff amp; crew launch to Space_Station. Their spacecraft rolled out today: 
Are you watching? WomenNASA leaders in  are taking  questions. Live now: 
LIVE NOW: Special  event on WomenNASA in  Watch: Q?  
TODAY:  event at 12pm ET on WomenNASA amp;  Q? Use  
For  join us at 12pm ET Weds on WomenNASA amp;  Q  
Moon shadows on Jupiter tonight amp; nine more things to know about our solar system this week: 
Sun's magnetic fields over an image captured by our sun observing spacecraft: NASASunEarth 
80erJochen orbital night lasts approximately 45 minutes. thanks for being a fan! 
LIVE NOW: Media telecon on ISS_Research launching to Space_Station Tues, March 22. Listen: 
Remotely controlled camera on the Space_Station snapped this striking pic of South Africa: 
See how dueling climate cycles may increase sea level swings: NASAEarth 
Satellite data measures heavy rainfall over the southern U.S. Details: NASA_Rain 
Two of our radios are aboard ESA's  now on a 7-month journey to the Red Planet: 
Congratulations ESA on the successful launch of  See you on Mars in October 2016: 
LIVE NOW: Coverage of ESA's  spacecraft's first acquisition of signal. Watch: 
NASA_Dawn honored for its successful mission to giant asteroid Vesta amp; dwarf planet Ceres: 
It's  the informal holiday beloved by math enthusiasts. See how we use Pi: Happy Pi! 
Day-night boundary cuts diagonally across Saturn's moon Enceladus: Spotted by CassiniSaturn 
 2015, our  spacecraft launched. Facts from its flawless first year: NASASunEarth 
Happy Pi Day! Take our "Pi in the Sky" challenge amp; solve some of the problems we do:  
ESA's  launched at 5:31am ET! For updates, follow ESAoperations or visit: 
LIVE NOW: Launch coverage for ESA's  5:31am ET liftoff to the Red Planet. Watch:  
Launch events for ESA_ExoMars start at 4:30am ET. Follow ESAoperations for updates amp; watch 
Combining data from multiple telescopes gives us more info about the universe. Find out how: 
Whats sticky, stony and sizzling? The new science launching to Space_Station on March 22: 
Might  snakeskin terrain be a record of a time before the solar system ever was? 
Tournament Earth is back! Come vote for your favorite NASAEarth image from 2015. 
Watery graves of shipwrecks discovered using NASA_Landsat satellite. See how: 
Using MAVEN2Mars, we're closer to solving the mystery of how Mars moon Phobos formed: 
Meanwhile, on Mars, a sandstone nodule on Mount Sharp spotted by our MarsCuriosity rover: 
New NASAEarth studies will track air pollutants amp; study development of tropical cyclones: 
Feeling small? Here's a legion of galaxies swimming in the inky blackness of space: 
Comet temporary wreaked havoc on Mars magnetic field during its flyby in October 2014: 
LanceUlanoff download the Spacecraft 3D app for iOS amp; Android here: 
How do we decrease the noise from sonic booms? We're using a new air data probe to find out: 
We're analyzing El Nino influenced Pacific storms that brought rain amp; snow to US West Coast: 
 StationCDRKelly to retire from NASA in April: Look back at his  
Watch 'This week NASA' and get the latest news happening from around the agency. 
Administrator Charles Bolden on the retirement of  astronaut StationCDRKelly: 
After a  StationCDRKelly to retire from NASA, will still support our research: 
We're at  with exhibits amp; presentations on Astrophysics, our  amp; more: 
New global network of stations will make more precise measurements of Earths orientation: 
Whats eating at Pluto? NASANewHorizons scientists discovered a giant bite mark on Pluto: 
Are there rules for using languages aboard Space_Station? Watch our weekly update. Question? Use  
The planets in our solar system have piqued the interest of many scientists, but what about their moons? Take a look 
ISS_Ham_Radio on Space_Station marks its 1000th education contact with the ground. Info: 
RS25 engine that will power our  underwent a successful 500 second test firing today at NASAStennis 
During this weeks solar eclipse, DSCOVR Observatory saw the moons shadow on Earth. Look: 
More is better! See how were using multiple telescopes to learn about galaxy clusters: 
LIVE NOW: Join our Reddit AMA with Space_Station flight controllers. Ask them anything: 
Join Space_Station flight controllers at 3pm ET for a Reddit AMA amp; ask about ISS_Research 
What do you do after returning to Earth from  Heres what StationCDRKelly did: 
Ten years ago, our Mars Orbiter arrived at the Red Planet. Learn about its discoveries since 
We're testing inflatable heat shield NASA_Technology for deep space missions. More: 
Comet Siding Spring wreaked havoc on Mars magnetic field during its October 2014 flyby: 
Visualization shows total sea level change between 1992 and 2014, based on Earth observing satellite data. 
Total solar eclipse over SE Asia cast a shadow over Earth, and our satellite captured it: 
Astronaut Kate Rubins visits Space_Station this summer. Join her on Facebook live amp; ask Qs 
NASAKepler space telescope got a 2nd chance to search for planets orbiting stars. See how: 
LIVE NOW: Get to know the crew traveling to Space_Station this summer. Qs? Use  
TODAY: Meet the crew launching to Space_Station this summer at 2pm ET. Watch amp;  
SOFIAtelescope data indicates star eruptions create elements that can form rocky planets: 
Save the Date: NASAInSight lander team now working toward a May 5, 2018 launch to Mars: 
Wow, a total solar  See the moon pass directly in front of the sun. It happened at 8:38 to 8:42 pm ET. 
Watch Now: Live stream of total solar  Event occurs over SE Asia at 8:38pm ET: 
LIVE NOW: Total solar  coverage! Event occurs over SE Asia at 8:38pm ET. Watch: 
Live coverage of tonight's total solar  over SE Asia starts at 8pm ET. Watch: 
People in parts of SE Asia will see a total solar  tonight. See why this happens 
Tonight, catch a brighter Jupiter in the sky during its close encounter with Earth. Details: 
Total solar  at 8:38pm ET. Not in SE Asia to see it? Watch online at 8pm: 
  Meet four women who can't wait to go:  
LIVE NOW: Reddit AMA on todays solar  Ask us anything about eclipse science: 
Saturn's moons Tethys and Rhea (left and right, respectively) spotted by CassiniSaturn: 
Total solar eclipse! Not in SE Asia tomorrow to see it? No worries. Watch live at 8pm ET: 
Space race competition helps entrepreneurs turn NASA_Technology into new products: 
Citizen scientists can help us understand auroras, features of geomagnetic storms. See how: 
LIVE NOW: Facebook Qamp;A on the March 8 total solar  visible in parts of SE Asia: 
TODAY: Solar  Facebook Qamp;A at 3pm ET! Ask scientists about the March 8 event: 
Behold, the mountain Ahuna Mons on dwarf planet  Pic from NASA_Dawn's lowest orbit: 
Have you ever seen a rocket launch in-person? Apply to attend a  on Mar 21-22: 
We're beginning work to build a quieter supersonic passenger jet. Learn more:  
Want to spot a Kuiper Belt Object? If so, here's help seeing 1000s of stars simultaneously: 
Twice a year, for 3 weeks, Earth blocks part of NASASunEarth's  solar view. See why: 
Exotic methane snow capped mountains on Pluto discovered by the NASANewHorizons team: 
Test for solar array wing deployment for NASA_Orion is a success. More:  
Atmospheric river storms are more likely to melt snow in the Sierras, says new study: 
We're saddened by the loss of Nancy Reagan. In her honor, here's a pic of her w/ Space Shuttle Columbia in July 1982 
Star light from the central star 2,300 light-years away streams out in a rainbow of colors: 
We found that the drought in eastern Mediterranean is worst of the past 900 years. Details: 
After yrs of tests amp; development, scientific balloon is set to break flight duration record: 
Next week is a total solar  amp; we'll answer your Q's amp; stream it live. Join us: 
Space exploration isn't for dummies. Well, except for these helping to assess crew safety: 
Fire in the hole! New study helps learn about microgravity fires amp; ensure astronaut safety: 
Special software, first made by NASAAmes, could help machines tell us when they are sick: 
See the next Space_Station cargo launch from FL! Apply to attend a  on Mar 21-22 
Saturns moons Tethys amp; Janus are made of similar materials but are very different worlds: 
Looking back at the  It's opened a new chapter in human exploration of space: 
What happened This Week NASA?  crew returns, Low boom aircraft and more! 
Today, StationCDRKelly explains why he thinks space is important amp; how it advances our economy. Watch: 
'Welcome home, StationCDRKelly. Now lets go to Mars' says NASA Admin Bolden whitehouseostp's Holdren via WIRED: 
bmxer83 follow astro_tim and astro_timpeake who are on Space_Station now and tune in to 
medlin_around We *just* accepted applications last time before that was 4 years. 
harvardbilly data collection continues for at least 9 months then analysis. See amp; 
jeninjupiter Astronauts' spines do lengthen in space, but gravity is strong and immediate. He is likely already at pre-launch height. 
chrisjvargo DanNASA he just answered this and said the first thing he ate was a banana. 
LIVE NOW: Briefing w/ StationCDRKelly after a  amp; his return home. Q?  
auldsimp Space_Station it makes it easier to wash your hair in space! AstroKarenN showed how she washed hers: 
_AIZWAN_ ShuttleCDRKelly had already retired from NASA when the  was assigned. 
ShanicaJohnson You can get an overview of the human research at and 
Davidbeginshere here's an explanation of how astronauts vote in space: 
TTToniTiger no laundry in space. Trash is discarded in resupply vehicles that burn up in Earth's atmosphere 
Scofield_Sci Space_Station When StationCDRKelly returned, gravity began to compress his spine again. Likely already at pre-launch height. 
tintin_gustin you can learn more about drinking from a specially designed cup in space at 
krzy1kris congrats! You could work toward flying on NASA_Orion spacecraft to deep space: 
GavinceDana Not long! StationCDRKelly amp; crew undocked at 8:02 pm ET and landed on Earth at 11:26 pm ET. 
samhita1D the Space_Station crew members operate on GMT/UTC. 
itsmecricket943 Not Scott specifically, but the most recent findings about vision loss are here: 
iamsuperbevz Civilian astronaut salaries are based on federal pay scale for GS 11-14. Military remain active duty 
LIVE Now: Science briefing on the  mission. Watch amp; use  for questions: 
TODAY: We're talking  science live at 1pm ET. Question? Use  Watch: 
LIVE NOW: reddit AMA on the ISS_Research behind the  mission. Join amp; ask Qs: 
TODAY: We're hosting a reddit_AMA at 11am ET on the science behind the  mission 
Historic  homecoming featured on our weekly Space_Station update. Question? Use  
See the next Space_Station cargo launch from FL! Apply to attend a  on March 22: 
Upcoming total solar  is a moment in the Suns atmosphere packed with science: 
On Snapchat? Check out today's Live Story about StationCDRKelly's "Return to Earth" amp; add NASA to get space snaps! 
JSalata Not quite. Crew on Space_Station have access to live programming at certain times amp; can request shows be uplinked, too. 
We're taking today's  Out of this World! Here's a beautiful view of Earth's aurora from the Space_Station: 
Far out! NASA_Hubble breaks cosmic distance record by measuring farthest galaxy ever seen: 
 He's home! StationCDRKelly arrived in Houston early this morning after a  Hugs all around. 
AngryBirds welcomes StationCDRKelly back to Earth with a special  tournament: 
nicoleashley09 Thanks for exploring the Live Story! 
LoganCabanas Snapchat Indeed. There are three humans living amp; working on Space_Station right now. 3 more launch soon for a crew of 6. 
VivianneSRF Our username on Snapchat is NASA. Follow us! 
astraficionado StationCDRKelly Our username is NASA on Snapchat. 
On Snapchat? Check out today's Live Story about StationCDRKelly's "Return to Earth" amp; add NASA to get space snaps! 
StationCDRKelly is home after a historical  Hear his 1st thoughts, plus hear from DrBiden amp; others: 
And the man of the hour, StationCDRKelly! It's the first time he's seen his family in almost a year.  
After living a  StationCDRKelly lands in Houston, his home. Watch live now: 
LIVE NOW: StationCDRKelly's Houston homecoming after a  Watch: 
Update: StationCDRKelly's plane now expected to land at 2:30am ET. Watch live:  
Homecoming to Houston for StationCDRKelly after a  Watch live at 1:35am ET: 
DrBiden tours NASA_Johnson w/ Astro_Kjell while awaiting StationCDRKelly's return to Houston, set for 1:50am ET 
Update: StationCDRKelly's plane now expected to land at 1:50am ET. Watch live:  
After a  StationCDRKelly returns to Houston! Watch live at 12:40am ET: 
Today, POTUS called StationCDRKelly, en route home to Houston after a  
StationCDRKelly just returned from a  Discover the science behind his mission 
During StationCDRKellys  he racked up some pretty cool firsts. Take a look: 
Spacecraft carrying  crew seen above the clouds as it approached landing site: 
How does StationCDRKelly feel after spending a  He explains in this interview: 
 StationCDRKelly returned to Earth last night after spending a  Details: 
Two thumbs up from StationCDRKelly after landing from his  More photos here: 
Welcome home StationCDRKelly! Your  helps ensure humans are go for our  
New views of the reentry of the  crew earlier returning to Earth from Space_Station: 
StationCDRKelly happy to be back on Earth after completing his  mission on Space_Station 
After 340 days in space, StationCDRKelly is back on Earth from his  mission. 
And touchdown! Welcome home StationCDRKelly, officially back on Earth after spending a  
LANDING ALERT StationCDRKelly to touchdown on Earth at 11:25pm ET after  Watch 
mrsdeatons1st Yes. We'll have video replays up later tonight. Glad you want to share. Do you follow NASAedu for educational opportunities? 
sarahosaurus Want to work for NASA? Here's where you start: 
jadair4 You can see where the Space_Station is right now over the Earth from our partners esa: 
CCornaga While astronaut applications closed last month, we still have tons of other NASA jobs. Start here: 
KILLSON13 Landing is set for 11:25pm EST tonight. Tune in and watch online at 
JordynnNicolee If you get NASA TV you can. If not, we stream NASA TV online at 
kerberpr Thanks! Glad you are enjoying following along tonight. 
elecommunicate The struggle is real. Have a good day at work and hope you can watch our recap afterwards. 
chewknocka Our public affairs officer Dan Huot is providing commentary tonight. We're glad you are enjoying it. 
MoAljebreen You can watch the landing live on NASA TV online at 
ChrisPetry We'll bring you all the live views that we have. Tune in now at 
daniaal_03 It'll be in 35 minutes from now, at 4:25am your time. Watch: 
TheBrandPolicy That's right. astro_tim, astro_timpeake amp; Yuri Malenchenko remain on the Space_Station. Details: 
almamaay Want to work for NASA? Here's where you start: 
BarbLegere His official bio is here: [PDF file] 
MamaZohal Landing is set for 11:25pm EST tonight. Watch live online at 
mrodriguez_15 Landing is scheduled to the southeast of Dzhezkazgan, Kazakhstan at 11:25pm EST. Watch live: 
HeyChimpie Thanks for pointing out our mistake. The right link is 
Jordyn13Wright StationCDRKelly Landing is set for 11:25pm EST. Hope you can join us. Watch NASA TV live online: 
mayanaem It's a matter of hours. Undocking from Space_Station was at 8:02pm EST and landing on Earth is set for 11:25pm EST. 
J_Bart_Altman Yes! We're streaming live now on NASA TV online at Hope you can join us amp; watch. 
WheelsMPEP SteveGrzanich We're live now. Hope you can see StationCDRKelly's landing at 11:25pm ET. Watch: 
lauratrent10 Astronauts are able to cast ballots amp; vote from space. This explains democracy in orbit from 2004: 
jillb_chicago We'll bring you all the live views we can get. Watch online at 
See what happens from deorbit burn to landing for the spacecraft carrying StationCDRKelly.  
lalalalaurs NASA TV will air it live as it happens if it's available where you are. Otherwise, we stream online at 
almamaay You can watch live now online at 
LIVE NOW: Landing coverage of  spacecraft carrying StationCDRKelly from  
Engineerisaac Our coverage resumes at 10:15pm EST. Hope you can join us to watch. Tune in online at 
Recovery teams are in position around StationCDRKelly's landing zone as he returns from a  
keslerjr StationCDRKelly You can watch live on NASA TV online at 
Coming home! StationCDRKelly lands at 11:25pm ET from  Coverage at 10:15pm: 
TheGutenator46 Yes it is. Hope you can join us later tonight for the landing! 
christielee008 Hope you are able to join us to watch! 
FordSquared Live coverage starts at 10:15pm EST on NASA TV online at 
RebeccaBallou StationCDRKelly Landing is scheduled for 11:25pm EST tonight. Watch live on NASA TV online at 
After a  StationCDRKelly lands at 11:25pm ET. What's that like? Astro_Kjell explains the 'wild ride.' 
Undocking complete at 8:02pm ET! StationCDRKelly is on his way home from a  
LIVE NOW: StationCDRKelly undocks from Space_Station after spending a  Watch: 
Watch live coverage of StationCDRKelly's  undocking starting at 7:45pm ET: 
LOrion NASA TV coverage of undocking begins at 7:45pm EST. Watch online at 
gopherhound You can watch undocking starting at 7:45pm ET online at Details/full schedule: 
happygaby StationCDRKelly Thanks for joining us! 
Tonight, StationCDRKelly returns from a  Ten things to know about his mission: 
Be amazed! See the best pics from StationCDRKelly's  He returns at 11:25pm ET. 
Hatches closed at 4:43pm ET.  crew will undock amp; depart Space_Station around 8:05pm ET. 
LIVE NOW: StationCDRKelly says farewell to crew amp; Space_Station, his  home: 
Watch live coverage as StationCDRKelly returns from his  starting  4:15pm ET 
Rokingm Astronauts are able to cast ballots amp; vote from space. This explains democracy in orbit from 2004: 
kath_ebooks Yes, astronauts vote from space. Here's a look at democracy in orbit from 2004: 
b0bdog Check out the link, which has complete NASA TV coverage times. You can watch live at 
It's  for us, too. StationCDRKelly returns from his  at 11:25pm ET 
Salomelugard StationCDRKelly Pics aren't stopping. There's more astronauts on Space_Station. Follow this list: 
In honor of StationCDRKelly's  return today, highlights from his social media: 
Today, StationCDRKelly returns home to Earth. Here are crazy facts about his  
derekb67 We asked on Facebook, too. Check it out: 
pavaneegiroti NASA_Marshall Don't fret! There are more astronauts on Space_Station. Follow this list: 
Byrdsview2020 mirikramer We'll have live coverage on NASA TV amp; online. Here's the details: Hope you can tune in! 
HenriHelvetica StationCDRKelly You can watch all the coverage of landing live on NASA TV amp; online. Here's details: 
LaserBeam46 StationCDRKelly There is no shower in space. AstroKarenN shares how she washes her hair in this vid: 
ScantyBat StationCDRKelly Crew on Space_Station have access to live programming at certain times amp; can request shows be uplinked, too. 
Dempsey StationCDRKelly Astronaut AstroKarenN shares how she washes her hair in space in this video: 
ChernoAlpha42 StationCDRKelly Yes, there will be live coverage on NASA TV amp; online. Here's the details: 
DES8821 StationCDRKelly Yes! We'll be streaming it live on NASA TV amp; online. Here's the details: 
Astronaut StationCDRKelly returns today from a  What would you be excited for upon returning home? 
Whats up for March? Find out what you can see in the sky this month: 
Our efficient amp; environmentally friendly X-planes will be 'seriously cool' via FastCompany 
Astro_Tim takes command of the Space_Station. StationCDRKelly returns to Earth tomorrow: 
LIVE NOW: StationCDRKelly passes over command of Space_Station to Astro_Tim. Watch here: 
Watch as StationCDRKelly passes over command of Space_Station to Astro_Tim at 3:10pm ET: 
Our New Aviation Horizons initiative is a 10-year plan to build experimental aircraft. Info: 
POTUS' FY17 budget proposal aims to build a clean transportation system for 21st century: 
Weve awarded a contract for preliminary design of low boom flight demonstration aircraft: 
We stand on the cusp of a new era in aviation thats cleaner, quieter and even faster: 
Watch live as the WhiteHouse hosts  kickoff, featuring NASA + other fed labs: 
gods_hacker Great question! It has to do with the time it takes Earth to rotate around the sun. Details here: 
Happy  Do you know why Feb. 29 only comes around every 4 years? Find out: 
Thanks for joining us as  was up for  awards. We're on a  
Set in the future,  is up for awards at the  See real future innovations: 
Best supporting planet goes toMars! Explore our  taking humans there:  
It's  night! Our  will take humans to the Red Planet like  
itssbee_ Not quite...but there are veggies being grown on Space_Station to help us prep for our  
You may be watching  but our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is watching the Red Planet: 
It's  night! In  our rover is a lifeline. See all our robotic explorers: 
It's  night! Eons ago, Mars was very different than it is today or in  
Think you've got the Right Stuff? We've got openings in a wide variety of jobs: 
It's  night! How did Mars become the arid planet it is today? MAVEN2Mars found out: 
It's  night! Mars was source material for  Get to know the Red Planet: 
It's  night! As  is up for awards, we're taking a look at Mars. Explore: 
It's  night! Watch  director Ridley Scott talk about our  
It's  night!  is up for awards. There are NASA TIE-ins, Tatooine amp; Droids: 
It's  Day! Matt Damon travels to Mars in  movie. Watch him talk about our real  
It's  Day!   highlights real NASA_Technology from our  
Clear skies? Find out when amp; where to look up to  flying over you: 
Life-detection drill in Earths driest place tests hypothesis on Martian life. Details: 
After a  StationCDRKelly returns to Earth on Tuesday. Watch live coverage: 
Wheres my data? What is done to keep track of NASANewHorizons treasure of information: 
Sometimes our sun observing spacecraft's view is blocked by the Earth or moon: NASASunEarth 
Our NASAAero budget proposes new era in aviation thats cleaner, quieter amp; faster:  
Join Space_Station scientists amp; doctors for Reddit_AMA on  March 4 at 11pm ET 
High school culinary teams vie to have their dishes sent to the Space_Station. Details: 
What will the crews control system look like on NASA_Orion spacecraft? It's in development 
The historic Space_Station  ending on Tuesday, has been a mission of numbers. Watch 'This Week NASA.' 
Blue bubble encircling a sparkling star is a nebula that formed 20,000 yrs ago NASA_Hubble 
NYTimes featured 12 Instagram pics from StationCDRKelly's  See them all: 
Our science command post at NASA_Marshall supports StationCDRKelly's  
El Nio caused a shift in rain patterns in areas across the globe this winter. Take a look: 
More particles stream in through a long, skinny swath in the sky than elsewhere. See why: 
Cue the confetti! StationCDRKelly will return to Earth Tuesday after a  aboard the Space_Station. 
Hard at work, Mars Opportunity rover examines rocks in challenging terrain: MarsRovers 
You've never seen Pluto like this! Enhanced color pic shows ethereal scene w/ frozen canyons 
Green lights of an aurora were captured by Astro_TimPeake as Space_Station passed through: 
Lunar exhibit w/ LRO_NASA images at AirAndSpace Museum in Washington, DC beginning Feb 26: 
Magnetic field lines of 3 active regions interacted with each other: NASASunEarth 
Our cooperative East Asia field study advances ability to monitor air pollution from space: 
StationCDRKelly returns from  on March 1. Coverage begins Feb 29 at 3:10pm ET: 
Low-frequency gravitational waves could soon be detectable by existing radio telescopes: 
Ever used a GPS? Our satellite data provides the foundation for these navigation tools: 
You too can  flying overhead in the night sky. Find out when to look up: 
Aboard JAXA_ens Hitomi spacecraft is a NASA-developed instrument to study black holes: 
Are you a coder? Help us improve the 3-D vision of AstroRobonaut on Space_Station: 
Our satellites capture false-color pics to investigate shrinking ice fields of Patagonia: 
Why do 3/4 of Space_Station astronauts experience vision changes? Fluid Shifts Study is investigating to find out: 
Lots of our NASA_Technology has transformed into commercial products. See how many you use: 
Spiffy! Wait, are you flying to Space_Station amp; no one told us? It's a 6-month mission. You'll miss the  
Varying surface temps on Saturns moon Titan can be seen here at 2-year intervals. Details: 
Tropical Cyclone Winston hit Fiji and our satellites provided data before amp; after landfall: 
Star Trek Replicator Challenge aims to educate K-12 students on 3-D printing amp; engineering: 
What should you know about the solar system this week? Lets start with these 5 space robots 
New Earth science small satellites will help improve understandings of our home planet: 
Global Hawk aircraft could help make extreme West Coast weather predictions more accurate: 
Reports state 'newly declassified' Apollo 10 audio reveals spacey music. Nope-publicly available since 1973. Facts 
Three of Saturns moons  Tethys, Enceladus amp; Mimas  are visible in this CassiniSaturn pic 
Youve probably seen our retro travel posters, but here they are explained. Take a look: 
Deep in the heart of Californias Owens Valley, a telescope is listening for echoes of distant stars. Discover why: 
Bon apptit! High school culinary students compete to have dishes sent to Space_Station: 
Happy Birthday to twins StationCDRKelly amp; ShuttleCDRKelly, one on Earth and one in space: 
Ahead of todays  NASCAR driver Carl Edwards stopped by our Kennedy Space Center in Florida for a tour: 
It's a diamond in the dust! NASA_Hubble spots a young forming star is its adolescent phase: 
POTUS budget proposes a new era in aviation thats cleaner, quieter amp; faster. Details: 
 in 1962, John Glenn became the first American to orbit the Earth Video on 'weirdest' training for his flight. 
Our flying telescope SOFIAtelescope began its 4th series of astronomical science flights: 
Light-toned deposit spotted in an elongated pit on Mars believed to be the mineral jarosite: 
This week: Admin Bolden thanked NASAAmes. POTUS' budget proposal will help make aviation greener, safer amp; quieter. 
Send your artwork to an asteroid on our OSIRISREx spacecraft! Use  Details: 
Set your alarm! See rare 5 planets in the pre-dawn sky Saturday. Use the moon as your guide: 
Six NASA researchers are recipients of PECASE award for early career scientists amp; engineers: 
More than 18,300 people applied to  what? Navigate the selection process: 
Working on designing airliners of the future: via ABC7NewsBayArea with NASA Admin Bolden 
Space flowers? Yup! StationCDRKelly harvested zinnias on Space_Station this week. See what else the crew was up to 
Record number of Americans applied to  amp; contribute to our  
The  cargo craft successfully released from Space_Station at 7:26am ET. Will burn up in Earths atmosphere 
Watch live as OrbitalATK  cargo ship departs from Space_Station starting at 7am ET: 
Possible ancient ocean on Plutos 'Hulk-like' moon Charon may have caused it to expand: 
Only 2 more days to spot 5 planets in the pre-dawn sky. Set your alarm and check them out!: 
LISTEN NOW: StationCDRKelly is hosting a 2-hr ThirdRockRadio program from Space_Station: 
Get an inside look at StationCDRKellys  Tune in to ThirdRockRadio at 5pm ET: 
Rotation of a planet 170 light-years away measured by observing its atmosphere: NASA_Hubble 
Our new telescopes view will be 100x bigger than Hubble. NASAWFIRST to launch mid-2020s: 
Meet our new telescope! NASAWFIRST will help unlock the secrets of the universe. Details: 
Want to  The deadline for applications is TODAY! Apply here: 
Satellites arent small or cheap, or are they? See how smartphones are used in satellites: 
What kinds of crops could be grown in space or on another planet? Our research seeks answers 
We spotted clouds of solar material suspended over the suns surface. More: NASASunEarth 
Get an inside look at StationCDRKellys  - Feb. 18 at 4pm ET on ThirdRockRadio 
ICYMI: JAXA_en launched Hitomi, a new X-ray space observatory that will study black holes: 
Although it will land on land, BoeingDefense tested their Starliner spacecraft in water: 
NOW: Ask two astronauts about what its like to  Deadline to apply is Thurs.: 
Join AstroDuke amp; Astro_Jessica at 1pm ET amp; ask Qs about what its like to  
Congratulations JAXA_en on the successful launch of ASTRO-H! Learn about the mission: 
Live Now: Launch coverage for JAXA_en's ASTRO-H black hole mission: Liftoff set at 3:45 ET. 
Today: JAXA_en will launch a black hole observatory at 3:45am ET. See our contribution: 
Tomorrow, JAXA_en will launch a space observatory to study black holes. Watch at 3:45am ET: 
Want to work at NASA? Students, recent grads, professionals and astronauts. Check it out: 
How do we study flowering plants in space? We grow a control batch on the ground. Details: 
Distant black hole jet is being illuminated by oldest light in the Universe. Find out more: 
Alex_Rosie_25 You can watch it live here: 
New JAXA_en observatory that will study black holes is set to launch tomorrow at 3:45am ET: 
Saturns razor-thin rings seem to cut the moon Dione in two in this view from CassiniSaturn 
You can  in the night sky! Find out when Space_Station is flying over you: 
Are you applying to  Heres some practical advice from Astronaut Stan Love: 
In honor of  heres the Washington, DC area as seen from Space_Station: 
Apply to host 2016 SpaceApps Challenge in your city. Deadline for applications is Feb. 24: 
 AstroSerena answered Qs on twitter about what its like to  Recap: 
Happy  In honor, here's the Washington Monument during a total lunar eclipse: 
And on this  Day, let's not forget Pluto's big heart: NASANewHorizons 
Happy  Day. Share 'The Rose,' a spinning vortex of Saturn's north polar storm: 
Imagination is our window into the future. Download space tourism posters to 14 alien worlds 
Forget the florist. Give your special someone a 'rose' made of galaxies on  Day! 
Happy Valentine's Day from Mars! A heart-shaped feature was captured by our Mars Orbiter: 
Celestial  Generations of stars can be seen in this wispy star-forming region: 
Love story at the smallest scale: particles of light can be intimately linked:  
Just in time for Valentines Day, zinnias growing on the Space_Station will be harvested: 
LIVE NOW: First ever tumblr  from Space_Station. Ask StationCDRKelly your Qs: 
On Tumblr? Join StationCDRKelly at 1:45pm ET for 1st ever  from space. Ask Qs: 
It's been another busy week for us. Watch now to get a recap from around the agency. 
Join StationCDRKelly tomorrow at 1:45pm ET as he hosts first Tumblr  from space 
Silent for 7 months, ESA_Rosetta's Philae2014 comet lander faces eternal hibernation: 
lornawilkinson This great tool can help you find out when the Space_Station is flying over your area: 
LIVE NOW TweetChat with AstroSerena on what its like to  Were accepting applications until Feb. 18 
What is it like to be an astronaut? Ask AstroSerena today at 3pm ET during her TweetChat. Use  for Qs 
This cosmic snapshot captures the icy blue wings of a planetary nebula within the Milky Way: 
What do nutrition amp; genetics have in common? They may be linked to vision problems in space: 
On Space_Station, the sun sets 16 times a day. We're studying the impact on astronaut sleep. Q? Use  
It may look like art, but this map is helping us understand geological processes on Pluto: 
Want to  Apps close Feb. 18! Join AstroSerena's TweetChat tomorrow at 3pm ET to ask about the job. 
okgo used a parabolic aircraft for a music video. Same type we use for training amp; research 
How do increases in water storage on land impact sea level rise? New study tells us: 
 scientists discovered Einsteins gravitational wavesbut what are they? Find out here: 
We have a diverse workforce helping our missions of exploration and discovery:  
Scientists have detected Einstein's gravitational waves using  observatory. Details: 
Meet the four women astronauts who can't wait to go to Mars: Via glamourmag  
Today's the International Day of  Get a glimpse of our talent:  
Detailed maps of natural landscapes could help better predict climate change. Find out how: 
TsMarinov We hope to develop an aircraft that would be quieter, more efficient and environmentally friendly. 
Dont forget to find out whats up this month. Discover when and where to look up: 
Cloud streets, long parallel bands of cumulus clouds, can be seen over the Sea of Okhotsk: 
Our NASA_Orion crew module begins preparation for 1st mission atop NASA_SLS rocket in 2018 
Piloted, electric propulsion-powered experimental aircraft is underway. Details: NASAAero 
 NASA Admin Bolden discussed the  today. Watch his full remarks here: 
Our journey of exploration continues. Join us as we reach for new heights and reveal the unknown.  
POTUS' FY17 budget gives $790 million to our aeronautics amp; future of flight:  
Admin Bolden sees   Commercial_Crew capsule NASA_Langley:  
See how FY17 budget proposal supports our missions of exploration and discovery  
The future of flight is coming. Investing in greener, quieter amp; safer aviation:  
The state of our NASA is strong. - NASA Admin Bolden, closing his  address 
We are transforming aviation by making it greener, quieter and more efficient:  
We're developing the capabilities needed to send humans on a   
Our tech supports the nations economy by creating benefits for life on Earth:  
The Space_Station enables research amp; technology that benefits exploration:  
We use the vantage point of space to increase understanding of our home planet:  
Were answering key Qs about our home planet, neighboring planets and beyond:  
LIVE NOW: Administrator Charles Bolden shares the  Watch on NASA TV: 
Want to hear about the  Watch live on NASA TV at 1:30pm ET: 
Watch our  event at 1:30pm ET: Our budget documents: 
What is the  Watch Admin Bolden share remarks live on NASA TV at 1:30pm ET: 
TODAY: Watch live as NASA Admin Bolden shares the  at 1:30pm ET on NASA TV: 
Why do global temps remain stable in the long run unless pushed by outside forces? New study 
As a low pressure area continued to intensify off the US East Coast, we gathered data. Info: 
Our solar system is huge, let us break it down for you. Here are 5 things to know this week: 
Tomorrow: Watch live as NASA Admin Bolden shares the  at 1:30pm ET on NASA TV: 
Saturns moon Tethys appears to float between two sets of rings in this CassiniSaturn view: 
Coldplay is playing at  but their music is also playing in this awesome video of StationCDRKelly  
In honor of the  halftime show amp; BrunoMars, here's planet Mars.  
Panthers amp; Broncos play football, but here are sports played on Space_Station  
Who are you rooting for this  If Panthers, RT this nebula with their team colors.   
Who are you rooting for this  If Broncos, RT this nebula with their team colors.   
While we don't yet know the winner of  see space views of championship cities from 1967-2015!  
Whats the best way to throw a football? It's a lesson in aerodynamics:  
Satellite captured  area from space! Zoom in. Can you find Levi's Stadium? 
Did you know Space_Station is about the size of a football field? Facts:  
Look up amp;  in the night sky! See when Space_Station is flying over you: 
Spending time in space can cause blood cell changes. A new study hopes to minimize effects: 
Want to  Submit your application by Feb. 18 for an out of this world job: 
Ion propulsion is being used for a variety of missions, but what is it? We explain it here: 
What did you do this past week? We fired thrusters on our way to Jupiter for NASAJuno. Watch amp; discover more! 
We're saddened by the loss of Apollo 14 astronaut Edgar Mitchell. We salute you: 
Were teaming up w/ NOAA to take a closer look at this years El Nio storms. See how: 
Galactic merger! 30 million light-years away, two or more galaxies merge: NASA_Hubble 
mrcollin955 The length and width of Space_Station is about the size of a football field! Here are more details: 
A Russian  African-American History Month amp; more on weekly Space_Station update. Qs? Use  
Pluto's water ice hills float in a sea of frozen nitrogen amp; move over time like icebergs: 
xInterceptorx This mirror isnt magicits science! Check out all the amazing things it will do: 
tmazoe This plane is battery powered. It can take off like a helicopter and fly efficiently like an aircraft. 
goommibear123 The Juno spacecraft is on its way to rendezvous with Jupiter! You can learn more here: 
For 10 days, the US has been hit by extreme weather events amp; we've been watching from space: 
Mirror, mirror, on the wall, final NASAWebbTelescp mirror has been installed. Details: 
Take a 360 video ride with our 10-propeller Greased Lightning plane! Start your flight: 
Fire the thrusters! NASAJuno continues to Jupiter after path adjustment for July 4 arrival: 
MaNcHeStErMaN88 Heres a green water bubble in space: 
flaqueEau Cosmonaut is what the Russians call their astronauts. 
dwhite191 These small satellites are each about the size of a large shoebox. Learn more about them here: 
Could GPS help give more accurate amp; timely info about earthquakes? Were testing to see: 
Jet of particles blast from a black hole at center of this galaxy into intergalactic space: 
LIVE NOW: Coverage begins for Russian  on Space_Station. Watch here: 
Tune in: 7:30am ET to watch 2 Russian cosmonauts perform  on Space_Station. Info: 
Tomorrow, watch live as 2 Russian cosmonauts perform  NASA TV begins at 7:30am ET 
Appearances can be deceiving. Saturns rings continue to surprise scientists: CassiniSaturn 
APPLY NOW to get an inside look at a NASA center near you at our Feb. 9  event: 
Discover what the 13 experiments hitching a ride on NASA_SLS rocket will do: 
How will NASA_SLS rocket transport small satellites during its 1st mission in 2018? Watch: 
LIVE: See what experiments NASA_SLS rocket will carry on 1st mission in 2018. Qs?  
You can explore the solar system right from your home! Discover how amp; start your journey: 
bigzy786ma It's real picture taken by our CassiniSaturn spacecraft using a spectral filter which admits wavelengths of near-infrared light 
SunGireesh Great! Well keep it updated for you. 
Roope00 Happy birthday!!! Hope its out of this world (pun intended)! 
How do we transport the NASA_Orion spacecraft for final assembly? The Super Guppy aircraft: 
Behold, Saturn seen in wavelengths of light that are absorbed by methane in the atmosphere: 
Apply to attend our  event on Feb 9 amp; go behind the scenes at NASA:  
Whats up for February? Discover what celestial objects you can see in the sky this month. Watch here: 
Could science behind autonomous robotic vehicles help make a cup of coffee better? Find out: 
Could a cell phone-sized device be used for high-speed, laser-based communications? Find out 
Misbehaving spiral galaxy has intense radio jets spewing out from its center. Details: 
Were hosting a  event Feb 9. Apply to attend at a center near you:  
Mars in 360! Explore Namib Dune amp; see what our MarsCuriosity rover sees, in 360 degrees: 
Want to  Applications are open until Feb. 18. Here are 5 signs youre ready: 
In natural disasters, it's critical to find areas needing help fast. Damage maps may help: 
Behold! First look at Plutos atmosphere in infrared wavelengths, taken by NASANewHorizons: 
What happened This Week NASA? Key work completed on our  we honored 'Day of Remembrance' amp; more. 
Art of the selfie perfected by our MarsCuriosity rover w/ this new pic at a Martian dune: 
Where's the water ice on Pluto? False-color pic from NASANewHorizons shows us: 
Could you live in an isolated habitat for 30 days in the name of science? These 4 people are 
Want a close-up of dwarf planet Ceres? Flyover craters amp; mountains w/ NASA_Dawn spacecraft 
A new way to launch satellites, fire science amp; more on this weeks Space_Station update. Qs? Use  
Were hosting a  event Feb 9. Apply to attend at 1 of our centers:  
Monstrous cloud launched from our galaxy is like a boomerang, returning in 30 million years: 
For Day of Remembrance, Admin Bolden amp; Deputy Admin Newman laid wreaths at ArlingtonNatl: 
Today, as we remember all who we lost, we mark a somber 30-year anniversary  the loss of space shuttle  
POTUS honors the legacy of those who lost their lives helping America touch the stars: 
On Space_Station, the crew marks a moment of silence to remember those who gave their lives for space exploration. 
Today, we pause to remember our fallen heroes of the Apollo 1,  amp; Columbia crews: 
Four parachutes unfurled high above the desert as SpaceX tests Commercial_Crew landings: 
Wondering what the Space_Station crew is up to? Heres an update from 250 miles above: 
For its  NASA_Orion spacecraft needs state-of-the-art welding. Discover how: 
How do we install 18 mirror segments onto our NASAWebbTelescp? With robotic arm precision: 
kai_bach The astronauts currently on Space_Station are sharing amazing pics everyday. Follow them here: 
altonbrown Why yes, we could use your skills, but space food isn't that bad. Take a look at what astronauts eat: 
Have you heard? You can apply to  Visit USAJOBS now for details: 
BradMorton8 Heres an in-depth look at the potential Planet 9 youve been hearing about: 
Dazzling lights of the Mediterranean were captured by Astro_TimPeake from Space_Station: 
How much CO2 do icy Antarctica waters lock away? New field campaign will help us understand: 
Low gravity is no illusion on Space_Station. 5 fun things we can do without it:  
Earth is covered by 71 ocean. Even tiny changes can impact climate amp; weather.  satellite helps collect data 
Galaxy clusters help us understand dark matter, a mysterious unseen cosmic phenomenon: 
This month you can catch a rare sight in pre-dawn sky. Here are 5 things to know this week: 
As part of its trek to fly over Saturns poles, CassiniSaturn executes 2nd of 5 maneuvers: 
Still snowed-in from  Check out our post-storm views of snowfall amp; winds: 
Why does StationCDRKelly cross his arms? The answer is in this recap of his Reddit_AMA: 
Surface of Enceladus, one of Saturns moons, is covered by wrinkled terrains and bright ice: 
Snow from  can be seen in this natural-color satellite pic of Washington, DC: 
Weird fact of the day: We use fish on Space_Station to understand bone loss in microgravity 
Dancing aurora lights seen from Space_Station as it passes over the Pacific Northwest: 
NASANewHorizons' scientists use pics like this to map parts of Plutos largest moon Charon 
How do space gardens grow? The Veggie facility helps plants flourish in weightlessness: 
This nighttime view shows historic blizzard as it moved north of Mid-Atlantic at 1:55 am ET: 
For ping pong on the Space_Station, all you need to do is: add water! Watch as StationCDRKelly enjoys a game 
Early bird getsto see planets. Now until Feb. 20, 5 planets to be visible in pre-dawn sky: 
LIVE: Ask a Q of StationCDRKelly right now in NASA's first Reddit_AMA from Space_Station: 
A rebel galaxy that is not in the usual elliptical shape is spied by NASA_Hubble. Details: 
lauriehhogan Indeed. Cmdr_Hadfield is with csa_asc. Today is NASA's 1st Reddit AMA from Space_Station w/ StationCDRKelly. Join us! 
Hooberbloob That's an AMA by csa_asc's Cmdr_Hadfield. Today is NASA's 1st Reddit_AMA from Space_Station w/ StationCDRKelly. Join us! 
TODAY at 4pm ET: Join StationCDRKelly for NASA's 1st ever Reddit_AMA from Space_Station: 
Satellites captured the massive  storm continuing to pummel the US East Coast: 
What happened This Week NASA? Oceanography satellite mission launched, 2015 global temperatures announced amp; more! 
 is hitting much of the mid-Atlantic amp; were keeping track from space. See how: 
Our supercomputers NASA_NCCS crunched the data to show the cloud flow of  
CBSNews You're welcome! Check out this supercomputer model that shows the flow of  
Join StationCDRKelly for our 1st ever Reddit_AMA from Space_Station at 4pm ET Saturday: 
JRandall_000 We have video of that too! Take a look, its really awesome: 
Intense  also caused severe weather in Gulf Coast. Satellites see extreme rain: 
Dazzling diamond-like stars glitter in our galaxy. NASA_Hubble unveils cluster Trumpler 14: 
Were watching  from space. Here's a new satellite view from 2:35am ET today: 
Magnetic field lines create a tangle of arches snaking through the sun's atmosphere Jan 8-9: 
Flowers bloom amp; new science is underway as we look at this week on Space_Station. Watch amp; ask Qs w/  
What happens when you spend 300 days in space? Today is that day for StationCDRKelly: 
We're working to fight cancer with microgravity research on Space_Station. More:  
kobe_baller_24 You can watch Jim Green, Director of Planetary Science, on the topic of Planet 9 here: 
nomoah2 You want to learn how to grow plants in space? Heres Space Gardening 101: 
CheetahPizzas Yes! Weve already selected the first astronauts to fly commercial. Get to know them here: 
Are you monitoring the winter storm thats headed for the eastern US? We are! Updates here: 
LIVE NOW Reddit Science Qamp;A w/ NASAGISS scientists. Ask Qs on 2015 warmest year on record: 
jesslynnrose teabass Indeed. We have a whole site full of open source code: 
countvonkit Eziekbby Looking for the sounds of space? Visit our Soundcloud amp; turn up your volume on these sounds: 
Bundle up! Satellites see large winter storm headed for Eastern US. Heavy snowfall expected: 
2015 was the warmest year on record. Have Qs? Ask us at 1pm ET during a Reddit Science Qamp;A: 
Astronauts had an historic vegetable moment when they ate salad made from lettuce grown on the Space_Station. 
Commercial_Crew will return human launches to American soil. Here are its goals for 2016: 
Jaysmithjay StationCDRKelly Space_Station Pretty cool, right? Learn more about space gardening here: 
Grahamszs StationCDRKelly Awesome! Hopefully you wont have to use plant pillows like they do on Space_Station: 
bluebird350 Sekhmet_12th StationCDRKelly Correct! Not the 1st in space, but the 1st flower grown in the Veggie facility on Space_Station 
Did you read about a new planet in our solar system? Is  real? Our head of Planetary Science discusses. 
Administrators of NASA + NOAA discuss today's announcement of new 2015 record warmth: 
Earth has a long-term warming trend amp; 2015 temps were the warmest on record. Find out more: 
At 11a ET: NASAGISS scientist discusses 2015 global temps amp; hottest year on record. Listen: 
Earths 2015 surface temps were the warmest since modern record keeping began in 1880: 
noitsjustsam It's not weird. We're glad you found our website educational. Please visit often! 
From Jupiter to Pluto, here are 5 things to know about the solar system this week: 
How do we protect our technology in space from harmful radiation? The Van Allen Probes help: 
tomstok61 The temperature at the suns core is about 27 million degrees Fahrenheit! Find out more fun facts here: 
After some tending by StationCDRKelly, the zinnia flowers have bloomed on Space_Station: 
SMILEmom79 Our Solar Dynamics Observatory is watching amp; recording data on the sun. You can see updated imagery here 
Ten years ago  NASANewHorizons launched on a destiny to its July 2015  
AthenaStamos We actually have an awesome Earth Science experiment called CATS - the Cloud-Aerosol Transport System: 
With 200+ episodes amp; counting, see all the NASAScienceCast videos: What's your favorite? 
Janus amp; Tethys, 2 of Saturns moons, show the main difference btwn small amp; large satellites: 
Our Administrator amp; others pitched in this  at a school. See how you can volunteer: 
NASA_Hubble saw this "red amp; dead" elliptical galaxya product of two galaxies colliding: 
NASASunEarth saw a dark solar filament above the sun's surface erupt in December: 
A 'dart' descended from the desert skies as we complete testing of NASA_Orion's parachutes: 
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way" Explore how on  
What's one of the most predictable impacts of strong El Nio? Rainfall change over Indonesia 
In-depth analysis of the out-of-season tropical cyclone Alex. Details: NASA_Rain 
Final close flyby of Saturn's moon Enceladus, CassiniSaturn revisited mysterious landscape: 
 satellite in orbit to monitor sea level rise! Solar arrays deployed amp; power positive 
After a successful launch,  spacecraft has separated amp; is flying free. Watch live: 
And we have liftoff of the  satellite to monitor sea level rise. Watch: 
All teams polled GO! We are set for a 1:42pm ET launch of the  satellite. Watch live: 
Weather is 100 go for a 1:42pm ET launch of  Fog is not a constraint. Watch live: 
 international oceanography satellite mission launches at 1:42pm ET: NOAASatellites 
Fog shrouding Space rocket is expected to burn off prior to  1:42pm ET launch: 
Why is  important? Our chief of science SciAstro explains. Watch live coverage now: 
Launch Day! At 1:42pm ET,  satellite launches to measure sea level height. Live now: 
LIVE NOW: Launch coverage of  ocean-monitoring satellite. Liftoff at 1:42pm ET. Watch 
Each month we highlight a different research topic on Space_Station. January's is nutrition 
Weather forecast remains 100 favorable for launch of  sea level satellite tomorrow: 
Galactic mega-merger seen by NASA_Hubble is slowly evolving into a giant elliptical galaxy: 
 sea level satellite launches tomorrow! Watch live on NASA TV at 11 a.m. EST: 
Cascading magnetic arches can be seen as a small eruption takes place on the sun  
Our satellite data is being used by ranchers in Australia to monitor land amp; manage resources 
Weekly Space_Station update: Key research studies, a  and more! Watch and ask Qs using  
What did CassiniSaturn spacecraft see in the Saturn system throughout 2015? Heres a recap: 
What happened this week NASA? New Space_Station cargo contracts,  ends early due to leak, and more! 
Haze in bands of blue are layers in Plutos atmosphere, captured by NASANewHorizons: 
LIVE NOW: Briefing on  sea level measurement NOAASatellites. Watch: Q?  
TODAY: Briefing at 7pm ET on  which launches Sunday. Watch live: Question?  
We do not tolerate sexual harassment. Our administrator is sending a letter to grantees on federal polices:  
 2006, our Stardust mission carrying cometary amp; interstellar samples landed in Utah: 
With the repressurization of the airlock, today's  officially ended at 12:31pm ET. 
Today's  has ended early. The crew was never in any danger. Listen to the NASA TV commentator for details. 
As a precaution,  terminated due to small amount of water in Astro_Tim's helmet. 
Watching today's  Veteran spacewalker Astro_Wheels is answering Qs. Use  
Meanwhile, 250 miles above the Earth, 2 humans are on a  making repairs. Live now: 
Spacewalk Fact: Astro_Timpeake first "official" British astronaut to  Watch now: 
On Space_Station, Astro_Tim amp; Astro_Timpeake spacewalk at 7:55am ET. Watch live at 6:30am 
Alex, first hurricane to form in month of January since 1938, is thriving in North Atlantic: 
We're firmly on track to returning U.S. human spaceflight to U.S. soil with Commercial_Crew 
Since 2012, our commercial partners have delivered more than 35,000 pounds of cargo and counting to Space_Station! 
We develop 1600 technologies per year amp; work with businesses to transfer to market for jobs+growth. NASA_Technology 
In nearly every state, Americans are working on our commercial space initiatives at more than 1,000 companies. 
We're building a robust commercial market in space. Our administrator's blog on the future: 
Three commercial companies' spacecraft will deliver critical cargo to Space_Station. More: 
Bright future! We selected OrbitalATK, SNCspacesystems amp; SpaceX to deliver Space_Station cargo from 2019-2024. 
LIVE Now: Our announcement on the future of Space_Station cargo transport. Watch: 
We're reflecting on progress made in commercial space endeavors over the recent years. Follow along as we look back. 
Possible ice volcano spotted on the surface of Pluto from NASANewHorizons composite image: 
We're making a major announcement today at 4pm ET on Space_Station cargo transport: 
493 million miles from the sun, NASAJuno spacecraft is most distant solar-powered explorer: 
Astro_Timpeake preps for Fridays  with a final suit fit check on Space_Station 
Did you know that Earths gravity field can be used to create maps of ocean floor? See how: 
The "...spirit of discovery is in our DNA." - POTUS  
During 2015  StationCDRKelly was asked by POTUS to Instagram his  Follow 
What tasks are planned for Fridays  Watch NASA TV at 2pm ET for a preview: 
Are these bright spots just like the others? Young crater deposits will be a target of study 
Earth-imaging satellites used to help make better predictions about weather amp; future crops: 
Starburst pattern seen on Mars surface. Every spring, beautiful terrains erode. See why: 
Mighty Saturn, about 10 times larger than Earth, dwarfs its moon Tethys, seen lower right: 
'And the stars look very different today.' RIP David Bowie. In Honor, Cmdr_Hadfield's version of Space Oddity: 
RT astro_timpeake: Saddened to hear David Bowie has lost his battle with cancer  his music was an inspiration to many. DavidBowieReal 
In honor of   win, well, here's Mars! We're on a real  
Congrats Matt Damon on  win for  Learn about our  
New satellite instruments will offer better imaging amp; coverage for more accurate forecasts: 
Live HD Earth viewing from the Space_Station! Sit back, watch amp; enjoy our home planet: 
Witness History: Apply for our Jan 25  in Md amp; learn about NASAWebbTelescp: 
What processes take place in Plutos frozen plains? A NASANewHorizons scientist explains: 
Want to  in the night sky? Find out when Space_Station is flying overhead: 
Student-built experiment installed onto OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will travel to astroid Bennu: 
Preparing for a  plumbing repairs amp; haircuts onboard the Space_Station this week 
Do you want a job thatll push you to reach new heights? Apply now to  
Were working w/ automakers Nissan to develop driving tech that could also be used on Mars: 
New discoveries, which ranged from runaway stars to a burping galaxy, are highlighted on 'This Week NASA.' 
How is the El Nino weather phenomenon impacting California? Satellite animation shows storms over the past 3 days. 
Happy Birthday, David Bowie! Here's a throwback to Cmdr_Hadfield's version of Space Oddity from the Space_Station: 
See NASAWebbTelescps massive mirrors being built! Apply for our Jan 25  in Md: 
This spiral galaxy hosts a supermassive black hole that's also super-hungry: NASA_Hubble 
Happy 74th Birthday, Stephen Hawking! Your work has changed the way we view the universe: 
Prep for first  of 2016, important science amp; more on weekly Space_Station update. Qs? Use  
Telescope sharpens vision for most detailed census of the sky yet made at extreme energies: 
X marks the spot on Plutos surface, which seems to act like a lava lamp: NASANewHorizons 
Spending time in space can cause changes in biological clocks amp; circadian rhythms. See how: 
Reddish deposits seem to 'go with the flow' on Pluto's surface. Details: NASANewHorizons 
Behold the most massive young galaxy cluster found in early universe. Clues how they form: 
LIVE NOW: Use  to ask a question to the next crew launching to Space_Station. Watch 
Watch on NASA TV at 2pm ET as the next Space_Station crew talks to media. Qs? Use  
Would you go to Mars? Meet the four women astronauts who can't wait to go: Via glamourmag 
Very little coral reef area has been studied scientifically. A new survey will change that: 
dancingpilot NASASocial NASAWebbTelescp Sorry. The form is now live and open. Apply here: 
0101Blahkat0101 NASAWebbTelescp Whoops. It's live now. Apply here: 
radbcc NASAWebbTelescp Sorry. The form is now live. Apply here: 
Apply for a  Jan 25 to see NASAWebbTelescp's massive mirrors being built in Md: 
Study shows link between nutrition, genetics amp; vision changes in Space_Station astronauts: 
Need some perspective? Here are 7 amazing space facts that will make you feel very small: 
Snow capped mountains from Space_Station display all the beauty, but none of the chill: 
Countdown to March Space_Station launch for Astro_Jeff: talks to media at 2pm ET Thurs: 
Eta Carinae, the most massive stellar system within 10,000 light-years, may have twins: 
New Years resolutions to exercise more? See how astronauts stay fit on the Space_Station: 
When some speedy, massive stars plow through space, infrared waves mark their paths: 
Could aircraft soon use electric power instead of carbon-based fuels? Yes! See how NASAAero 
Can black holes burp? ChandraXRay sees powerful blasts produced by supermassive black hole: 
Hey Adele, MarsCuriosity says "hello from the other side" of a Martian dune. Luckily, it didnt take a 1000 tries: 
The strong El Nio brewing in Pacific Ocean shows no signs of waning. See why: NASAEarth 
LIVE NOW Ask NOAA amp; NASA scientists about new ocean monitoring satellite in a Reddit_AMA 
Andromeda galaxy is a neighbor to our Milky Way, amp; we now we have a high-energy X-ray view: 
Jason-3 set to launch Jan. 17. Qs? Ask NOAA amp; NASA scientists at 2pm ET in a Reddit Qamp;A: 
Whats on the other side of a Martian sand dune? Our MarsCuriosity rover checks it out: 
Could our research save airlines billions? Yes, thanks to new green-related NASAAero tech: 
Have big plans this week? Bet they dont include preparing for a  
Snowstorms, tropical storms, typhoons, hurricanes amp; floods. A look at 2015 storms NASA_Rain 
What looks like a pair of satellites near Saturn is actually a trio of moons: CassiniSaturn 
Whats up for January? A meteor shower, a binocular comet and the winter circle of stars! 
Want to  in the night sky? Get alerts when the Space_Station flies over you: 
What do you want to accomplish in 2016? Take a look at our plan for the year ahead: 
Want to  We're hiring. Applications are now open. Apply today on USAJOBS: 
What ISS_Research happened this week on Space_Station? Our Weekly recap breaks it down: 
Do you want to  Here are a few signs that youre ready to apply: 
Space-time is much less foamy than some models predict. Take a trip into the world of quantum physics for details: 
Our solar system has areas waiting to be explored. Here are a few things happening in 2016: 
Want a regular dose of space delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up for updates here: 
Whats up for January? A meteor shower, a binocular comet and the winter circle of stars! 
Crew on Space_Station see a spectacular lights display as they orbit Earth 16 times everyday (music by Yanni) 
What do you want to accomplish in 2016? Take a look at our plan for the year ahead: 
Happy New Year from NASA! 2015 was incredible and we can't wait to show you what we have in store for 2016. 
NASA_Technology is all around: turns trash to oil, saves lives amp; puts bubbles in beer: 
Need some inspiration for the New Year? Here are 10 awe-inspiring photos from our Instagram 
Happy New Year to the people of Earth! From StationCDRKelly, Astro_Tim amp; Astro_TimPeake on Space_Station 
Up late to ring in a Happy New Year? Search the Eastern sky for a view of a fuzzy comet: 
Rocking into 2016? Tune to ThirdRockRadio, your space station powered by NASA! Listen: 
Clear skies in your area? Look up and  Find upcoming opportunities here: 
In 2015, we explored our solar system, researched on Space_Station, studied Earth amp; more: 
Want to spot a comet on New Year's Day? Search the Eastern sky for a view of a fuzzy comet: 
What do you want to accomplish in 2016? Take a look at our plan for the year ahead: 
Need some inspiration for the New Year? Here are 10 awe-inspiring photos from our Instagram 
NASA_Hubble sees 2 galaxies merging into a single structure, 230 million light-years away: 
USPS 2016 stamps are out of this world w/ Pluto amp; NASANewHorizons + solar system amp; more: 
Want to see how space tech is being used in everyday life? Check out the latest Spinoffs: 
Astro_TimPeake captured this breathtaking pic of the Alps from Space_Station on Dec. 27: 
Do you LOVE space? Here are 5 signs that you might be ready to apply to  
The still-growing El Nio shows no signs of waning. Learn about the impact this could have: 
Is it possible to recreate muscle capability for use in prosthetics? ISS_Research is helping us find out. Watch: 
Did you know that NASA is with you when you fly? Here's our 2015 aeronautics innovations: 
In 2015, we explored our solar system, researched on Space_Station, studied Earth and more: 
Reading the ABCs from space. Weve used our imagery to spell out the entire English alphabet 
We learned a lot about our solar system in 2015, take a look at some of the highlights: 
Saturn's moon Dione shows off beautiful wispy terrain alongside of Saturn's elegant rings: 
Inside a huge cleanroom, the NASAWebbTelescp takes shape with half the mirrors installed: 
Using color to look at Pluto can help make new discoveries, like that of water ice. See how: 
Satellites collect data on a powerful storm in the Central United States. Take a look: 
Astronauts on Space_Station have a great view of Earth. See 2015's best astronaut pics: 
A boulder-covered landslide along a canyon wall on Mars is seen in this HiRISE image: 
Clear skies in your area? Look up and  Find upcoming opportunities here: 
Need a new phone background? Here are ten awe-inspiring space photos from our Instagram: 
Ice on Earth or a pic of Mars? How well do you know your space photos? Take this quiz: 
Want a regular dose of space delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up for updates here: 
ICYMI NASA_Dawn spacecraft sent 1st pics from its best-ever viewpoint of dwarf planet Ceres 
Do you want to  Here are a few signs that youre ready to apply: 
Want to  in the night sky? Get alerts when Space_Station flies over you: 
Crew on Space_Station see a spectacular lights display as they orbit Earth 16 times everyday (music by Yanni) 
In 2015, the Space_Station saw 7 spacewalks, 8 cargo ships amp; 450 experiments. Catch up on  
While you enjoy holidays on Earth, take a look at how theyre celebrated on Space_Station: 
Did you get a new smartphone or device today? Download our free e-Books amp; enjoy the read: 
New smartphone or device? Download the NASA app for your regular dose of space: 
From the entire NASA family, robotic and all, we wish you Season's Greetings: 
How might your holidays be similar to crew on Space_Station? Our latest Tumblr explains: 
On Christmas, your belly wont be the only thing thats full. Rare full moon will be visible 
Impress your friends w/ this space-themed holiday song about Pluto the Small Dwarf Planet: 
 Christmas Eve 1968, the Apollo 8 astronauts broadcast a public message to Earth from lunar orbit. NASAHistory 
Think your neighbor has the best holiday decorations? Check out these celestial light shows: 
 Watch NASAKennedy camera views as 1st stage of SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket returns to Earth for a safe landing 
Best wishes and happy holidays from the Space_Station crew, 250 miles above the Earth traveling at 17,500 mph. 
Enjoy a full moon this Christmas! Last one was 1977, amp; there won't be one again until 2034. 
Are you one of 5.8 million Americans flying during the holiday? We're with you when you fly: 
First work platform for our NASA_SLS rocket installed in the VAB building at NASAKennedy: 
On Christmas Eve, an asteroid will safely fly past Earth at a distance of 6.8 million miles: 
How does the immune system change during space flight? ISS_Research hopes to find out: 
How do flowers grow in space? Zinnia flowers are grown on Space_Station to find out: 
Docking of the Progress cargo vehicle to Space_Station confirmed at 5:27am ET: 
Final approach for the Progress cargo spacecraft has started. Watch live on NASA TV: 
LIVE NOW: Watch as the Russian Progress spacecraft is docked to Space_Station: 
Our Commercial_Crew Program made critical progress in 2015 to soon launch ppl from US soil: 
Watch live on NASA TV as Russian cargo spacecraft docks to Space_Station tomorrow at 5am ET 
How do we detect external leaks on the Space_Station? A new tool will help: 
Holiday decorations from space! See five celestial light shows that are out of this world: 
How much methane is escaping in the Arctic? New study says it's likely higher than estimated 
After cruising in its lowest amp; final orbit at dwarf planet Ceres, NASA_Dawn sends us pics: 
LIVE NOW: Media teleconference to provide details on our decision to suspend NASAInSight March 2016 launch. Listen: 
We're suspending the planned March 2016 launch of our NASAInSight mission to Mars. Details: 
Crew waits for Christmas delivery after Astro_Tim amp; StationCDRKelly's  Monday: 
Full moon this Christmas is very rare. The last time was 1977, amp; the next time will be 2034: 
What happened This Year NASA? Heres a look at some of the top stories from 2015: 
CassiniSaturn spacecraft transmits data from final close flyby of Saturns moon Enceladus: 
Congratulations SpaceX on your successful vertical landing of the first stage back on Earth! 
Just in time for wrapping holiday gifts, chandraxray finds a remarkable galactic ribbon: 
Enceladus, one of Saturns moons, displays the contrast between its older amp; newer terrain: 
Our camera onboard the DSCOVR spacecraft is providing unique views of our  Learn more: 
How well do you know Venus? Here are a few fun facts that might surprise you:  
Have Qs about  construction of NASAWebbTelescp? Join our Reddit Qamp;A  2pm ET: 
With hatch opening, StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim reenter Space_Station. Spacewalk details: 
Today's spacewalk comes to an end for StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim at 11:01am ET, after 3hrs, 16mins spent outside 
StationCDRKelly wears a spacesuit with red stripes, while Astro_Tim wears a spacesuit with no stripes 
Not just another day in the office for 2 astronauts as they spacewalk. Watch: 
Today's spacewalk will have 2 astronauts move a stalled robotic transporter. Details: 
With spacesuits on battery power, spacewalk begins ahead of schedule at 7:45am ET. Watch: 
Inside the airlock, StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim work to begin today's spacewalk. Watch: 
2 astronauts suit up for spacewalk this morning to move stalled robotic transporter. Watch: 
Astro_TimPeake amp; Volkov_ISS assist spacewalkers StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim in the airlock this morning 
StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim prep to venture outside Space_Station for todays previously unscheduled spacewalk 
LIVE NOW: Spacewalk coverage begins for 2 Space_Station astronauts this morning Watch: 
Preps underway for 8:10am ET spacewalk from Space_Station. Live TV starts at 6:30am ET: 
LAUNCH of Progress craft w/ 3+ tons of food, fuel amp; supplies for Space_Station. Watch: 
LAUNCH ALERT: Under 2 mins to launch of Progress cargo craft to Space_Station. Watch: 
The Progress cargo craft has 3+ tons of food, fuel amp; supplies for Space_Station. Watch: 
LIVE NOW: Coverage of 3:44am ET launch of Progress cargo craft to Space_Station. Watch: 
 finds new uses on planet Earth, from gas leak detectors to flood warning systems: 
Cargo spacecraft set to launch to Space_Station on Mon., Dec 21 at 3:44am ET: 
Is a Drone on your holiday list? We're helping better integrate drones safely into the skies 
College researchers test prototype spacesuit to see how it might perform on another world: 
Monday morning spacewalk by StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim given a 'go' for 8:10am ET start: 
See how NASANuSTAR can peer inside doughnut-shaped disks that encircle massive black holes: 
NASA_Hubble checks out globular cluster Terzan 1, a home for old stars 20k light-yrs away: 
What challenges must be overcome to build a spacesuit capable of withstanding the harsh environment of space? Learn: 
Join the NASAJuno virtual imaging team! Help identify images JunoCam will take at Jupiter: 
Earth is surrounded by electrons that can disrupt our technology. We're monitoring to better understand. Watch: 
OSIRISREx will return an asteroid sample to Earth amp; create 3D maps w/ laser-based tool: 
Mission investigating cosmic mysteries of dark matter amp; dark energy is ready to take shape: 
np74656 NASAInSight Excellent! Glad to have you on board. 
missAileenB NASAInSight Good to hear! Glad to have you on board. 
Berit4Berit NASAInSight We're glad to have you on board. 
SatwikChalasani NASAInSight if you think you submitted your name, you can search for it here: 
826,923 names are now boarding our NASAInSight lander as it shipped to the launch site: 
 small moon, Nix, lights up details about its geologic history amp; impact record: 
Today at 12:49pm ET CassiniSaturn to make final close flyby of ocean-bearing moon Enceladus 
NASA_Hubble found what looks like a cosmic lightsaber in our Milky Way galaxy:  
Is the Force strong in you? We're seeking sky walkers to join astronaut alliance:  
Here's 8  worlds that are strikingly similar to real planets we've discovered: 
The (astronaut) application awakens! Here are 7 reasons you should applyin  terms: 
The Force will soon be felt 250 miles above Earth on Space_Station with astronauts seeing  soon: 
NASA amp;  the connections are strong in this one from TIE-ins to Tatooine amp; more: 
We ordered 2nd BoeingDefense mission to fly astronauts to Space_Station: Commercial_Crew 
Our  tracked a 150lb asteroid piece become a bright fireball over the GA skies: 
A unique look at Earth in this composite image from LRO_NASA's vantage point of the moon: 
dems59 It is. Challenging to fit everything we saw, explored amp; discovered in 2015 to just 5 words. Appreciate you following along. 
Tinnvec It was hard to slim down everything we saw, explored amp; discovered in 2015 to just 5 words. Thanks for following! 
 Pluto. Mars Water. Year (in) Space. Follow us as we explore the universe amp; discover our home planet 
Prep underway for unplanned spacewalk /StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Tim no earlier than 12/21: 
Researchers presented dozens of new science findings at  this week. Look back: 
NASA_MMS data collected already helps our understanding of the Earth's space environment: 
Tune in live at for Space_Station update. 
3 new arrivals to the orbiting lab amp; more on our weekly Space_Station update. Q? Ask using  
The (astronaut) application awakens! Here are 7 reasons you should applyin  terms: 
112 yrs ago when 1st flight occurred, skies weren't crowded. Help w/ today's crowding skies: 
MarsCuriosity has found silica, and lots of it! Learn why this is puzzling to scientists: 
Less than halfway through transmitting  data amp; we've already learned so much: 
Could a rocket engine be built through 3-D printing tech? We've moved closer to finding out: 
AnneMareeGibson PaulMcCartney This is a view of the Milky Way from 3 of our observatories: 
PaulMcCartney We know you've been 'Across the Universe', too. It's pretty amazing, isn't it? 
NASA_Hubble found what looks like a cosmic lightsaber in our Milky Way galaxy:  
Whats the force of a meteoroid when it strikes our moon? NASALADEE mission data shows us: 
LIVE NOW: Astro_Kjell is home from Space_Station amp; taking your Qs on Facebook! Ask here: 
Astro_Kjell is home from Space_Station amp; is taking your Qs at 11:45am ET on Facebook: 
Climate change is rapidly warming lakes. Find out how this impacts freshwater ecosystems: 
On Dec. 19, CassiniSaturn will make a final close flyby of the ocean-bearing moon Enceladus 
Unlikely pair of satellites made by 2 rival universities, to be released from Space_Station 
How will future quakes affect the Himalayan landscape? Studies of Nepal quakes could tell us 
Our sats help us study the impacts of El Nio from space. Learn more about  
A sounding rocket is set to launch this month to study the Great Barred Spiral Galaxy: 
Training astronauts in simulated environments helps our  See how: 
NASA_Technology is all around: turns trash to oil, saves lives amp; puts bubbles in beer: 
Our announcement about 'Water on Mars' made Googles 2015  list. Take a look: 
Earth is already feeling the strongest  since 1997-1998, shows NASA data:  
How well do you know Neptune? Here are a few fun facts to use at your next trivia night: 
Whats a blazar? Its a black-hole-powered galaxy and can be detected by our Fermi Telescope 
jongedominee Indeed. NASAKepler has found a planet outside our solar system that orbits two stars: 
NASA amp;  the connections are strong in this one from TIE-ins to Tatooine amp; more: 
Our Chief Technologist on  Working Off Earth to Save Millions of Lives On It 
 in 1965, Gemini VII amp; VI completed first-ever rendezvous between 2 spacecraft in orbit: 
How does the atmosphere affect satellites? A satellite's last days help us calculate: 
Welcome to Space_Station! astro_tim, astro_timpeake amp; Yuri greeted as they open the hatch at 2:58pm ET 
The Space_Station crew awaits hatch opening and to welcome the three new members to orbit: 
LIVE NOW:  hatch to be opened and crew welcomed to Space_Station. Watch on NASA TV: 
Tune in again at 2pm ET for live coverage of  hatch opening on NASA TV: 
The  is confirmed to have docked with Space_Station at 12:33pm ET 
We have received a go for final approach to Space_Station. Just minutes away from docking 
External cameras from Space_Station have spotted the  Watch docking live on NASA TV: 
The  has almost caught up w/ Space_Station, and is expected to dock around 12:24pm ET 
LIVE NOW: Coverage of  docking to the Space_Station. Watch on NASA Television: 
How does this years El Nio event impact  Satellite data shows the results: 
A beautiful look by NASAHQPhoto of the 6:03am ET  launch carrying three new crew members to Space_Station 
Crew is headed to Space_Station. Tune back in at 11:45am ET for coverage of  docking: 
Crew is now safely in orbit and heading to the Space_Station. Docking expected around 12:24pm ET. 
View from Space_Station of the just-launched  spacecraft. Watch live: 
All remains good for Astro_Tim, Astro_TimPeake amp; Malenchenko as they ride to Space_Station after launch 
LIFTOFF! The  has launched and three humans are now on their way to Space_Station: 
LAUNCH ALERT: At 6:03am ET/11:03 UTC, 3 humans launch to Space_Station. Watch live: 
Ahead of the 6:03am ET launch of 3 new crew to Space_Station, see some of the benefits of the orbiting outpost: 
Want to stay updated on the crews work once on Space_Station? Follow astro_tim and astro_timpeake 
The Space_Station is a unique orbiting laboratory that brings together many nations to live amp; work in space: 
Crew aboard  ready for 6:03a ET/11:03 UTC launch amp; 6-hr ride to Space_Station. Watch: 
What ISS_Research is being brought to Space_Station with this mornings launch? Find out: 
Curious about how the  launch works? Here's a quick look at the rocket amp; journey to Space_Station: 
LIVE NOW: Watch as three humans launch to Space_Station aboard the  spacecraft: 
Tomorrow, 3 new crew members launch to Space_Station. Watch live on NASA TV at 5am ET 
Like a cosmic bulls-eye, Enceladus amp; Tethys line up for CassiniSaturns cameras: 
Foutographe This pic shows Astronaut Franklin R. Chang-Daz during a spacewalk to perform work on the Space_Station. 
Our NASA_Hubble amp; NASAspitzer telescopes help solve mystery about hot Jupiter-like planets 
The_Graph237 Our EPIC camera that is onboard NOAAs DSCOVER observatory. Learn more here: 
LIVE NOW: Reddit_AMA on how to  Join in and ask your questions: 
Want to  but have Qs about the process? Join our reddit_AMA at 4pm ET to ask 
What fingerprint do humans leave on global air quality? Satellite maps show changes:  
Taking pics of Earth every 2 hrs, EPIC camera will give new insights on our changing planet: 
A Geminid meteor streaks the skies of Tuesday's launch site of three crew to Space_Station: 
We'll be presenting new findings on Earth, Mars, sun amp; the moon at theAGU  this week: 
Do you want to  Here are a few signs that youre ready to apply: 
Want to  We're hiring. Applications are now open. Apply today on USAJOBS: 
What is the  meteor shower all about and how do you view it? Here's the details: 
LIVE NOW: Our experts answer your Qs about tonight's  meteor shower: Use  
Join us for tonight's  meteor shower! Our experts answer  Qs 11pm-3am ET: 
The  meteor shower peaks starting tonight. Here are a few fun facts: 
2 Nodes  hitched a ride to Space_Station, where they will be deployed in early 2016. Find out why: 
Rocket carrying Astro_Tim, Astro_TimPeake amp; Malenchenko to Space_Station rolls to launch pad ahead of Tues launch 
This spiral galaxy seen by NASA_Hubble has a superficial resemblance to an atomic nucleus: 
Join us for tonight's  meteor shower! Our experts answer  Qs 11pm-3am ET: 
It's time for Antarctica's anticyclone to send 2 of our science balloons flying in circles: 
Our   amp;  made it into Facebooks Year in Review 
Our  was featured on Twitters list of Most Influential moments in 2015!: 
Our Tumblr was recognized as one of 2015s new and notable Tumblrs! Start following us: 
Some of our images were selected as TIMEs Best Space Photos of 2015. Check it out: 
The  game is today and NASA_Astronauts are excited to cheer on their teams: 
12 most impressive 2015 Gov't successes? NASANewHorizons amp; astronaut social made the list: 
Is it Earth, or the Red Planet? Find out how well you know your space photos with this quiz: 
What happened This Week NASA?' Annual Invention Challenge at NASAJPL, a Space_Station cargo delivery amp; more! 
ICYMI: Today, a trio of Space_Station crew safely returned home after a 141-day mission: 
Our Commercial_Crew astronauts saw the site where they'll one day launch to Space_Station: 
We lost comms w/ a sun orbiting spacecraft in 2014. See how scientists plan to get it back: 
The Geminid meteor shower peaks this weekend starting on Dec. 13. Here are a few fun facts: 
Weekly Space_Station update: Cargo ship arrived, Crew returned to Earth amp; more! Watch amp; ask Qs using  
Jason-3, a satellite that will measure ocean surface height, to launch Jan. 17, 1:42pm ET: 
MarsCuriosity is studying first dunes ever visited on a planet besides Earth. Take a look: 
Welcome home Astro_Kjell! 
Astro_Kjell Lindgren seen shortly after landing upon return from Space_Station amp; having spent 141 days in space: 
The trio of Space_Station crew landed at around 8:12am ET, returning to Earth after 141 days in space. 
Following a deorbit burn completed at 7:23am ET, the  is on a trajectory to return to Earth amp; land at 8:12a ET 
Here's an overview of this morning's landing of three crew members returning to Earth from the Space_Station: 
LIVE NOW: 3 crew members return to Earth from Space_Station, landing at 8:12am ET. Watch: 
RobertsJos The Space_Station operates on Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). 
ergulmehmet Information on submitting an unsolicited proposal to NASA is available here: 
Ryancristovel Possibly. Applications open Dec 14 for the next group of NASA_Astronauts. Get details: 
RainSoakedScott After undocking, it'll be about a 3-1/2 hour ride to return to Earth. Watch landing at 7am ET: 
reachthesoul NASA TV is available on some cable/satellite TV services. We also stream for free on our website: 
alexbiebricher Space_Station It's three crew members -- Astro_Kjell, Astro_Kimiya amp; Oleg Kononenko. 
mungaloo Space_Station Glad you are enjoying. Hope you'll be able to join us for the landing on Earth. TV starts at 7am ET. 
890553bfa967450 Space_Station It's a 3-1/2 hour ride back to Earth inside the  spacecraft. 
See Space_Station crew land on Earth at 8:12am ET. Watch on NASA TV starting at 7:00am ET: 
Watch as the  undocks at 4:49am ET/9:49am UTC from Space_Station with a trio heading home to Earth: 
LIVE NOW: Exp. 45 crew members undock from the Space_Station. Watch: 
Tune in again at 4:30am ET to watch the Exp. 45 trio undock and land in Kazakhstan: 
The hatch is closed at 1:32 am ET. Crew will depart from Space_Station around 4:30am ET: 
Watch as the Exp. 45 trio move into the  spacecraft and prepare for departure: 
LIVE NOW: Exp. 45 crew members prepare for their departure from the Space_Station. Watch: 
Astro_Kjell, Astro_Kimiya amp; Kononenko return to Earth from Space_Station tomorrow: 
What does Plutos heart look like up close? Latest pics show an intricate pattern of pits: 
Did you hear? New studies have clues about the mysterious bright spots on dwarf planet Ceres 
Pluto was ready for its close-up during the July flyby amp; now we have those pics in color! 
A jellyfish in space? Not quite, but this Jellyfish Nebula resembles the sea creature. More: 
Three Space_Station members are returning to Earth Fri.! Watch on NASA TV starting  1am ET 
A tiny star, but a giant storm. Could this star have a raging Jupiter-like storm? Find out: 
Look at these swirling Phytoplankton blooms in the North Atlantic, seen by NASANPP: 
LIVE at 9:45am ET: Arctic changes impact us all on  Learn more:  
Arctic changes impact us all on  Learn more on Thur 12/10 at 9:45a ET  
Ever seen a launch in 4K Ultra-High Def? Experience the  launch in its full glory: 
This pic taken on orbit by Astro_Kimiya from Space_Station shows Venus from afar: 
Congratulations JAXA_en on successfully sending the Akatsuki spacecraft into Venus orbit! 
skyart66 It'll have better resolution amp; faster scans, providing more detailed amp; accurate data for forecasters 
KatyLShepherd We have a large number of intern opportunities. Find them all listed with application deadlines at 
albert12nunez Want to work for NASA? Here's where you start: 
Dzzynuts Astronauts keep in touch regularly with home and family in space using videoconferencing capabilities. Helps avoid homesickness. 
What are the bright spots on dwarf planet Ceres? New studies give us a better idea. Details: 
The future of forecasting is scheduled to launch Oct. 2016. Learn about the GOES-R satellite 
 berthing to Space_Station is complete at 9:26 am ET. Crew expected to open the hatch early Thursday morning 
LIVE NOW: Coverage of  installation to the Space_Station. Watch on NASA TV: 
 has been captured! Tune back in at 8 am ET to watch Space_Station installation: 
Capture of  confirmed at 6:19 a.m. EST: Space_Station 
Were go' for capture! Watch live as Astro_Kjell uses  to take hold of  
Are you watching? Astro_Kjell is preparing to capture  Live on NASA TV: 
OrbitalATKs  spacecraft is moving toward its capture point. Watch live on NASA TV: 
How do cargo spacecraft like  work? Our Tumblr explains. Check it out: 
It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's  approaching the Space_Station. Watch live: 
LIVE NOW: Watch as Astro_Kjell captures  spacecraft w/  Space_Station 
Watch NASA TV starting at 4:45 am ET as  arrives at the Space_Station tomorrow: 
Check out the details seen by CassiniSaturn on the surface of Saturns moon Prometheus: 
Wonder what space weather was around Pluto during NASANewHorizons  Find out: 
How do we maintain flight safety during research missions? We use our F-15D Eagle aircraft: 
As a unique orbiting laboratory, Space_Station is opening many opportunities for private sector companies. See how: 
Powerful winter storm Desmond dropped record rainfall in NW England. Learn more: 
We've been awarded Best Place to Work in gov't for 4 yrs running:  rPublicService 
Did you miss the close-up views of Pluto? Check out these pics sent back by NASANewHorizons 
The moon Tethys looks dwarfed by Saturn and its rings in this stunning CassiniSaturn image: 
elakdawalla Yes, maneuver has already been performed. However, it takes a few days to estimate/confirm orbit. Follow JAXA_en for updates. 
How do we make a 21.3-foot mirror for NASAWebbTelescp? By installing 18 segments. Watch: 
Onboard  are 2 Nodes small satellites that'll demonstrate comms amp; autonomy. Details: 
Japans Akatsuki orbiter is making a 2nd attempt to enter Venus' orbit today. Learn more: 
 in 1972, Apollo 17 crew caught this view of Earth as they were traveling to the Moon: 
LIVE NOW: Post-launch news conference on OrbitalATKs  spacecraft. Watch: 
 is set to arrive at Space_Station on Wed, Dec. 9. Crew will use  to capture  at 6:10am ET 
What's heading to Space_Station on  right now? Take a look at the ISS_Research: 
At 6:04pm ET, confirmation that the twin solar arrays on  are fully deployed. Next stop: Space_Station! 
See how 2 universities amp; 1 primary school are sending small research sats to Space_Station: 
Miss the launch or want to see it again? Watch as  lifts off today at 4:44pm ET heading to Space_Station: 
With confirmation that the  solar arrays have begun deployment, our coverage will resume at 6:15pm ET. 
58 mins into  mission, all remains nominal. Managers prep to deploy the twin solar arrays at 5:46pm ET 
 team continues to monitor spacecraft heading to Space_Station. Our coverage resumes at 6:15pm ET. 
The  spacecraft has successfully separated amp; is headed to Space_Station. Watch: 
All systems remain nominal w/  now 15mins into its mission to Space_Station. Watch: 
The vehicle makes good progress amp; all remains nominal w/  to Space_Station. Watch: 
The Atlas V rocket amp; Centaur have separated. All remains nominal w/  Watch live: 
Four minutes into flight, all remains nominal w/  heading to Space_Station Watch: 
And we have launch of  to Space_Station. Watch: 
LAUNCH ALERT: All systems go for launch of OrbitalATKs  at 4:44pm ET. Watch here: 
IceflowStudios You might try watching on UStream as a backup: 
judster85 OrbitalATK Space_Station Yes. Watch at 
OrbitalATK's  spacecraft is set to launch at 4:44pm ET to Space_Station with 7,300+ pounds of cargo. 
OrbitalATK's  atop a ULALaunch Atlas V rocket ready for 4:44p ET liftoff. Watch: 
Weather is go on all counts before the 4:44 p.m. EST launch of OrbitalATKs  to Space_Station. 
As we prepare to launch  today at 4:44pm ET, here's a look back at the past 3 days amp; today's weather: 
LIVE NOW: Coverage for 4:44p ET  launch Watch: Latest: 
Launch coverage for OrbitalATK  spacecraft to start at 3:45pm ET. Watch on NASA TV: 
NASANewHorizons camera captures a wandering Kuiper Belt object: 
After decades of uncertainty, LRO_NASA finds Apollo 16 booster rocket impact site: 
Weather for today's 4:44p ET  launch improves to 70 GO. Watch starting at 3:45p ET: 
Look at this composite infrared view of Saturn's moon Titan from CassiniSaturn on Nov 13: 
These are the robots youre looking for. See how robotics on Space_Station help us on Earth 
Launch of  to Space_Station set for 4:44p ET today. Weather is 40 'go.' Latest: 
See how NASA_Orion spacecraft will safely return humans to Earth from their  
Current amp; veteran NASA_Astronauts shared a message with world leaders attending  Watch: 
What happened This Week NASA? A Chat from Space with Congress, Orions Power House and more! Watch: 
New launch time for  is Sun, Dec 6 at 4:44p ET. Weather is 40 'go' for Sunday: 
 launch team deferred today's launch attempt due to expected winds. New launch time is Sun, Dec 6 at 4:44p ET 
Launch of  spacecraft is set for 5:10pm ET with 20 chance of favorable conditions: 
 in 2014 we marked a major milestone on our  with NASA_Orions first voyage to space. Learn more: 
One yr ago today, NASA_Orion endured temps 2x as hot as molten lava during its flight test: 
Whats up for December? View Mars right now amp; prep for even better views in 2016: 
Youve never seen Pluto like this! NASANewHorizons returns sharpest views yet! Take a look: 
One yr ago tomorrow at 7:05am ET, a major  step w/ 1st launch of NASA_Orion: 
Admin. Bolden: We're "uniquely positioned to study our home planet." Read his blog:  
Next launch attempt for  to Space_Station will be tomorrow, Saturday, Dec. 5 at 5:10pm ET. 
UPDATE:  launch scrubbed due to wind violations. Watch as mission manager discusses today's launch attempt: 
Launch Scrub: Todays scheduled OrbitalATK's  launch has been scrubbed from NASAKennedy. 
Launch update: Winds violated launch criteria again and we are back in a hold. Watch: 
Launch of  now set for end of 30 min launch window for today at 6:03pm ET. Watch: 
Launch update: Winds exceeded limits. New  liftoff time is now 6:03pm ET. Watch: 
Launch update: We are no-go for launch. We are back in a hold. Latest on NASA TV: 
LAUNCH ALERT: All systems 'go' for launch of OrbitalATK's  today at 5:48pm ET. Watch 
Launch update: New launch time of  to Space_Station is now 5:48pm ET. Watch: 
Launch update: We are back in a hold. The countdown has been reset for T minus 4 mins and counting... 
Weather is 'go' on all counts 26 minutes before the 5:33pm EST launch of OrbitalATK's  to Space_Station 
OrbitalATK's  spacecraft is set to launch at 5:33pm ET to Space_Station with 7,300+ pounds of cargo. 
LIVE NOW: Watch as OrbitalATK's  spacecraft launches to the Space_Station: 
Want to watch  spacecraft launch to Space_Station at 5:33pm ET? Tune in on NASA TV: 
Like a lighthouse in fog, NASA_Hubble sees this luminous core slowly fade to a dull haze: 
Update: Weather forecast upgraded to 40 go' for todays  launch at 5:33pm ET: 
Scheduled cargo launch, new ISS_Research amp; more on weekly Space_Station update! Watch amp; use  for Qs 
From NewsfromScience: Vote on the scientific breakthrough of the year. Pluto is a finalist. 
OrbitalATK's  cargo ship to lift off at 5:33pm ET today. Weather 30 'go.' Updates: 
From NewsfromScience: Vote on the scientific breakthrough of the year. Pluto is a finalist. 
TONIGHT: Public talk on NASAInSight Mars lander at 10pm ET. Watch amp; chat:  
We found the faintest galaxy seen in the early universe. It existed 13.8 billion years ago: 
Next launch attempt for  to Space_Station will be tomorrow, Friday, Dec. 4 at 5:33pm ET. 
Launch Scrub: Todays scheduled OrbitalATK's launch has been postponed due to inclement weather NASAKennedy. 
Launching on  is a MillikenandCo/@ISS_CASIS experiment to study flame retardant textiles on Space_Station. 
Launch Update:  launch now set for end of window at 6:25p ET. Weather remains concern 
Launch Update: Weather remains the concern. New  liftoff set for 6:10pm ET. Watch: 
Launch Update: New  liftoff time is at 6:03pm ET. Weather remains only concern. Watch 
Today's scheduled 5:55pm ET  launch weather forecast remains at 10 'go.' Watch: 
Today's launch weather forecast for  has been downgraded to a 10 'go.' Watch: 
OrbitalATKs  spacecraft carries the name S.S. Deke Slayton II, a tribute to the Mercury astronaut. 
LIVE NOW: Launch coverage for today's 5:55pm ET OrbitalATK  launch. Watch: 
TODAY:  is set to launch at 5:55pm ET. Watch lve launch coverage beginning at 4:30pm: 
Launch Update: Weather forecast downgraded to 30 'go' for a 5:55pm ET  launch. 
TODAY: OrbitalATK's  spacecraft is set to launch at 5:55pm ET to Space_Station with 7,300+ pounds of cargo. 
theToonGodyes There are economic and broad societal benefits. Learn all about it: 
diyamita Space_Station Check out the station facts page for info on fuels and propulsion: 
AlanGreenDay No, but we are reconfiguring to prepare for the arrival of commercial crew vehicles: 
AlanGreenDay Our Space Launch System rocket is our ride to deep space. Follow engine and rocket development at: 
jacquelineduits Yes, astronauts will receive care packages. The Cygnus max load is about 7,700 lb. 
AlanGreenDay Hi Alan. Best place is to go is for all the tools you need to get your science into space! 
DuckYofDooM A dedicated team plans satellites trajectories\works with flight control to ensure they wont interfere with stations orbit. 
jimmylin1 Hi Jimmy. It varies by investigation, but most receive data, and some researchers get return samples. 
ThomasS63424547 Hey, Thomas. The functions are propulsion, metrology, communications, power, processing, storage and control. 
Cyg-nificant science launching to Space_Station on OrbitalATK's  at 5:55pm ET: 
Its launch day! Heres the rundown of what you should know before liftoff at 5:55pm ET: 
It's launch day! OrbitalATK's  cargo ship to lift off at 5:55pm ET. Weather 60 GO: 
SamyLotmani_ NASAKennedy To deliver cargo to the Space_Station. Follow our blog for more details: 
NASAKennedy is now a multi-user 21st century spaceport for gov amp; commercial customers: 
Robotic arm on Space_Station set for arrival of the  spacecraft, launching today: 
Twas the night before launch... OrbitalATKs  cargo spacecraft is ready for its 5:55pm ET launch tomorrow! 
Today, ulalaunch's  carrying OrbitalATKs  cargo craft rolled to the pad: 
The SOHO mission launched 20 years ago to study the sun amp; its influence out to the very edges of the solar system. 
LIVE NOW: Prelaunch briefing for OrbitalATK Space_Station cargo mission: Q?  
LIVE NOW: Science, Research amp; Tech briefing for the Space_Station cargo mission Q?  
Watch our briefing on the science amp; research launching to Space_Station Thurs: Q?  
We're preparing for the launch of OrbitalATK's  cargo craft to the Space_Station at 5:55pm ET Thursday. 
Today: 20 years in space for the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory, or SOHO: NASASunEarth 
Are you watching? Live now is a  event on tomorrow's  launch: Q?  
LIVE NOW: A  event on Thursday's cargo launch to Space_Station: Q? Use  
TODAY: Watch the  launch preview  event live at 9am ET: Q? Use  
New tool is taking some of the wild out of wildfires, making it possible for fire managers to better spot blazes. 
Tune in tomorrow at 9am ET for a  overview event of Thursday's  launch: 
Research at NASA_Langley could lead to the return of supersonic passenger travel with low boom aircraft.  
Our Commercial_Crew partners to opens unlimited opportunities for future spaceflight. More: 
Experiment launching to Space_Station Thurs will study gravity's effect on gas-liquid flow: 
A group of social media followers is at NASAKennedy today thru Thurs's  launch. Follow along w/  
Bright set of loops spotted after a small eruption upset sun's magnetic field: NASASunEarth 
Teams today gave a GO for Thursday's OrbitalATKs  launch on a ULAlaunch rocket: 
Cyg-nificant science launching to Space_Station on OrbitalATK's  spacecraft Dec 3 
Then amp; Now: Cryogenic testing from 1964 to today amp; NASAWebbTelescp, with minus 434 F temps: 
Congratulations BlueOrigin on your successful launch and vertical landing Tuesday - a historic moment! 
Water World: Saturn's moon Enceladus amp; the rings, captured here by CassiniSaturn: 
LIVE Now: Welcome event for NASA_Orions powerhouse for testing at NASAGlenn: Q?  
TODAY: We mark the arrival of test NASA_Orion powerhouse at 12:30pm ET. Watch amp;  
Did you know NASA_Astronauts applications open on Dec. 14? Here are a few things to know: 
Follow our blog on the latest preps for Thursday's  cargo launch to Space_Station: 
Forecasters are predicting 60 chance of good weather for 5:55p ET Dec 3 launch of  to Space_Station from FL 
StateSC2 NASAWebbTelescp Yes, indeed. Sorry for the error. We have reposted with it fixed. Appreciate you following along. 
MUFColin Indeed. Sorry for the error. We've reposted with it fixed. Thanks for following. 
trottejo NASAWebbTelescp Thanks for pointing out our error. We've fixed it now. Appreciate you following along. 
cheeryk NASAWebbTelescp Thanks! We've fixed our mistake. Appreciate you flagging it for us. 
Our NASAWebbTelescp will see billions of years in the past. Learn more about its features 
We successfully installed the 1st mirror on NASAWebbTelescp, a critical construction step: 
How will we launch humans on our  Here are the ins and outs: 
Is this Mars, or a desert on Earth? Take this photo quiz to test your space photo knowledge: 
A Thanksgiving feast, prep for cargo ship arrival and more on our weekly Space_Station update. Use  
Filmmakers used real NASA imagery in the CineSpace film competition. Check out the winners: 
Local companies like CompassCoffeeDC use NASA_Technology to innovate. Happy  
Did you know that we buy products from small businesses? Including parts used on our Orion spacecraft.  
What happened This Week NASA? Next Space_Station crew preps for launch, climate study and more! Watch here: 
Thanks for joining us for  We'll keep hunting for black holes amp; studying them 
Like small stores w/ big crowds, this small galaxy has a large black hole:  
Shopping bag growing this  Check out this growing black hole:  
Not a  2-for-1 special, but this quasar has a double black hole  
Did  shopping carts collide? When black holes collide, look out  
 tiring? Is it snack time? Here's a black hole eating a star:  
iamlallal This feature is called a jet. Matter from this jet is ejected at light speed, so very fast! 
yummymuscle No light can escape - but before matter falls into the event horizon a black hole, it releases fireworks of Xrays. 
Mr_Bob_FTW Think of a black hole as a singularity of almost infinite density. Wormhole would be a tunnel to another part of the universe. 
Downtowngoose Nothing, not even light, can escape from a black hole. So it all gets swallowed beyond the event horizon. 
BigCatSwox You can think of the blackness of a black hole as a dark sphere, since everything inside that radius is lost forever. 
tommyvlaming Quasar = light emitted from hot material that swirls around a black hole *before* it falls in past the event horizon. 
1199Zizo Its all at the center of the black hole, in a region of almost infinite density. 
NorinradPedro They can turn through a full 180 degrees, and if they pass at JUST the right distance can go into permanent orbit around it. 
Donengene Black holes can evaporate unless fed! This is one of Stephen Hawkings greatest contributions to science. 
keetarpprateek Both are made of matter, but black holes are superdense objects. 
ShreyasD16 Black holes are typically named after the galaxies in which they're located. 
Imagine bracing 20 million mile per hour winds for  shopping!  
Sleeping or feeding? Which kind of black hole are you this   
Black holes may be more baffling than  with distant relatives:  
Its  but for us, its  What does that mean? Find out: 
Hungry on  Big amp; small black holes have simple feeding habits  
Looking for a board game this  Here's a free black hole game:  
Did you know? Since black holes are invisible, spacecraft look at how stars next to black holes act compared to other stars  
Monster deal this  - See a monster black hole artistic pic at:  
Real  Doorbuster: NASANuSTAR sees black hole blow X-ray wind  
Black holes aren't empty holes at all! They're a massive amount of matter packed in a tiny area  
A black hole's pull of gravity is so strong, no light escapes:   
dke007 It's an artist's drawing of a black hole named Cygnus X-1, formed when a large star caved in. 
It's  but for us, it's the 3rd annual  Today, we'll post pics amp; info about black holes 
What does Thanksgiving look like on the Space_Station? Here are some moments. Take a look: 
There are 6 crew members on the Space_Station right now, how do they make Thanksgiving dinner? Check it out: 
Something you probably wont hear this Thanksgiving: Float the salt, please 
Do you like your mashed potatoes rehydrated? Here are some fun facts about space food: 
Happy Thanksgiving from 250 miles above! - StationCDRKelly and Astro_Kjell from Space_Station 
Could the amount of carbon stored by US forests be overestimated? Our new study seeks answer 
This curious galaxy dancing the crazed dance of a galactic merger was seen by NASA_Hubble: 
What dimmed light from star KIC 8462852? A swarm of comets is likely, this study concludes: 
Where did all of Mars carbon go? A new paper offers an explanation of the mission carbon: 
Einstein published his theory of general relativity 100 yrs ago. Learn about its impact: 
Take a look as a former NASA mathematician was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom: 
Former NASA mathematician, Katherine Johnson, set to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom: 
Waitcomets are gassy? NEOWISE mission gives new insights into hard-to-observe comet gases: 
Operation IceBridge completes overlapping campaigns to both of Earths poles: NASA_ICE 
How well do you know your space photos? Take this quiz to find out: 
This winter, we'll launch 2 rockets through the aurora borealis to study our magnetic field: 
What happens when HumansOfNY posts about a kid wanting to grow up amp; report on NASA? Watch his first report: 
How do we make sure new spacesuits are safe? We test them using reduced gravity flights: 
Filmmakers used real NASA imagery in the CineSpace film competition. Check out the winners: 
Astronomers have long hoped to find another Earth-like planet. Has NASAKepler spacecraft found the next best thing? 
Saturn's rings are big amp; often in CassiniSaturn pics, like this pic of Saturn's moon Dione: 
Although we can't see or feel it, scientists think Earth is surrounded by hairy dark matter: 
What should you know about our solar system this week? Here are 5 things: 
Springtime phytoplankton in south Atlantic can be seen on  
How do we measure Earths ozone? Our SAGE III project will provide us with new capabilities: 
See images of a full day of Charon, Pluto's largest moon, captured by NASANewHorizons: 
We're a 'Best Place to Work' in DC says Washingtonian: Join us: 
We're taking the first steps toward air traffic management for drones. Details:  
See how CO2 amp; body fluid shift from being on Space_Station can cause Space Headaches: 
How will aerodynamic forces affect NASA_SLS during launch? Simulations help us understand: 
Young elliptical galaxy seen by NASA_Hubble can give us info about how these objects form: 
Oceans soak up 1/4 of human carbon emissions on  Were studying to see how long that will continue 
What happened This Week NASA? MarsCuriosity gets a close up of active dunes, student-built CubeSats and more! 
Today we ordered first SpaceX mission to fly astronauts to Space_Station: Commercial_Crew 
How is new tech helping us understand the amount of carbon thats absorbed by land on  Find out: 
Do you follow us on Instagram? If not, heres what youre missing: 10 of our top photos: 
Students on Earth can remotely capture pics from Space_Station, like this one of Australia: 
Plutos day is 6.4 Earth days long. See the full rotation captured by NASANewHorizons: 
After being behind the sun since Aug 2014, STEREO-A started sending data at its full rate: 
Reflections on Space_Station amp; more. See what happened on the orbiting lab in our weekly update. Use  
How can we better detect wildfires? These new satellites would improve global fire coverage: 
What happens when you go to space? 7 things StationCDRKelly described in his tweets: 
Engineers refine thermal protection system for NASA_Orions next mission:  
Want to know how the ocean amp; land interact with carbon amp; climate? Watch live at 7pm ET: 
2015 and 1997 El Nios: Is this dj vu or something new? Our satellite data compared: 
Where and when does CO2 get absorbed? Our carbon tracking satellite seeks the answer.  
Plankton: The tiniest of sea creatures. Our 5-year study looks at their immense influence: 
What happened  in 1969? The Apollo 12 Lunar Module landed on the moon. Details:  
In 2010, 33 trapped miners were rescued from a Chilean mine. How we helped:  
How do you reduce the weight of a spacecrafts structure? NASA_Orion engineers found a way: 
Cloudy skies cover the Prince Edward Islands in this satellite image take on Nov. 5: 
Supercomputing power gives us a better understanding of carbons role in Earths climate.  
YawKyei_ Great question! You can learn more about this graphic here: 
What do you know about our sun? Here are some facts that you can use to impress your friends 
 in 2013, MAVEN2Mars was launched. Since, it has helped us learn about Mars atmosphere 
What's our new header pic? It's a supercomputer simulation showing 2 atmospheric CO2 sources 
Benefits for Humanity: Space_Station open to researchers from a range of industries: 
Need space glasses? Researchers are trying to understand why many astronauts on Space_Station report blurry vision. 
2 active regions on the sun sported coils of bundled, magnetic loops over 16 hrs Nov 11-12: 
Launch of OrbitalATK's  on Dec 3 set to bolster Space_Station science amp; supplies: 
Robots will help on our  Two universities awarded prototypes for Ramp;D work: 
Our solar system is pretty big. Here are 5 things to know this week:  
mirikramer - astro_kjell came up w/ it. Water shapes Earth amp; may influence our human exploration options on other planets. Follow the H2O 
Saturns moons Enceladus amp; Dione are made of nearly the same materials, but look different: 
Dark dunes ahead! MarsCuriosity will be the first rover to study sand dunes on Mars: 
Did you know that were with you when you fly? Learn about our advancements in aeronautics: 
Zinnia flowers were activated today amp; could be blooming on Space_Station after the New Year 
Katherine Johnson, to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, led a lifetime of math: 
How do we search for signs of life outside Earth? Chemical Laptop may provide new method: 
Astro_Kjell took this pic from Space_Station of delicate fingerprints of water on sand: 
Our NASAWebbTelescp has completed 2 deployments that will allow it to fold up for launch: 
What happens to the human body on the molecular level while in microgravity? Our  mission seeks answers 
Whats in the sky this month? Heres a guide to everything you can see in the November sky: 
Want a dose of NASA delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up and set your preferences here: 
Starting Dec 14, you can apply to be an astronaut! Before you do, here are 5 things to know 
Planet-finding tech passes hurdle that makes it a stronger contender for a future mission: 
Lonely galaxy appears close to other objects, but is actually in a desolate stretch of space 
What happened This Week NASA? A look at carbon amp; Earth's climate, NASANewHorizons updates amp; more! Watch: 
WT1190F safely reenters  atmosphere amp; provides research opportunity for scientists 
Watch as Lola, a Muppet from PlazaSesamo, and our engineers discuss the importance of math and science education 
Its Friday the 13th, and here are 13 reasons to make it Out of this World! Check it out: 
New observations suggest hints of periodic brightness changes of a so-called active galaxy: 
Prep for cargo delivery, studying liquids amp; more on weekly Space_Station update. Watch amp; use  for Qs 
Admin Bolden stopped backstage at the ColbertLateShow to talk spaceflight amp; Commercial_Crew during his trip to NY 
Westernmost star in Orions belt is actually a complex multiple star system. Learn more: 
Our Administrator is at CFR_org talking about global partnerships. Find out why it matters: 
Major glacier breaks loose from stable position in Greenland. See the impacts of this: 
Illustrator Ralph Butler tells USMint about his Florida state quarter traveling on NASANewHorizons spacecraft 
Want to learn more about the carbon cycle and how human activity impacts it? Start here: 
Our NASAFermi telescope detects the first gamma-ray pulsar in a galaxy other than our own: 
LIVE NOW: Reddit AMA on carbon and  Join our scientists and ask your Qs: 
This false color pic highlights subtle color differences of Plutos regions NASANewHorizons 
Questions about carbon amp;  Join our Reddit AskScience AMA today, 3 p.m. EDT: 
About 1/2 of CO2 emitted by human activities stays in atmosphere. What about the other 1/2? 
LIVE NOW: What is carbons role in Earths future climate? Listen amp; ask Qs using  
What is carbons role in Earths future climate? Listen amp; find out today at noon ET: 
35 yrs ago today, NASAVoyager 1 became the 2nd spacecraft to flyby Saturn. Details:  
Since December 2009, WISE_Mission has observed 158,000 asteroids amp; discovered over 35,000: 
Upgrade to MarsCuriosity helps us study most chemically diverse mineral veins on Mars: 
Winter comes like a lion on Saturn's moon Titan. CassiniSaturn finds monstrous ice cloud: 
NASA engineer helps preserve legacy of Tuskegee Airmen. Details:  
We're in Seattle for a  on our campaign to measure rain amp; snowfall. Follow along! 
Our  campaign in the Pacific Northwest measures rain amp; snowfall to verify NASA_Rain satellite data. 
We're flying through Pacific NW to verify satellites observations of rain amp; snowfall: 
Today we salute the Americans who have served in the military.  
Next OrbitalATK cargo delivery to Space_Station is steadily progressing toward launch: 
Trio of astronauts are cleaning from last weeks  amp; prep for Dec. 3 cargo launch: 
Learn how daily global images from satellites on Space_Station can give us updates on the Earth and its environment 
Mercury appears to undergo a recurring meteoroid shower from debris left by comet Encke: 
Mars moon Phobos is slowly falling apart amp; is expected be pulled apart in 30-50 million yrs 
NASA Admin Bolden sits down with JaredLeto and AOLBUILD to discuss our  
For the 2nd time in a week, a major cyclone moved toward Yemen. Expected landfall is Nov. 10 
We partnered with HarmonicInc to bring NASA TV UHD - widely available at a later date: 
Our NASANewHorizons mission is shedding new light on Plutos fascinating system of moons: 
New tech may help see through the glare of bright star light to help see distant planets: 
A new space telescope will soon peer into the darkness of near space to study dark matter: 
Sedimentary layers and wind-blown ridges spotted on the Martian surface: HiRISE 
Our solar system is huge! Check out our latest Tumblr post for 5 things to know this week: 
Epimetheus, one of Saturns moons, appears to be lurking above the rings: CassiniSaturn 
From possible ice volcanoes to twirling moons, NASANewHorizons reveals more about Pluto 
Active region on the sun erupted w/ 12 events over 30-hr period from Nov 3-5: NASASunEarth 
Glider makes 1st flight! Test could help with future aircraft designs to save fuel:  
josmart2000 Space_Station StationCDRKelly You can watch NASA TV via the NASA App for smartphones and tablets: 
Live HD Earth viewing from the Space_Station! Sit back, watch amp; enjoy our home planet: 
ISS_Research is looking at what occurs when knobs amp; switches in space are replaced by screens with swipes amp; taps: 
Telescope mirrors used to come in one shape: round to fit nicely inside a tube. No longer: 
Want to  in the night sky? Get alerts when the Space_Station flies over you: 
Lenticular galaxies, like this one, are in between elliptical amp; spiral galaxies. Details: 
Looking for something to watch? Curl up on the couch amp; watch The Search for Another Earth: 
A lot has happened since humans began living on Space_Station 15 yrs ago. Year 2000 vs now: 
Using NASA_Landsat images, the SW part of the Greenland Ice Sheet is seen slowing down: 
What happened This Week NASA? Findings on Mars atmosphere, how to  amp; more! 
How do we ship parts of our NASA_Orion spacecraft? The Super Guppy aircraft! Check it out: 
NASASwift Telescope sees 1000th gamma-ray burst - most powerful explosions in the universe 
Space_Station Update: 15th anniversary,  amp; more! Watch amp; ask Qs  
After 7 hours and 48 minutes, Astro_Kjell and StationCDRKelly's  has officially concluded! 
Right now, 2 humans are floating in the vacuum of space, working on Space_Station. Tune in: 
Watch the  Astro_Kjell amp; StationCDRKelly have been hard at work for 4.5 hours: 
Qs on our  Join Facebook Qamp;A w/ CBSThisMorning amp; MAVEN2Mars at 9am ET: 
The  has begun! Watch live on NASA TV and follow Space_Station for updates: 
LIVE NOW: StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell prepare for their 7:15am ET  
Tune at 10pm ET for a live talk about NASAJuno, currently in cruise to  
Peering into the Milky Way, NASA_Hubble finds some of our galaxys earliest homesteaders: 
TOMORROW: StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell perform 2nd  Here are 7 things to know: 
ddubb710 The radiation environment on the surface of Mars is something that we're monitoring with MarsCuriosity 
murmaidsci88 We do know that it had a field because there are parts of the ancient Mars crust that are still magnetized. 
Dustin_LongNJ We believe that the atmosphere that was lost, has been lost forever to interplanetary space. 
gau3tam7 Earths magnetic field largely protects it from these processes. 
BWest187 Storms on the sun happen all the time. These storms increase the UV amp; radiation environment that affect biological life adversely. 
Hamda930 A compass would not point toward North at Mars. It would point toward the nearest and strongest crustal magnetic field. 
Wjkirik The amount of liquid water on Mars is trace amounts. MAVEN is looking on a larger scale. 
meekelis We see ancient dry river beds, ancient dry lakes - so Mars had to have had a thick atmosphere early on to support liquid water 
srthvnnn Potentially small amount during the geologically brief time of switch. Earth's bigger w/ more gravity so hard for atoms to escape 
MinaVesperGokal Any small scale magnetic field could potentially deflect local solar wind. 
MenTor193 It used to. It was small, froze and stopped making a magnetic field. 
truthordoor Both formed at about the same time, around 4.5 billion years ago. 
SpeakSpanglish The Space_Station can see the Earths aurora, which are caused by solar winds entering the Earths atmosphere. 
lngsd The Venus atmosphere is very thick. Similar processes are happening there, but so far its still a thick atmosphere. 
Shankovich Yes, MAVEN measured solar wind on the way to Mars. It would depend on the shielding that the spacecraft would have. 
RussellGarcia The rate of change in the loss is also due to solar activity, which we expect was greater during an early sun. 
akgadam Magnetic fields originate at the core of planets. Mars is smaller than Earth, so the core had less heat to keep it molten. 
DanielRika2 Earth is bigger amp; our core hasn't frozen. We still have a global magnetic field on Earth that helps shield us from solar winds 
BelleBella94 We believe that the Mars atmosphere and climate were significantly different billions of years ago, so yes. 
CodyWillming Billions of years, at the current escape rate. 
extrapale That is part of MAVENs investigation. We hope be able to estimate this. 
GunzSonny Its very unlikely that this would happen. We think much of it was blown away forever. 
DigitalAbdullah MAVEN science results will help us understand and shape what astronauts will be studying at Mars. 
yudisz It widely varies. Summertime at the equator it can get to as high as 10 degrees celsius. But in general its much below freezing. 
Tekk45 Not directly, but understanding where the water went on Mars helps figure out where the resources are for future astronauts. 
WindmarkUS We dont know for sure. But we think that Mars' core was small and froze because there was less heat to keep it molten. 
elakdawalla (2/2) There have been surprises. We've seen unexpected diffuse auroras, transient metal layers in the atmosphere amp; others. 
elakdawalla In general, the models of the solar wind interaction w/ Mars' atmosphere have been largely validated. (1/2) 
Brummo Global magnetic fields form in the cores of planets. Mars' core is comparatively small and froze, so it's magnetic field ceased. 
Did you miss today's news about what happened to Mars' atmosphere? Here's the recap from the MAVEN2Mars team: 
What happened to Mars' atmosphere? The answer from MAVEN2Mars is blowing in the solar wind: 
MAVEN2Mars scientists answer 'Could this happen to Earth now or in the future?' Details: 
Mars is a cold amp; barren desert today. Solar wind striped away its atmosphere: MAVEN2Mars 
Unlike Earth, Mars does not have a magnetic field to shield its atmosphere from solar wind: 
LIVE NOW:  on the planets atmosphere. Questions? Use  Watch here: 
Gone with the Solar Wind: Watch live at 2pm ET for a new  Qs?  
Get smart about MAVEN2Mars prior to the 2pm ET briefing. Our new Tumblr has the background 
Our NASANewHorizons spacecraft completes 4th of 4 maneuvers to potential Kuiper Belt target 
Two NASA_Astronauts on Space_Station are prepping for their 2nd spacewalk on Friday: 
Did Mars once look more like Earth? Details on fate of Mars atmosphere at 2pm ET Thursday: 
The Space_Station is an orbiting lab that enables amp; fosters global partnerships. See how: 
What's up in the sky for November? Our Tumblr blog breaks it down for you: 
Tropical Cyclone Chapala is 1st hurricane-strength storm on record to make landfall on Yemen 
LIVE NOW: Facebook Qamp;A with Astro_Christina. Ask your questions on how to  
Did you hear? You can apply to  starting on Dec. 14! Here are the details: 
_7moodRAK_ Yes, you must be a US citizen to apply for the program through NASA: 
Lauren_Ann15 This specific application period will be from Dec 14 through mid-February. More info: 
AkiraJeffta Applications will open on December 14. For more information, visit: 
How can you  Join Facebook Qamp;A at 5pm ET amp; Astro_Christina will answer Qs: 
Want to  but not sure youre qualified? Weve debunked a few myths for you: 
Want to  Applications for our next astronaut class open on Dec 14! Info here: 
Were developing robotic tech to service amp; repair satellites in distant orbits. Learn more: 
What's up in the sky for November? Find out and then look up: 
A whopping gathering of galaxies has been found in a remote part of the universe. Details: 
Last weekends Halloween asteroid can be seen in new detail in these HD radar images: 
Weve found a new way to use satellites to track ocean currents from space. Learn how: 
Our solar system is huge. Check out our latest Tumblr post for 5 things to know this week: 
Humans have lived  A lot has happened since then. Year 2000 vs now: 
Saturns frigid moon Titan has some characteristics oddly similar to Earth. Which ones? 
Were  Check out our Twitter Moment to see some celebration highlights: 
Were  Here are 15 GIFs to celebrate the Space_Station history: 
We're  Get alerts to find out when to  flying over you: 
We're  More than 220 people from 17 countries have visited Space_Station: 
 Kids today have never known a time where humans havent lived off Earth: 
klungeraar Mir did happen, but we're celebrating living amp; working on the International Space_Station for 15 years, since Nov. 2, 2000. 
jeffdnvn75 Here's a look at the food on Space_Station from StationCDRKelly: 
We're  amp; we've conducted more than 1,760 ISS_Research investigations 
CathyPegau Space_Station It's free to download in high-resolution here: Our usage guide: 
hitman8976rawk Astronaut StationCDRKelly just broke the record of 215 days for the longest single NASA mission: 
Today marks 15 yrs that humans have lived off the planet on Space_Station  
Tune to ThirdRockRadio, your space station to discover a new world of rock amp; more! Listen: 
A cluster of smallsats is ready for liftoff to demo using a low-cost swarm to do science: 
Two stars shine through the center of a cascading dust ring in this new NASA_Hubble image: 
It's not totally dark on Pluto. We asked you to take pics of the brightness of Pluto's noon on Earth. Take a look: 
Using fuel that hasn't propelled a NASA spacecraft before, engineers test for the future: 
Resembling a boomerang, new NASAaero aircraft features wing shapes with fuel-saving twists: 
Cold hearted? The heart of NASAWebbTelescp w/ science instruments begins super cold test: 
In the spirit of Halloween, we present arachnid astronomers creeping across our sky lenses: 
HNItheUniverse Clever. Sharing with the real Cmdr_Hadfield. :) 
In space, no one can hear you scream. Happy Halloween from StationCDRKelly aboard the Space_Station!  
ICYMI: Stunning Pluto crescent from NASANewHorizons  Details and full image: 
Is your kid dressing up in a space themed costume this Halloween? Share a photo amp; tag  Happy Halloween! 
Our CassiniSaturn dove into amp; sampled a plume on Saturn's icy moon  Details: 
Dead comet that will safely fly past Earth today eerily resembles a skull:  
A full moon can play tricks on you, especially in this dark and lonely cornfield. Happy Halloween! 
What happened this week at NASA? Mars landing sites discussed, a  CassiniSaturn plume dive amp; more! 
Dead comet that will safely zip by Earth on Oct 31 looks eerie like a skull:  
Antarctica is overall accumulating ice, but parts have increased ice loss in last decades: 
Dazzling display of twisting arches seen in UV light rotates into view on the sun Oct. 27-28, seen by NASASunEarth 
Snow in space? What looks like snow is actually a barrage of energetic particles: 
Finding new worlds with a play of light amp; shadow can tell us about systems like our own: 
Asteroid that will fly past Earth at a safe distance on Halloween is a treat for scientists: 
Dressing up for  2 astronauts suited up for a Space_Station  this week. Q? Use  
First look from CassiniSaturn's deepest dive through the jets of Saturn's moon Enceladus: 
adrian_abac NASASunEarth This image blends 2 sets of extreme UV wavelengths at 171 amp; 193 ngstrms, typically colorized in gold amp; yellow. 
marcijo09 NASASunEarth This image is from Oct. 8, 2014. Learn more about it: 
 Here's a 'Jack-o-lantern' seen in the sun's active regions: NASASunEarth 
We're mapping Pluto's 'broken heart' with new images from NASANewHorizons  
Is this the youngest crater on Plutos largest moon Charon? NASANewHorizons  
New NASANewHorizons  image shows deep haze layers of Pluto's atmosphere: 
2015 Antarctic ozone hole area was larger amp; formed later than in recent years. Learn more: 
Could spiral patterns around newborn stars impact the way we look for new planets? Details: 
 meteor shower is "swarming" tonight. Ask experts Qs in a Reddit_AMA, 3pm ET today: 
Staring across interstellar space is the alluring Cat's Eye Nebula: Happy  
Join AstroPeggy during her Tumblr Answer Time at 3pm ET where shell answer your questions 
StationCDRKelly breaks the record today for the longest single U.S. spaceflight: 
Building blocks of life found during the moon landings. Where's it from? Mystery solved: 
LIVE NOW Day 3 of our workshop on potential Mars landing sites is underway! Watch on USTREAM 
On Earth, blood flows from ones brain due to gravity. We investigated this in microgravity: 
On Tumblr? Join AstroPeggy for her Answer Time session at 3pm ET where shell answer Qs: 
Did you miss day two of our workshop on potential Mars landing sites? Heres a recap: 
asashackelford We know there's water on Mars, but we don't know if there's life. We think Mars used to be suitable for life a long time ago 
DMuddification Very confident. We understand the geological contact. Weve done this for landers before amp; can send other things first. 
K_A_Christian It will likely be a combination of small nuclear reactor and solar panels. 
OwlParty21 Yes, there are seasons because Mars has a tilt to its spin axis just like the Earth does. Its colder than Antarctica. 
FatBoyJim222 Its probably possible, but probably not the best from an exploration perspective. 
ThunderSpeek By the time we send crews, they will have the capabilities to do their job. 
notedscholar KripkeCenter We can bounce signals off the surface of mars. And based on the lights that come back, we can tell the minerals. 
notedscholar Live broadcast is over. One person on the panel watches Gilmore Girls. 
LIVE NOW: Social Qamp;A on potential Mars landing sites. Questions? Use  Watch live: 
Have questions about our workshop on potential Mars landing sites?  live at 7pm ET: 
StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell ended their  at 3:19pm ET after 7hours amp; 16mins: 
Colors after the storms: Runoff can be seen as it interacts with ocean currents on Oct. 15: 
Watch StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell as they continue working todays 6.5 hour  
Our Cassini_Saturn spacecraft is on its final approach of Saturns moon Enceladus. Details 
LIVE NOW: Where will we land on Mars? Watch as potential landing sites are proposed: 
Did you miss NASA Administrator Bolden's speech this morning at AmProg? Here are the highlights: 
None of these things can happen on their own. - Admin Bolden at amprog on  
Were doing work today to make launches more affordable amp; advance small-satellite tech: 
aradia53 The spacewalk continues. It's on NASA TV's media channel now: 
"We are closer to sending humans to the Red Planet than ever before." - Admin Bolden 
"Exploration has taught us more than weve ever known about our universe amp; our place in it. - Admin Bolden 
LIVE NOW: NASA Administrator Charles Bolden speaks at amprog about our  
The  has begun! Follow Space_Station for live updates and watch on NASA TV: 
NASA Administrator Bolden will discuss our  at 10am ET. Watch live on NASA TV: 
Have Qs about today's spacewalk? Astro_Wheels is taking your questions now! Use  
LIVE NOW: StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell  Updates at Space_Station amp; NASA TV: 
Watch live as StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell perform their first  at 6:30am ET: 
Did you miss the first day of our workshop on potential Mars landing sites? Here's a recap: 
Were conducting ISS_Research on how microgravity impacts the human brain. Details: 
Here are 7 things to know before StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell's spacewalk tomorrow: 
See how observing the Martian atmosphere amp; adapting tech is essential on our  
How do supermassive black holes flare? New observations from two of our missions may tell us 
LIVE NOW: Workshop to review potential human landing sites on our  Watch now: 
Where will we land humans on Mars? Were hosting the 1st workshop to look at potential sites 
StationCDRKelly preps for spacewalk where he amp; Astro_Kjell will focus on station upgrades 
What kind of bacteria is present on the Space_Station? A new study is working to find out: 
NASA_Dawn heads toward its final orbit of dwarf planet Ceres. New mosaic of bright spots: 
With no gravity on Space_Station, here are a few fun things astronauts can do in free time: 
A million miles away, our camera catches 3 developing tropical lows in the Indian Ocean: 
7 key facts about Wednesday's CassiniSaturn 'plume dive' of Saturn's icy moon Enceladus: 
DavidLGlaser You can see the archived event here: 
Our CassiniSaturn spacecraft will take a deep dive Wednesday through the plume of Saturn's icy moon Enceladus! 
jeyzii666 The mission team doesn't believe there's much more risk to spacecraft. There's still 2 yrs of mission. Don't want to risk that. 
DavidLGlaser Mission team doesn't believe there's much more risk to spacecraft. There's still 2 yrs of mission. Don't want to risk that. 
JPMajor - CassiniSaturn team doesn't believe there's much more risk to spacecraft. There's still 2 yrs of mission. Don't want to risk that 
mirikramer The plume the CassiniSaturn spacecraft will fly over has been constant throughout the mission so far. 
SamDry3 All of the images taken by CassiniSaturn are available online here: 
LIVE NOW: Telecon on Oct. 28 Cassini_Saturn flyby of Enceladus. Questions? Use  
Learn about Cassini_Saturns Oct. 28 flyby of Saturns moon Enceladus  2pm ET. Q?  
Want to see a Space_Station cargo launch? Apply NOW for the Dec 3  in FL! Info: 
Elements needed to make stars, planets amp; people were once evenly spread across the universe: 
Creative? Help us create a suite of videos to inform the public about our AsteroidGC: 
Want to see a Space_Station cargo launch? Apply to attend Dec 3  in FL! Info: 
Can 'outlaw' particles neutrinos, mysterious subatomic entities, travel faster than light? 
Pluto in 3-D! Get out your red/blue stereo glasses to view a special NASANewHorizons image: 
This stunning galaxy seen by NASA_Hubble is around 16 million light-years away:  
This week the sun featured a very long filament, elongated clouds of plasma: NASASunEarth 
Clump in Saturns F ring, which is constantly changing structure, spotted by CassiniSaturn: 
Discover 20 intriguing planets that orbit stars outside our solar system:  
Apply to attend our Dec 3  in FL to see a Space_Station cargo launch! More: 
Spidery network of cracks slice through craters on Saturns moon Enceladus CassiniSaturn 
corbindavenport Fool_Jade Find our live HD feed from the Space_Station here: 
RojanRijal You can use this form here to report it: Thanks! 
This month, you can see the conjunction of Mars, Jupiter and Venus in the pre-dawn sky. Find out how. 
What happened This Week NASA?  at the WhiteHouse,  and more! 
Footage of  from Space_Station today as the mammoth system moved north. 
Satellites monitoring record-breaking  as it rapidly intensified. Details: 
A hot Jupiter, an exoplanet orbiting close to its star, has 2 planet friends:  
Happy hour on a comet? Large amounts of alcohol being released into space by comet Lovejoy: 
When astronauts launched to space, they quickly saw how  Join Sanctuaries in celebrating the ocean: 
Weekly Space_Station update: Brain studies, sleep experiments and more! Watch and ask Qs using  
Hurricane  strongest eastern north pacific hurricane on record, to make landfall: 
vanderbeans2858 Observing it from Earth would likely require at least a small telescope, since it will be fairly faint. 
BIG_Voices Its expected to be fairly faint, so night-sky Earth observers would need at least a small telescope to view it. 
Plutos tiny moon Kerberos appears smaller than expected. Learn about the mysterious moon: 
Largest sample of faintest amp; earliest known galaxies in universe spotted by NASA_Hubble: 
Want to see a Space_Station cargo launch? Apply to attend Dec 3  in FL! Info: 
Family portrait of Plutos moons is complete with latest NASANewHorizons pic of Kerberos: 
LIVE NOW:  Reddit_AMA about the search for habitable worlds. Join in: 
LIVE NOW: Briefing on StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell upcoming spacewalks:  
Design review complete for NASA_SLS! 1st time in 40 yrs for NASA human-rated rocket: 
Join our  Reddit_AMA on the search for habitable worlds today at 2 pm ET: 
New data counters old assumptions, showing some chem coolants contribute to ozone depletion: 
For  pick up our latest retro  Travel Bureau poster: 
Great Pumpkin Halloween asteroid to safely fly past Earth from 300,000 miles away: 
 meteors peaks tonight! Tune in to our live stream if it's cloudy in your area: 
LIVE NOW: Stream of the night sky for the Orionid meteor shower! Tune in amp; catch a glimpse: 
This galaxy cluster is home to one of the most powerful eruptions ever observed. Details: 
 meteor shower peaks tonight! Cloudy? No worries! Watch our live USTREAM at 10pm ET: 
ChiiRosenrot The asteroid on 10/31 will fly past Earth at a safe distance, slightly farther than the moons orbit: 
jq7NWz8UMX There are interactive versions of the mosaics here: 
What happens when a star comes too close to a black hole? It can get ripped apart. Details: 
Tiny, rocky object is being torn apart as it spirals around a dead star! More: NASAKepler 
At  POTUS met our Commercial_Crew, who will return launches to US soil: 
Join the WhiteHouse amp; NASA Chief Scientist EllenStofan for a Twitter Qamp;A at 11:30am ET: 
Its  Day! What would a time traveler from 1985 discover about NASA today? 
Like in  movie, astronauts on Space_Station also chronicle their missions: 
Top 5 things to know this week about our amazing solar system:  
Witness a launch! Apply to attend the Dec 3  Space_Station cargo launch from FL: 
What does it look like on Pluto at noon? See our  mosaics with 7,000 submissions: 
What are the boundaries of our solar system? Our IBEX mission sheds new light:  
New NASA_Technology telescope concept could help shed light on dark energy amp; exoplanets: 
Most Earth-like worlds are yet to be born in evolving universe, says study:  
StationCDRKelly captured 17 pics from Space_Station during a single flyover of Australia: 
In  humans collect soil samples. Instrument on new rover will dig amp; analysis soil.  
The Orionid meteor shower peaks on Oct. 21. Be sure to get outside amp; look up. Details: 
This  POTUS called the Space_Station! See our Tumblr blog for a breakdown: 
LIVE NOW: WhiteHouse  A celebration of science, technology amp; space. Watch: 
Watch live as the WhiteHouse hosts  at 7pm ET. Here's what to expect: 
Were celebrating 20 yrs of finding distant worlds w/  See our Tumblr post: 
Were testing technology for our MorpheusLander that will allow it to autonomously land on our  
Daily views of Earth from 1 million miles away now available on our new website. Take a look: 
LIVE Now from AirAndSpace: Exploring atmospheres of planets outside our solar system. Watch: 
LIVE NOW: AstroBehnken amp; Astro_Suni are answering your Qs! Use  amp; watch on NASA TV: 
Whats it like to be a Commercial_Crew astronaut? Ask Qs w/  amp; watch at 12:30pm ET: 
Living in space can impair cognitive abilities. See how were working to clear the space fog 
NASA_MMS spacecraft is 4 sats that are now flying at the tightest formation flown in orbit: 
Tight trio of craters seen by CassiniSaturn on Saturns moon Enceladus captured during flyby: 
Our NASA_Landsat satellites are helping experts track agricultural water use on a smartphone: 
Want to ask our Commercial_Crew astronauts Qs? Use  for Mondays Qamp;A  12:30pm ET: 
Our  will push astronauts to their limits. Our work on Space_Station helps prep for the challenges. 
Why would astronauts need a rover on Mars? Find out how this technology could one day be used on a  
NASA_Hubble sees an elegant spiral hiding a hungry monster in the constellation of Virgo: 
CassiniSaturn spacecraft sees battered terrain in northern region of Saturns moon Enceladus 
Harnessing the Power: See 3 pieces of NASA_Technology that are powering our  
Pluto's moon Charon is ready for its closeup. New NASANewHorizons  views: 
What happened This Week NASA? StationCDRKelly breaks a record, flyby of Saturns moon and more! 
Oh yes he did! StationCDRKelly breaks the U.S. record for time in space! Memes to celebrate: 
The more we see, the more fascinating it is. Pluto's patterns amp; pits seen by NASANewHorizons: 
StationCDRKelly has broken the U.S. astronaut record for cumulative time in space: 383 days! 
Days in space: 383! StationCDRKelly is now the U.S. astronaut with the most time spent off the Earth. 
Today, StationCDRKelly became the U.S. astronaut to spend the most days in space - 383 days! 
Spacewalk prep, magnetic experiments amp; more on our weekly Space_Station update. Watch amp; ask Qs using  
Our MorpheusLander project is developing a vehicle capable of vertical takeoff and landing for our  
New closest northern views of Saturn's icy, ocean-bearing moon Enceladus! CassiniSaturn pics: 
2015 Antarctic maximum sea ice extent breaks streak of record highs. Details:  
Our NASANewHorizons team has released 1st science paper from July 14  findings: 
Astronauts in  film lived on Mars. See how living on Space_Station is essential for our  
 in 1997, CassiniSaturn spacecraft launched to study Saturn amp; some of its moons:  
We're designing an abort system to protect astronauts as they launch on our  
CassiniSaturn flew by Enceladus today. See our Tumblr blog about Saturn's large, icy moon: 
Join our  Reddit_AMA on the search for habitable worlds Oct. 22:  
armlk3354 We actually have a mission that is developing a green alternative to conventional fuel systems: 
rishab_seshan SmallSats provide a great opportunity for exploration and technology. Read more about them here: 
bcsmith317 Not at all, it looks great as a background. May we also suggest some of these awesome NASAHubble pics? 
Lysrin DavidBraben. MarsCuriosity is a selfie pro! This video explains how the photo is taken: 
nadiewhaola This image combines multiple images taken by the rover. This video explains how: 
Studying a comets ion tail may explain solar wind variability amp; high temps: NASASunEarth 
How will we power our  The RS-25 engine! See how were testing them to launch humans to deep space. 
Dark area of the sun is a coronal hole where magnetic field is open to space: NASASunEarth 
Today at 1pm ET, watch amp;  about 3 new companies selected to launch small sats to space 
While you enjoy  on Earth, see how astronauts on the Space_Station satisfy their sweet tooth. 
Launch Update: OrbitalATK's Cygnus cargo ship targeted to launch to Space_Station on Dec 3. 
The solar system is big, so let us break it down for you. Here are 5 things to know this week: 
jordanmahaffey Besides Titan, 2nd largest moon in the solar system, there are at least 30 others orbiting Saturn: 
An out of this world selfie of MarsCuriosity lets us see the state of the rovers hardware: 
Our CassiniSaturn begins a series of flybys Wednesday of Saturn's large, icy moon Enceladus: 
Impact craters seen during NASANewHorizons  can tell us about Pluto's history: 
 Movie: Mark Watney = Botanist Our  Mars 2020 Rover = Geologist, Chemist amp; Astrobiologist 
LAST DAY to apply for our Nov 11  in Seattle where youll tour our flying lab: 
Elusive wave amp; Jupiters Great Red Spot can be seen by NASAHubble, rendered in 4K Ultra HD: 
What's our new cover pic? A morning aurora from StationCDRKelly aboard the Space_Station! 
Mimas and Pandora both orbit Saturn, but they are very different moons. More: CassiniSaturn 
Like Space_Station, a  is 'stronger with int'l partnership.' NASA Admin Blog: 
Robots improve the way that humans will work in space. Learn about the robots were creating for our  
Now that NASANewHorizons detected water ice on Pluto, we need to find out why it exists there 
Lazy weekend? Listen to ThirdRockRadio, America's space radio station w/ new rock discovery: 
Want to travel the same trek from  movie? Thanks to our  you can!: 
Like Earth Science? Apply to attend our Nov 11  in Seattle to tour our flying lab! 
In  film they have a vehicle that goes to Mars. Our NASA_Orion will carry us on our real  
The blue tint in Plutos haze seen by NASANewHorizons gives us info about composing particles 
Enjoying a weekend night? See if you can spot the Space_Station in your area using this site: 
Two winning student designs for 3-D printed container to be used by Space_Station astronauts: 
How will astronauts exit NASA_Orion after being away from Earth? Were testing to find out: 
Radiation is a real challenge on our  Find out how we plan to minimize the risks. 
Live HD Earth viewing from the Space_Station! Sit back, watch amp; enjoy our home planet:  
Were using aircraft to simulate various launch situations to prepare for our  Learn more: 
Sing along with NASA_Johnson interns in these 4 parody music videos. See them all: 
We're releasing a collection of new images from our ChandraXray archive. More:  
Epic struggle between birds amp; pigs on Mars in AngryBirds Space - featuring our missions! 
What happens when you add color to a floating blob of water in space? Watch our Space_Station investigation to see 
StationCDRKelly captured this aurora from Space_Station to share w/ his twitter followers: 
What's new at NASA? Watch our weekly update for the latest from around the agency. 
Apply to tour our research aircraft w/ 3-D rain amp; snow views.  is Nov 11 in Seattle 
What is a spinoff? NASA_Technology now providing benefits on Earth. Ten you might not know: 
Antarctic ozone hole, located above the South Pole, approaches annual maximum:  
Pick-up Styx! New NASANewHorizons image reveals size amp; shape of Plutos smallest moon, Styx: 
Mini satellites may offer big solution. CubeSats sent to orbit will test laser comm capability 
Spinoffs: Much of the tech were developing for our  has applications on Earth: 
An aging star in this planetary nebula waves goodbye in its final stages of life: NASA_Hubble 
NASA Administrator amp; former astronaut Bolden explains the game changing tech thatll help us on our  
Ancient lakes on Mars confirmed by our MarsCuriosity rover team. Details:  
Small satellites deployed, robotic tests amp; more on weekly Space_Station update. Watch amp; ask Qs using  
Live NASA_Dawn Q+A at 10pm ET. Highlights from the mission's first science orbits of  
Want to tour our flying lab? Apply to attend our Nov 11 Earth Science  in Seattle: 
It was rain that wouldn't quit. NASA_Rain eyes on Earth aid response to Carolina flooding: 
What happens when your brain cant tell which way is up? Space_Station research seeks answer: 
hillt68 Relative sizes. Galaxies are huge amp; luminous and Pluto is tiny. This blog breaks it down: 
Were leading our nation amp; the world on a  Our plan outlining the next steps: 
Our NASANewHorizons  was July 14. Tumblr post on what we've learned since then: 
Watch as the cast of  movie join us for a tour of NASAKennedy to see our real  
Four small research satellites, or CubeSats, launched today to test new NASA_Technology: 
New NASANewHorizons  images reveal blue skies amp; water ice on Pluto's surface: 
SC native amp; NASA Administrator Bolden explains how we gave info ahead of recent flooding: 
It's  For all the poets who need inspiration, follow us on Instagram: 
In  movie, they grow potatoes on Mars. Can we do this on our real  
Mysterious ripples seen racing through disk surrounding young star may provide valuable clues: 
Pulsating auroras are amazing events where patches of brightness flicker on amp; off. Learn how: 
CHALLENGE: Can we use Mars resources for astronauts? Help us find out NASASolve  
Tonight: Sounding rocket launch will create colorful vapor clouds in mid-Atlantic region of US 
See some of our Mars Moments amp; how  movie compares to our real  
In  film, crew had precise landing sites. With no GPS on Mars, see how we plan to land.  
Reading btwn thesand dunes. Images of Martian dunes reveal info on fractured ground beneath: 
LIVE NOW: Briefing to discuss 5 NASA-related CubeSats. Watch amp; ask questions using  
LIVE NOW: Briefing on importance of CubeSats in exploration amp; technology. Watch amp;  
See how were using small satellites in space during todays briefing at 1pm ET. Use  
Whats our Deputy Administrator DavaExplorers favorite  NASA_Technology? Find out 
 20 years ago, 1st discovery of a planet orbiting a sun-like star beyond our solar system: 
Apply to attend our Earth Science  amp; go inside our flying lab Nov 11 in Seattle: 
Deputy Admin DavaExplorer amp; USDA planted Space_Station sister seeds in the PeoplesGarden: 
dinacavic While the movie is fiction, it does highlight some of the tech were developing for our  
restrepocm1 This launch will test a sounding rocket motor, launch vehicle, spacecraft systems amp; ejection tech. More 
andrewsombs3 Here are some requirements to become an astronaut. You can also follow NASA_Astronauts for more: 
September was a busy month for ISS_Research. Check out our latest Tumblr post for a recap: 
Did you know that pics from Space_Station can help developing countries affected by natural disasters? Watch amp; see 
Our  progresses with the successful completion of a heat shield test: 
Go behind the scenes of the work were really doing on our  and how it inspired  film. 
Live in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region? You may be able to catch a glimpse of tomorrow's launch: 
Our orbiter views real regions on Mars where  movie places future missions: HiRISE 
Meet Nix amp; Hydra, two tiny moons of Pluto observed during NASANewHorizons July  
From this angle, Saturn's moon Pandora seems to hover over Titan, almost like an accent mark: 
See how harvesting amp; eating greens on Space_Station is helping with our  
In  movie, astronauts rove Mars. We're testing vehicles for our  
What is a forest? Different definitions can cause measurements to vary widely:  
Watch  movie? Ask about our real  Join our Reddit_AMA at 2pm ET: 
 1984, the history-making STS-41G space shuttle mission launched. Details: NASAHistory 
Satellite measured record rainfall over the Carolinas from Hurricane Joaquin moisture. NASA_Rain  
Fitness is a high priority when we send humans on a  Smaller devices are needed for the long trip. 
Were preparing our spaceport to launch next-generation spacecraft for our  
Potatoes =  film. Lettuce on the Space_Station = Prep for our real  
 actress and NASA astronaut hope to inspire the next generation who will embark on our  
Could a dust storm like the one in  movie happen? Fact and fiction:  
 Mission Control = Aries 3. Our  Mission Control = Orion spacecraft: 
 movie sends astronauts to deep space. See how were using ISS_Research to prep for our  
Learn how were preparing for the isolation of deep space on our real  
Have you seen  movie yet? Watch as the cast of the film interview the crew on the Space_Station. 
 film cites radiation danger. Its real, amp; it's a challenge on our  
In  they use a Mars Descent Vehicle. We're testing vehicles for our  
 movie highlights some of what we know about Mars, info that will help on our real  
 film sends crews to Mars. See how the Space_Station is helping our  
Launching vehicles to deep space is a challenge. See how well do this on our  
Were working to make some of the  movie tech a reality on our  
Watching  See how our Deep Space Habitat compares to the one in the film: 
Watch as  actor, Matt Damon chats about the steps were taking on our real life  
How will the body adapt to changes in gravity on our  Space_Station research helps find the answer. 
See how spacesuits in  film compare to prototypes for our real  
How does  movie compare to what were really doing on our  Find out: 
What happened This Week NASA? Liquid water on Mars, a rare  and more! Watch amp; discover. 
Spiral galaxy with a band of stars amp; dust crossing its intensely glowing center: NASA_Hubble 
Five NASA_Orion spacecraft technologies that will help us get home from Mars:  
The storm from above. StationCDRKelly's view of Hurricane Joaquin from Space_Station today: 
In  movie, humans collect samples from the Red Planet. Learn how our Mars 2020 rover will do the same. 
Look up! Check out our Tumblr post to find out what can you see in the sky this month: 
Cargo ships on the move, controlling robots from space and more on our Space_Station update. Qs? Use  
Congrats Casey Davis! Your photo was voted as the winner of our  photo contest: 
The US hasnt experienced landfall of a Category 3 or larger hurricane in 9 yrs. Stay updated as we monitor Joaquin. 
The dark side of thecomet? ESA_Rosetta spacecraft takes a peek at comet  dark side: 
Whats up for October? Here are 10 things you can catch in the sky this month. Dont miss out!  
Hurricane Joaquin intensified. Satellites show the storm has become a Category 4 hurricane: 
Russian cargo craft docked at 6:52pm ET over the North Atlantic, delivering 3+ tons of supplies to Space_Station. 
LIVE NOW: Live coverage of the 6:54pm ET Russian cargo ship docking to Space_Station. Watch: 
 movie highlights isolation and confinement. See how we simulate this on Earth for our  
New close-up views of Plutos moon Charon show a colorful amp; violent history:  
Today's our birthday! We're 57 amp; look forward to many more years of exploration amp; discovery. 
Russian Progress cargo ship is safely in orbit. Docking at 6:54pm ET. Watch live at 6:15pm: 
LIFT OFF! Russian Progress cargo ship with Space_Station supplies launched at 12:49pmET 
LAUNCH ALERT: Watch live now as Russian cargo ship launches to Space_Station at 12:49pm ET: 
Russia spacecraft set to launch to Space_Station at 12:49pm ET w/ 3 tons of cargo. Watch live 
LIVE NOW: Watch as experts amp;  movie cast answer Qs about our  
We see  trending. You cant breathe there and its cold. Wear a spacesuit: 
Animation shows rain rates amp; cloud heights just before Joaquin intensified into a hurricane: 
NASA astronaut amp;  movie actress hope to inspire the next generation of astronauts on our  
Neptune-sized planet 30 light-years away has an evaporating atmosphere, amp; NASA_Hubble is seeing a transformation. 
Did you know we collect data on severe weather events like Hurricane Joaquin? tumblr blog: 
Radiation dangers on our  are real. See what were doing to protect astronauts: 
 movie sends humans to Mars, see how Space_Station research is helping us on our real  
Our satellites capture data from Hurricane  as it intensifies in the Atlantic Ocean: 
The Phoenix Cluster: New data challenges trends that are typically found in galaxy clusters: 
Our  will send humans to the Red Planet. Learn about nasa_orion testing that'll help us get them home 
Rainbow of data has been sent back from NASA_Dawn spacecraft as it orbits dwarf planet Ceres: 
Stars talk with stars in this Qamp;A with  movie cast and astronauts aboard the Space_Station 
Mid-level solar flare spotted! It's the bright flash in the lower right side: NASASunEarth 
New study uses satellite data to more accurately determine the source of ozone in given areas: 
Lots of solar system news amp; its only Tuesday. Here are the Top 5 Things to Know This Week: 
New  technologies have applications for Mars amp; Earth. Check out this robotic vehicle.  
NASA_Landsat imagery used to calculate loss of forest amp; woodland cover in Western Tanzania: 
 movie is set on the surface of Mars. Our MAVEN2Mars mission studies the planet's atmosphere from orbit. 
Saturn and its moon Titan have very little in common, but a hazy look is one thing they share: 
Sending humans on a  is hard. Watch to see how ISS_Research is finding ways to overcome challenges. 
Enjoying  Astronauts dont have it so easy. Learn about coffee in space: 
We're working on ways to make oxygen on Mars  for rocket fuel amp; for breathing. How? By using dirt.  
We now know water flows on Mars. Did you know we're working to send humans:  
Did you hear? Liquid water flows on present-day Mars. Our Tumblr blog:  
What makes liquid water on Mars possible? Perchlorate salts, which may help on our   
This image shows dark streaks from flow of briny liquid water on Mars:  
Dark, narrow streaks formed by seasonal water flow on modern-day Mars:  
AngelicaLittleM We're working to send humans to Mars in the 2030s. Learn more about our  plans: 
LIVE NOW: Join our reddit_AMA where were answering your questions about todays  
mikelcal So far weve detected perchlorates, but there could be other minerals present. 
SkylarMile All we can see from orbit is whats on the surface of Mars, and we see evidence of flowing water. 
brandonbolaa The brine slopes were seen in 2010, but the spectral detection of molecular water was a few months ago. 
Latienie Not yet, but our InSight mission launches soon amp; will drill down 5 meters to see how planets evolve: 
astanzo Yes, we could use this technique on other planetary bodies to find minerals including water. 
robmantic1 We are detecting salt crystals with molecular water in them, which leads us to believe that the water would not be pure. 
Scottysthemann There is water on Mars that we could extract, and we hope to identify resources to extract it on future missions. 
Still have questions about our  Join our Reddit AMA  2pm ET to get answers 
saragreen2013 We've found iron, nitrogen, carbon, hydrogen on Mars. Where water interacts with rocks, there is more diversity of mineral. 
swilson191 Could be, but further investigation is needed to determine where the water is coming from. Updates here: 
themurphmaster There is some oxygen on Mars, but it is a very small concentration compared to the CO2. There wouldnt be enough to breath. 
tomerz073 We took images of the dark features and corrected the images pixel by pixel to detect hydration features: 
ThQueen_Rihanna We want to try to narrow down where the water came from, and we'll also look for similar areas on Mars. 
Kenfohh We dont know for sure because we don't know how deep the water goes. But we do have some ways to estimate. 
Luke_huckerby Since the atmosphere is so thin, crops would need some type of enclosure to provide pressure. 
eleni_nasa Not necessarily on the Mars 2020 rover, but we do plan to continue to study the water on Mars. 
ShanilSchool At some point in the past, there was a lot of water on Mars. We believe some is still below the surface. 
SamanthaJoint The great thing is that its water near the equator where its slightly warmer than the poles. 
chethanIN It depends on how salty it is. We just dont know yet. It would likely need to be purified. 
Lganme We need to find out where the water comes from and get closer imaging of the dark streaks. 
Burnzy0909 Maybe. It all depends on how saturated with salt the water is. Life as we know it couldn't survive if too salty. 
havall73 We think a full water cycle existed billions of years ago. We havent seen rain, but we have seen snow. 
renrins MarsCuriosity MarsOpportunity We've found similar features within the range of the rover. No plan to do that yet. 
Meredith7morgan We havent seen rain, but we have seen snow. We do think a full water cycle existed billions of years ago. 
thisisrachels We think the water does evaporate. Because of the salt, it happens must slower. The source of water is the big question. 
KC_2020 We detected water. It's not circumstantial. We want to go and investigate, but there are no specific mission planned... yet. 
dragonborn2112 There is water. The features we're seeing on Mars are indeed caused from water flow. 
denzvryan This is the first detection. Instruments on MarsCuriosity will help us understand some of the features - an indirect study. 
RickyAu6 Not yet, but we will explore the possibility of learning more about this discovery. 
Babababibux In the summer, the temperature can be above freezing. The salt in the water make it more stable. 
T_C_B_1992 This is the first detection of liquid water. We'll have to wait and see what comes from future discoveries. 
mashallight We may be able to break apart the H2O for future astronauts. It's not in the atmosphere. 
Enyo287 The team was excited, but we needed to make sure the results were robust. We were very happy. The science is the celebration. 
Tweetchat: Water on Mars! Question about our new discovery? Use  now  
Miss today's  Here's the highlights on evidence that liquid water flows on present-day Mars: 
Water! Strong evidence that liquid water flows on present-day Mars. Details:  
"These are dark streaks that form in late spring, grow through the summer amp; disappear in the fall"  
"Under certain circumstances, liquid water has been found on Mars" - Jim Green, NASA Planetary Science Director 
LIVE NOW: Major Mars mystery revealed! Watch live on NASA TV amp; use  for questions: 
Mars mystery solved? New science finding announced today at 11:30am ET. Watch live amp;  
At 11am ET, follow Space_Station for updates amp; watch on NASA TV as  cargo ship departs: 
Mars just got more interesting. Watch NASA TV 11:30am ET as we detail a major science finding 
The lunar eclipse is over. Continue to share your  pics for our contest: 
Great NASAHQPhoto of tonights  Snap your own pic amp; upload it in our contest! 
TheEllenShow Points for originality, but this pic may not make the cut in our  photo contest:  
Cloudy outside? Daylight? We have a great view of the  streaming live now: 
Watching the  Snap a picture amp; enter our photo contest on facebook! Details: 
jimmyfallon It's a celestial tonight show! Step outside amp; watch. Snap a pic and share with us:  
Photo Contest: Upload your best pic of the  now until 10am ET on our facebook: 
eonline But who has the best picture of the  Enter our photo contest on facebook to find out! 
Are you watching tonight's  NASAHQPhoto snapped this pic next to the Empire State Building. 
Got a question about tonights  Use  amp; watch our live feed on NASA TV: 
In the United States? Find your time zone for tonight's  and track tonight's celestial event: 
LIVE NOW: Broadcast of  on NASA TV. Tune in to watch and hear from our experts: 
Searching for the  but clouds in your way? Watch NASA TV's live stream, 8p ET: 
Get your camera amp; snap a pic of tonight's  then share with us on Facebook: 
Tonight, a  will occur. Watch live on NASA TV starting at 8pm ET: 
Tonight's  will be visible from the Americas, Europe amp; Africa tonight. Here's when to look: 
Last time a  amp; a  occurred together was 1982.  is tonight. Next time is 2033. 
What's a  A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes directly behind the Earth into its shadow. 
What's a  It's a full moon occurring w/ the moon's closest approach to Earth. Moon can appear 14 larger. 
This  thing...what is it? It's a  +  combined. Details: 
Dont forget! Tonight, a  will be visible. Be sure to get outside, look up amp; enjoy the show! 
Learn from a pro: Our photographer gives tips to capture the  tonight: 
Get your camera amp; snap a pic of tonight's  then share with us on Facebook: 
Tonight, a  will occur. Watch live on NASA TV starting at 8pm ET: 
During Sundays  snap a pic amp; share it with us in our photo contest! Details: 
Mars is a mysterious world, tune in to NASA TV on 9/28 as we announce a major science finding 
Step  Learn from a pro. Our photographer gives tips to capture the  on Sun.: 
We're conducting testing on our NASA_SLS rocket's launch capabilities for our  
Dont forget! This Sunday, a  will be visible for the last time until 2033: 
Could bacteria hitchhike on a  amp; survive? Our new study intends to find out: 
Get your camera amp; find a spot to snap a pic of Sunday's  then share with us: 
Get your camera amp; find a spot to snap a pic of Sunday's  then share with us: 
New color images of Pluto, a chat with the next crew launching to Space_Station and more on This Week NASA. 
Mars mystery solved? Find out Monday at 11:30am ET at a live briefing on NASA TV: Q?  
Step outside Sunday night amp; see a  It's a rare celestial event - a supermoon amp; lunar eclipse combo! 
BJGAVA Heres a schedule of the event. Also, more info can be found 
Coney70s Here is schedule of the  and more info about the event here: 
jessied44 No worries, NASA TV will be hosting a live broadcast of the event! Heres more information: 
aspect_of_truth Were alive and well! Heres a look a whats still to come from Americas space program: 
IvyGrowsGreen The sun actually blocks out the stars. Also, the cameras arent designed to see the faintness of starlight. 
Winter is comingon Mars. Our Opportunity MarsRovers is preparing for the season ahead: 
There will be a  this Sunday. Do you plan to step outside to watch? 
A stunning pic taken by StationCDRKelly while on Space_Station shows the Nile River at night 
In  movie humans travel to Mars. Our work on the Space_Station prepares us for the real  
Recent tests on NASA_Orion spacecraft heat shield yield info on how to improve manufacturing: 
TODAY  1pm ET join DiskDetective's Reddit AMA to see how to search for new planetary systems 
What looks fluffy and is  40 million light-yrs away? This spiral galaxy seen by NASA_Hubble! 
 movie lands humans on the Mars surface. Were developing tech to do the same on our real  
Weekly Space_Station Update: Prep for flu season,  movie night amp; more! Watch amp; ask Qs w/  
Textured surface surrounding two isolated mtns in new image from NASANewHorizons  
Most detailed color map of Pluto ever made just released from NASANewHorizons  
Group of scientists amp; engineers work to help astronauts survive the rigors of space travel: 
There will be a  this weekend, but what does that mean? Let us explain: 
Plutos surface sports a range of colors in this enhanced NASANewHorizons  image: 
Our satellite data helped to create pop-up wetlands for migrating birds in CA: nature_org 
Wisps of gas from the remains of a massive star that exploded 8,000 years ago: NASA_Hubble 
New 'snakeskin,' hi-res color images amp; more from our NASANewHorizons July 14  
Humans drive on Mars in  movie, and MarsCuriosity is cruising around the Red Planet now.  
LIVE NOW: Meet the next crew launching to the Space_Station and ask Qs using  Watch: 
StationCDRKelly got a flu shot in space, seeking to understand immune system changes: 
After CA wildfires are put out, is the threat over? See how data can identify vulnerable land: 
What orbits Earth at 250 miles above amp; helps on  The Space_Station! See how: 
At 2pm ET: Meet the next crew launching to Space_Station! Watch on NASA TV amp; use  
tim_reichardt Space_Station Here's the right link: Hope you join us later today to meet the crew. 
_nixys Space_Station Try this link instead: Sorry for the mix up. Hope you join us later today to meet the crew. 
SM, MED or LG? Nearly all black holes come in 1 of 2 sizes, but this one is outside the norm: 
Cell health probably isn't something on your mind. Learn why it's critical on Space_Station: 
A normally quiet black hole increases chatter. Typical behavior? Or just previously unnoticed? 
Low Density Supersonic Decelerator may sound like SciFi, but it's real and will help us land on Mars.  
What impact do wildfires have on air quality? Were flying through plumes of smoke to find out 
Why are we flying over the North amp; South Poles? NASA_ICE is set to survey Earth's polar ice: 
The boosters of our NASA_SLS rocket are being prepared for their second hot-fire ground test: 
Declines in phytoplankton algae seen by our tech could have impacts on atmosphere CO2 levels 
How to quiet supersonic flights over land? You start by visualizing supersonic shock waves: 
Space is filled with harmful radiation. See what we're doing to protect astronauts on our  
Our NASA_SLS rocket will power our  The steps required for success: 
Aboard Space_Station, StationCDRKelly amp; Astro_Kjell discuss the challenges of sending humans on a  
Two airlines will soon test our software designed to help save time amp; reduce fuel consumption: 
The solar system is huge, here are 10 things to know about it this week:  
Team works to keep LRO_NASA healthy during  a supermoon amp; lunar eclipse combo 
Two of Saturn's moons are almost hidden in the rings in this image from CassiniSaturn: 
Were researching new wing shapes that could lead to more efficient aircrafts. Learn more: 
Bugs in space? Dont worry, its a good thing! See why ISS_Research studies microbes in space 
Sindler_ Heres the English playlist. We release an update every Friday. Hope you can tune in and enjoy! 
MAVEN2Mars studies the Martian atmosphere. As of today, it has been in orbit for 1 Earth yr! 
Our NASA_SLS rocket will take humans on our  Learn about the team that plots the course it will take 
During National Hispanic Heritage Month, were releasing 4 Spanish Space to Ground episodes: 
StationCDRKelly just hosted his 2nd TweetChat from Space_Station amp; here are the highlights: 
Crisp turquoise waters of Bahamas seen from Space_Station show tidal channels amp; island cays: 
Our web-based application gives a virtual Mars experience. Its the next best thing to being there!  
Are you planning to watch the supermoon lunar eclipse on 9/27? Heres what you need to know: 
 We bring space down to Earth w/ USAID, connecting our data to world villages: 
 Close-up views of Pluto are stunning! Here's latest NASANewHorizons  pics: 
 StationCDRKelly reached half point of  on the orbiting Space_Station lab 
Can time in space impact an astronauts balance amp; coordination? We're studying to find out: 
We began exploring Mars 4+ decades ago with robotic missions, paving the way for humans to  
Latest breathtaking views from NASANewHorizons July 14  have scientists stunned: 
Laser-based forest-mapping instrument for Space_Station passes major milestone  
Four yrs ago, we announced our NASA_SLS rocket that'll take astronauts on our  
First time the Earth amp; the moon blocked our sun observing spacecraft's view at the same time: 
Ahoy, me space lubbers! AstroTerry spotted the Caribbean, no pirates, from Space_Station.  
LIVE Now: Tweetchat from space! Ask StationCDRKelly your questions about living on Space_Station using  
Ask a question to space! Use  to ask StationCDRKelly on Space_Station your Qs at 1:45pm ET/17:45 UTC. 
TODAY: TweetChat from space! How's the view from Space_Station? Ask StationCDRKelly at 1:45pm ET w/  
This Week NASA: Halfway point of  mission, advances on our  and more! 
TOMORROW: StationCDRKelly will host his 2nd TweetChat from the Space_Station at 1:45 pm ET. Tweet with  
Urine and sweat are recycled into drinking water in space. See how this tech is essential for our  
Mars is infamous for dust storms. Are they as bad as they seem in SciFi? Here are the facts: 
Fly over Plutos icy mountains and frozen plains from NASANewHorizons July 14th  
A merger made among the stars! Pair of galaxies collided 700 million years ago: NASA_Hubble 
College students: We're seeking your ideas for technology to help with our  
Weve been using nuclear heat to create power on MarsCuriosity. See how we may use this tech for our  
On our weekly Space_Station update, 2 crew members reach halfway point of  Ask Qs w/  
See how the  mission amp; other Space_Station human research projects are advancing our  
Join WhiteHouse in sending well-wishes to StationCDRKelly halfway through his  
 NASA_Marshall physicist Trent Griffin recognized by GMA for going 'Above amp; Beyond.' 
JMoss85 Not exactly, but our NASA_Orion is designed to take humans farther into space than ever before: 
Dave_Willford Were promoting our real life  amp; the steps were taking today to get there. Learn more: 
kroosnaldo Theres actually no scientific basis to this rumor. Heres a recent article we published about it: 
Matt Damon travels to the Red Planet in  movie. Watch as he talks about our real life  
Wow! New views of Plutos foggy hazes, icy plains amp; mountains:  NASANewHorizons 
LIVE NOW: andyweirauthor of  and our experts talk about our  
LIVE NOW: andyweirauthor of  and our experts talk Mars. Watch amp; ask Qs  
Students: Hear from andyweirauthor of  + NASA experts  1pm ET all about Mars: 
The funky dance of 2 black holes has given us new info about their light amp; potential to merge: 
Bolden: Our partnership w/ USAID has allowed us to apply space data to local villages: 
LIVE NOW: Finding new ways to bring NASA science to meet USAID development goals. Watch: 
At 10am ET: Helping connect space data to USAID's international development work. Watch: 
We're helping evolve technology used by uncrewed aircrafts to avoid objects in air:  
Were working to create our next generation spacesuits using advanced NASA_Technology on our  
haugummi Yes, the Van Allen Radiation Belts are real. We have a mission that studies them, check it out: 
android_ichi94 We love to hear that youre interested in our work! Here are some ways you can get involved: 
Our Commercial_Crew Program, which will  from U.S. soil, marks one year. More: 
The moon is shrinking. As it does, Earth's pull is 'massaging' the lunar surface: LRO_NASA 
We're supporters of  amp; inspiring kids like Ahmed to pursue their dreams. Get involved: 
Key milestone complete for our NASA_Orion spacecraft in support of our  
Could uncrewed aircraft be used to map possible landing sites on Mars? Were researching to find out!  
HasbroNews Awesome! Were working to send humans on a   
Buylowdontsell Caloric intake for astronauts in space is about the same as it is on Earth. Learn more: 
Our SOHO Observatory wasnt designed to see comets, but it just found its 3000th! Details: 
rellimcire The  is confined 342 days, hence us seeing 684 on the ground. Learn more here: 
Midnight ET: Slooh live Space_Station views to mark  mission halfway point: 
Now: StarTrek's NichelleIsUhura is flying on SOFIAtelescope. Ask her Qs with  
Arctic sea ice reaches its yearly minimum at the end of summer. This years min is below avg: 
"This isn't a movie set- it's for real." - Actor Sebastian Stan from  movie on our real  
Join the WhiteHouse in sending well-wishes to StationCDRKelly on his  
TONIGHT: StarTrek's NichelleIsUhura will fly on SOFIAtelescope. Ask questions starting at 10pm ET w/  
f1mrfox Its not a shooting star of feces, but here are other things you can see in the sky this month: 
SPEEROTHEKID Fluid in space acts differently than on Earth. This topic, as well as bone density are discussed here: 
How do flames grow in microgravity? A new experiment will safely ignite fires in space to see: 
Today, two Space_Station crew members mark the halfway point of their  mission: 
Join NPR today, 5pm ET for  w/ AstroSamantha, AstroSerena amp; Astro_Cady: 
Beneath the icy crust of Saturn's moon Enceladus is a global ocean: CassiniSaturn  
LIVE NOW: Qamp;A with the Space_Station crew and  movie cast. Watch live on NASA TV: 
Our experts and cast from  movie talk with media today. Listen live at 2:30pm ET: 
Today's the halfway point for the  mission on Space_Station. Why is it important? 
StationCDRKelly is halfway into his  Check out the best pics he's taken so far 
LIVE NOW: Hear a discussion on our  with NASA +  movie cast. Watch: 
Live at 10:30am ET: NASA meets  movie cast. Watch the discussion on NASA TV: 
What happens when you spend a  Find out as StationCDRKelly continues his mission 
Almost all we know about living in space ends at a 1/2 year. We're at that point as the  reaches halfway 
We challenged people to design amp; build 3-D printed habitats for deep space. See the finalists: 
Why are we proposing a mission to return samples from Mars to Earth? It's a step to send humans on a  
Were testing green propellants so we can increase performance and reduce use of toxic fuels: 
cubacastro Here are some highlights for our Cassini spacecraft in the coming months: 
urfeast StationCDRKelly makes food on the station all the time. Did you see is recipe from  
MarsCuriosity rover can detect elements associated with life as we know it. See how this helps our  
Did you miss it? StationCDRKelly answered Qs on Peoples Facebook! Check out the highlights: 
Ridley Scott, director of  movie discusses his fascination with the Red Planet amp; our real  
The Rough Fire in CA continues to burn and is currently the largest active fire in the state: 
Peering from shadows, CassiniSaturn spacecraft sees night side of Saturn amp; its moon Tethys: 
Every time we explore the Red Planet we learn more.  movie highlights aspects of our real  
LIVE NOW: Midpoint of  live from PressClubDC. Watch on NASA TV: 
At 9am ET: StationCDRKelly to mark midpoint of  live on NASA TV. Watch: 
When 9 crew are on Space_Station eating together, a sense of camaraderie forms. Watch: 
Mark your calendars: On Sept 27, a rare supermoon lunar eclipse will be visible. Learn more: 
We flew our DC-8 research aircraft in amp; around bad weather. Find out why + what we learned: 
A theory eliminated in the mystery of how Mars went from a wet world to the dry one we know: 
 two types of wildfires impact S. California? Researchers study amp; look into them: 
Join NPR Tues, 5pm ET for  w/ AstroSamantha, AstroSerena amp; Astro_Cady: 
NASA_MMS flies around Earth in a precise formation made possible by out-of-this-world GPS. Watch amp; learn more: 
From soft dunes to cemented rock. Our MarsCuriosity Rover sees petrified sand dunes: 
The Sunflower Galaxy seen by our NASA_Hubble telescope is around 27 million light-years away: 
Our experts talk with media at  premiere about our  from the red carpet at  
Last night, two of our own attended  premiere after lending expertise to the film: 
On facebook? At 11:30 a.m EDT, StationCDRKelly talks  on people's page 
What happened This Week NASA? New images of Ceres bright spots, an update from NASANewHorizons and much more! 
HiJ0lly ISS101 this was a visiting/taxi crew to take Volkov_ISS amp; a new Soyuz to Space_Station for  
1st spaceflight for Astro_Andreas amp; AidynAimbetov - 10 days in space, 8 Space_Station 
Djpuke Retro rockets fire just before landing. 
Touchdown! Soyuz crew landed safely on Earth at 8:51pmET/00:51 UTC  
Coming in for a landing! Watch Soyuz crew return to Earth:  
ElisantX we shared your comment with Rob, and he says thank you :). We appreciate his work too! 
RossSchwartz777 we do! Check out 
Landing alert! Crew modules separated; landing at 8:51pmET/00:51 UTC. Watch:  
QrafterMCR we can't get video during deorbit because the spacecraft is in Earth's atmosphere. 
trevorh321 the  is really challenging! - fka_roscosmos have been great Space_Station partners. 
Padalka's 168 days makes his total 879 days in space during 5 trips, more than any other person.  fka_roscosmos 
Padalka, Astro_Andreas amp; AidynAimbetov are on course to land at 8:51pmET/00:51 UTC  
Love beautiful views of Earth like this? Tune in now to watch Space_Station crew return: 
Soyuz deorbit burn at 7:59pmET/23:59 UTC will set up landing at 8:51pmET/00:51 UTC:  
Expedition 45: StationCDRKelly astro_kjell Volkov_ISS Astro_Kimiya Kornienko amp; Kononenko 
Beautiful views from Space_Station as Soyuz departs for Earth. Watch live:  
Padalka, Astro_Andreas amp; AidynAimbetov undocked from Space_Station at 5:29pmET/21:29 UTC 
WATCH LIVE on NASA TV - Soyuz set to undock from Space_Station at 5:29pmET/21:29 UTC.  
Snowfall over Labor Day weekend dampened the North Star Fire, but did not extinguish the blaze 
See space in 4K! Were partnering with Harmonic to bring you ultra-high definition footage: 
NASA TV coverage of Space_Station undocking amp; return to Earth resumes at 5pmET/21:00 UTC 
Live on NASA TV - replay from farewell amp; hatch closure between Soyuz amp; Space_Station  
parkerschmitt Space_Station long history, but short answer is budget constraints + shuttle was more than needed for just crew transport. 
parkerschmitt Space_Station is a great international partnership. BoeingDefense amp; SpaceX are building U.S. Commercial_Crew spacecraft. 
Alphadoc_ we're always looking for the best employees! Bookmark this to learn more about working NASA: 
hydeparkmedia Space_Station Crew members stay aboard for 6 months, so haircuts use a vacuum: 
Peter_D_Cooper Space_Station we're working toward a  in 2030s. We'll prove tech in lunar orbit first 
Hatches closed between Soyuz TMA-16M spacecraft amp; Space_Station at 2:17pmET/18:17 UTC.  
Gennady Padalka of fka_roscosmos, Astro_Andreas of esa amp; AidynAimbetov depart  today 
LIVE on NASA TV amp; - 3 Space_Station crew members prepare to return to Earth tonight.  
Weekly Space_Station Update: Research on muscle loss, change in command amp; more! Watch + ask Qs using  
Today, we take a moment to  and those impacted by the tragedy:  
TONIGHT: Tune in as we talk about rocky worlds and exoplanets. Watch live at 10 p.m. EDT: 
Its complicated... Pluto's surface, that is. New close-ups from NASANewHorizons  
Tomorrow, 3 Space_Station crew members return home. Watch live starting at 1:45pm ET. More: 
No, it's not a dance. The 'worm' was a logo we used for 16 years. Learn about it:  
Our Commercial_Crew partner SpaceX unveiled the interior of their Crew Dragon spacecraft: 
Discovered: Rare beast of a galaxy cluster whose heart is bursting with new stars:  
EddieRiv Were glad you like it! You can download the full resolution image here: 
New Pluto images reveal bewildering variety of surface features: NASANewHorizons  
Balloon experiment launches tomorrow that will measure cosmic ray energy in stratosphere: 
Mars is hard. Really hard. NASA_SLS blog on challenges to send humans on a  
We looked at Japan's heavy rains amp; winds from Tropical Storm Etau amp; Typhoon Kilo: NASA_Rain 
Jupiters moon lo may have subsurface ocean of magma caused by a gravitational tug-of-war: 
Complex mass of solar material gyrated for 40 hrs above the surface of the sun: NASASunEarth 
Bright spots on dwarf planet  seen by NASA_Dawn in striking new detail:  
Welding began on test version of adapter that connects stages of our new rocket, NASA_SLS.  
Our satellite spotted two California fires. Actively burning areas are in red:  
Building NASAWebbTelescp isn't easy. Secrets of the telescope's Deployable Tower Assembly: 
What's the red polar region on Pluto's moon Charon, revealed by NASANewHorizons  
LISTEN LIVE NOW: We discuss the 1st Ground Tournament Prizes in Cube Quest Challenge: 
Listen at 2pm ET: We discuss the 1st Ground Tournament Prizes in Cube Quest Challenge: 
Each summer, vibrant blue meltwater lakes dot the surface of the Greenland Ice Sheet: NASA_EO 
Yes, SarahKSilverman! And isn't it a beautiful place to live? Learn more about Earth: 
Bright spots on dwarf planet  gleam with mystery in new, closest-yet NASA_Dawn views: 
MikeASchneider It is the moon in that pic. We've issued a correction. Thanks for bringing this to our attention. 
lorengrush It is indeed the moon. We made a mistake amp; have issued a correction. Thanks for bringing it to our attention. 
mirikramer yembrick amikokauderer It is the moon. Sorry for the mixup. We've issued a correction. Appreciate you flagging it for us. 
Rainmaker1973 Valomir You are right. It is an overexposed moon. Appreciate you bringing the mixup to our attention. We've corrected it. 
db_prods We did indeed mean that. Sorry for the mistake and appreciate you catching that. We've issued a correction. Thanks for following. 
brownpau It is indeed. Sorry for the mixup. We've corrected it. Thanks for bringing this to our attention. We hope you enjoy the view. 
PC0101 Rainmaker1973 DTRay333 Thanks for catching our mistake. We've corrected it. Appreciate everyone flagging it for us. 
agomezroldan StationCDRKelly Space_Station Indeed it is! We've corrected our mistake. Thanks for catching that. 
AstroRob StationCDRKelly Space_Station Whoops. Sorry about that. We've corrected our mistake. Thanks for following along amp; enjoy the view 
mmbman Sorry about that. No new camera here. We've corrected our mistake. Enjoy the great view of the moon amp; Earth from Space_Station. 
Correction: That's not the sun illuminating the Earth. It's the moon, seen by StationCDRKelly from Space_Station. 
NOW is the last chance to send your name to Mars on NASAInSight! Sign up here by 11:59pm ET: 
Miniaturized satellites, known as CubeSats, provide new opportunities for space science. More: 
Another step on our  1st pieces of NASA_Orion welded together for test flight: 
WillDC22 No, anyone can send their name to Mars! Parents can help their children submit their info! 
PaulaEckels You can learn about job opportunities at NASA by visiting: 
Remember the worm? Take a look back at our 1976 styleguide NASAHistory dug from our archive: 
Spinning solar material gyrated for 40 hrs where it was pulled amp; stretched by magnetic forces: 
Our satellite captured images of Tropical Storm Etau as it moves through the NW Pacific Ocean: 
Our NASA_ABoVE mission will study how Arctic ecosystems respond to climate change: 
Winds of three storms in the Pacific were measured as our RapidScat instrument passed overhead 
Saturn looks painted with a dark brush, but Dione looks untouched. Why? More: CassiniSaturn 
Five frame composite from NASAHQPhoto of Space_Station transiting the sun:  
Tour NASA_Johnson when OneDirection filmed the Drag Me Down music video:  
Want to send your name to Mars? Deadline is Tuesday. Get your boarding pass now: NASAInSight 
'Happy'  Did you know that we're the top large agency to work for in the federal government? Pharrell 
The Rough Fire is currently the largest active fire in CA and began as a lightning strike: 
Traveling for  Take a trip with NASAInSight by sending your name to Mars: 
Our CLASP instrument will obtain unprecedented observations of the sun...in only 300 seconds! 
Washing hair amp; drinking coffee are simple things, but how are they done in space? Find out: 
Did you miss it? BoeingDefense revealed the name of their new spacecraft, the CST-100 Starliner.  
Why did the Space_Station crew suit up amp; take a road trip to relocate their spacecraft late last month? Find out 
More where that came from! NASANewHorizons spacecraft to begin intensive downlink phase: 
What are you doing for  Dont forget to look up! Heres whats up this month: 
Watching  this weekend? Here's how our NASA_SLS rocket sizes up:  
It takes a  to make a space mission happen. AstroPeggy shares these stories: 
Go backstage amp; behind the scenes of NASA_Orion. Meet those building the spacecraft on our  
Shiny Mars feature is likely a ventifacta rock shaped by wind. Latest from MarsCuriosity: 
What happened This Week NASA'? New Space_Station crew launch, grand opening of  facility amp; more! 
Traveling  Check out StationCDRKelly's window view during his recent 'road trip.'  
About 35 million light-years away is a glowing galaxy of gas amp; swirls of dust: NASA_Hubble 
 NASAInSight lander launches in 2016 amp; will record Mars vital signs:  
SethBang Actually, our most recent astro class was 50/50 men and women. The next woman to visit the space station will launch in May! 
TheScullaMooks Did you know our most recent astro class is 50/50 men and women? And, the next woman is scheduled to fly to station in May! 
d_weezy Space_Station Throughout the past, 58 different women have flown in space. The next woman will go in May! 
mr_jrfrench While not currently in this mission, 58 different women have flown in space on past missions: 
Weekly Space_Station update: 3 new members joined the crew, totaling 9 onboard. Watch amp; ask Qs using  
Meet  BoeingDefense's spacecraft to send crews to Space_Station:  
MartianMovie's Matt Damon is sending his name to Mars on NASAInSight. So can you: 
BoeingDefense names Commercial_Crew spacecraft CST-100  Let's  
Boeing is one of two companies under our Commercial_Crew contract to launch crews to Space_Station.  
While Commercial_Crew companies such as BoeingDefense  we're on a  
Americas spaceport is ready. BoeingDefenses new Commercial_Crew facility will help  
Watch Live Now: BoeingDefense unveiling new Commercial_Crew facility:  
"Were enabling commercial space here at NASAKennedy. -Center Director Cabana  
LIVE NOW: BoeingDefense unveils new Commercial_Crew facility. Live on NASA TV  
Today, BoeingDefense to unveil new Commercial_Crew facility. Watch live on NASA TV  10am ET 
JasPacePZOO Space_Station We had exactly 9 back in 2013 amp; as many as 13 in 2009! Learn more about our crews here: 
There are now 9 humans from 5 nations together in space on the International Space_Station: 
Along with new crew, spacecraft delivering new science to Space_Station for ISS_Research: 
Population of the Space_Station increased to 9 w/ Volkov_ISS, Astro_Andreas amp; Aimbetov joining. 
Watch spacecraft hatch opening amp; welcome to Space_Station live on NASA TV at 5:45am ET: 
Spacecraft w/ Volkov_ISS, Astro_Andreas amp; Aimbetov docking soon at Space_Station. Watch: 
Space_Station comes into view for 3 new crew members prior to docking this morning. Watch: 
LIVE NOW: 3 humans arrive at Space_Station soon. Watch live docking, set for 3:42am ET: 
Survey by NASA_Hubble unlocks clues to star birth in neighboring galaxy. Details:  
Space_Station crew continued work as they await the arrival of 3 new members early Friday: 
Hopping and rolling on a comet may sound weird, but it may be the perfect solution for maneuvering in microgravity. 
FrappeeserSMG StationCDRKelly got that same question during his TweetChat. Check out what he said: 
GRAND OPENING of new BoeingDefense facility Friday for Commercial_Crew:  
Satellite data helps us understand the water cycle and improves larege-scale climate models: 
We've asked you to send your name on NASAInSight, but what will the Mars lander do? Learn: 
 in 1976, our Viking 2 spacecraft landed on the Mars and took this panoramic photo:  
The 2015 Alaska fire season left burn scars across the state. Here are before amp; after views: 
From NASA to Napa: How do technologies used on the Space_Station benefit industries here on Earth? Find out! 
ddickens1 Since the plants are sent up to the Space_Station as seeds prepped in a clean environment, the space garden is pest free! 
Were going to Mars, are you? Send your name on our NASAInSight mission! Submit by Sept 8: 
We used remotely piloted tech to test behavior of lightweight, flexible aircraft structures: 
Our NASA_SLS rocket heating tests mimic extreme conditions endured during takeoff amp; ascent: 
Small package, but big science! We made the smallest space weather instrument ever built: 
One of these rings is not like the others - may be much younger than the rest: CassiniSaturn 
euripedies Our OSIRISREx mission will travel to a near-Earth asteroid amp; bring a sample back to Earth! Check it out: 
xxGandalf_420xx We're not accepting applications quite yet, but you can still send your name on our next mission: 
thevalley1994 Theres actually no scientific basis to this rumor. Read more here: 
What's up in the night sky this month? We have a blog for that: 
Were even closer to solving the mystery of how Mars lost its atmosphere amp; water. Learn more: 
Avoiding Rock Bottom: Learn how we use our Landsat satellite data to help chart U.S. waters: 
We put NASAWebbTelescp to the test, demonstrating that it could survive a launch environment: 
How did Mars lose its atmosphere and its water? Our MAVEN2Mars mission is seeking answers.  
Bladewalker6 We had exactly 9 back in 2013, amp; as many as 13 in 2009! Learn more about our crews amp; expeditions here: 
Comet Hitchhiker? New concept would use a harpoon amp; tether to land on comets amp; asteroids: 
Did you miss the launch of 3 humans to Space_Station earlier today? Heres a recap: Pic: esa 
sokane1 until the Dawn spacecraft gets a closer look, its anyones guess. Cast your vote amp; tell us what you think: 
Crew will make 34 orbits of Earth to get to Space_Station on Friday at 3:42aET/7:42 UTC:  
Volkov_ISS Astro_Andreas amp; Aimbetov safely in orbit on way to Space_Station:  
mrjtweeter actually, these three are from esa fka_roscosmos and Kazakhstan but will join NASA's StationCDRKelly amp; astro_kjell in space 
Volkov_ISS Astro_Andreas amp; Aimbetov on way to orbit for trip to Space_Station. Watch:  
LAUNCH at 12:37aET/4:37 UTC! Volkov_ISS Astro_Andreas amp; Aimbetov on way to Space_Station: 
taylormacfall don't worry; we've got you covered: 
vannamobilee for the Space_Station, to help us understand how to live and work off the planet: 
BrandonGill22 we're working with BoeingDefense and SpaceX on Commercial_Crew spacecraft: 
Got_Rush it's on all our channels. Try 
20 min till launch! Watch LIVE at as 3 people prepare to leave Earth at 12:37aET/4:37 UTC  
LIVE at - Countdown to 12:37aET/4:37 UTC launch of Volkov_ISS Astro_Andreas amp; Aimbetov  
LAUNCH ALERT: Three new crew members launch at 12:37am ET Wednesday to Space_Station: 
Two hurricanes and a tropical depression are active in the Pacific. Check here for updates: 
This photo shared by StationCDRKelly from the Space_Station shows Earths thin atmosphere: 
brown_vogue Great question! In this video Astronaut Suni Williams gives a tour of the toilet facilities in space: 
mrjohnsalmon We hope to have more data on the spots in coming months! Until then, tell us what you think they are: 
New image of dwarf planet Ceres where a crater with steep, smooth walls is visible: NASA_Dawn 
Whats next for microgravity bone research aboard the Space_Station? Find out: ISS_Research 
This animation of images shows Hurricane Ignacio, Hurricane Jimena and Tropical Depression 14E in the Pacific. 
Whats up for September? Find out when and where to look up for a total lunar eclipse of the supermoon, and more! 
Biological Research Bonanza: This month well highlight the study of life on Space_Station: 
Have you ever wondered how astronauts perform everyday activitiesin space? Find out here: 
New, ultra thin optical devices shape light in exotic ways that were previously impossible: 
We have opportunities for  amp; minority serving institutions. Join us Sept 16 amp; get info: 
Earn frequent flyer miles and sign up to send your name to Mars on our NASAInSight mission: 
This animation of the Pluto system is made with real images taken during NASANewHorizons July 2015  
LittleDebbie Oh no, it looks like you have chips on your solar panels. No worries, the real NASA_Hubble is fine. :) 
We 'see' inside Hurricane Fred, the easternmost hurricane in the tropical Atlantic Ocean: 
The rocket launching Sept. 2 at 12:37 am ET to Space_Station is now on its launch pad: 
See Americas tallest peak, now named Mount Denali, from the unique vantage point of space: 
Going from a single cluster, these sunspots split out over 6 days while crossing the sun: 
 New program w/ USAID that will strengthen environmental monitoring in SE Asia 
Entranced by Saturns moon Dione as it crosses in front of the giant planet: CassiniSaturn 
'For the space generation, the sky is not the limit.' TeachForAmerica amp; NASA MSNBC op-ed: 
Western wildfire smoke has wafted cross-country amp; out over the Atlantic Ocean:  
We join USAID to open  providing space data to stakeholders on ground: 
Team studying how Greenland melt water is contributing to sea level rise:  
We measured former Tropical Storm Erika's 9-day rainfall totals from space:  
Take a 360 deg panoramic tour of the Space_Station without ever leaving Earth! Thanks ESA! 
Sea levels are rising but at different rates in regions across the world:  
Our satellite sees a tropical trio of Category 4 Pacific Ocean hurricanes:  
Undergraduate Students: We're challenging you to design, build amp; test a tool for a real space exploration problem. 
Cosmic Butterfly: Shimmering colors show the complexity of the Twin Jet Nebula: NASA_Hubble 
Our NASA_Wallops to construct new Mission Launch Command Center to support flight operations: 
Were using aircraft to measure the Earths elevation and, over time, compare the changes: 
Ten years after landfall, signs of Hurricane Katrina still linger. Learn how:  
Hurricane Katrina hit the U.S. 10 yrs ago. Since then, weve improved the way we study storms: 
Ten years after Katrina: We've made advances in our study of hurricanes. More:  
What have we been up to? Watch This Week NASA for the latest from around the agency: 
Tropical Storm Erika is expected to produce heavy rainfall amp; make landfall in FL on Monday: 
The MartianMovie imagines a future Mars mission. Learn about our real  
As star clusters go, this one is very young- only one amp; a half billion years old: NASA_Hubble 
Were tracking changes of Greenland's ice sheet. Why? Let us tell you:  
Next potential destination selected for NASANewHorizons to visit after historic  
Greenlands ice is melting faster than previously thought, out of sight, below the surface.  
LIVE NOW: Learn about our research on Greenlands ice. Watch on NASA TV: Questions?  
Congress, Dont Make Us Hitch Rides With Russia. Love, NASA: WIRED op-ed by our administrator 
Happy  To celebrate, we present an intriguing bow-tie shaped nebula: 
Cargo ship arrival, spacecraft relocation and more on Space_Station weekly update. Questions? Use  
TODAY  1pm ET learn about research on the Greenland ice sheet. Q's?   
bethsmithyy no: 
mopbag you would have seen views of both the NASA and fka_roscosmos mission control centers. 
Soyuz move makes space for Astro_Andreas, Sergei Volkov amp; Aidyn Aimbetov, who launch Sept 2 
radiogod07 StationCDRKelly Space_Station it makes way for a new Soyuz to arrive next week. Launch scheduled for Sept. 2. 
Space_Station crew redocked Soyuz in new spot at Zvezda at 3:30amET/7:30 UTC.  
Space_Station crew moving Soyuz from Poisk (top) to Zvezda (rear). Redock approach underway 
netsensei and actually, we have more than that! Check out 
Soyuz with StationCDRKelly amp; Roscosmos' Padalka amp; Kornienko is flying around Space_Station: 
Roy_Astro Space_Station yes, StationCDRKelly and Roscosmos' Padalka and Kornienko are in the spacecraft. 
StationCDRKelly amp; crew moving Soyuz opens docking port for arrival of crew launching Sept 2. 
Soyuz undocked from Space_Station Poisk at 3:12amET for 25 min trip to redock at Zvezda:  
Soyuz with StationCDRKelly, Padalka and Kornienko scheduled to undock at 3:12amET/7:12 UTC: 
Watch as StationCDRKelly amp; Roscosmos' Padalka and Kornienko relocate their spacecraft.  
At 2:45amET/6:45 UTC watch as Space_Station crew members move their Soyuz spacecraft.  
Space_Station preps Exp. 45 crew arrival, relocates Soyuz. LIVE: 8/28  2:45am ET on NASA TV 
Today, we completed the final RS-25 engine test in our series. Another step on  
Did you know our NASA_Hubble telescope has a successor? The NASAWebbTelescp will see even deeper into the universe 
As Tropical Storm Erika moves through the Caribbean Sea, our satellites provide important info 
Join us 8/28 at 1pm ET to watch Greenland ice sheet research. Q's?   
Two black holes whirl around each other amp; power a quasar located 600 million light-years away: 
More than 160 mil. ppl live along coasts in US. Sea level rise affects us all:  
We are explorers. Our 1st vertical video is on our Instagram. Explore:  
Extra heat absorbed by oceans causes the sea level to rise. But why?  
Orange you glad the  cargo ship arrived? astro_kjell corrals new supply of fresh fruit: 
Whats the connection between the Earth getting warmer amp; the sea level getting higher? We'll tell you  
3 new crew members travel to Space_Station Tuesday. 1st time 9 people on ISS since Nov 2013: 
Yes! We created amp; tested 1 of the most complex rocket engine parts ever made w/ a 3D printer: 
Satellites analyze tropical storm Erika as it moves west amp; capture data, inside amp; out: 
Our OMG mission is mapping the seafloor around Greenland to document ice loss:  
Success! NASA_Orion spacecraft parachute system withstands failure test:  
Our NASAWebbTelescp's backplate, which will hold mirrors amp; instruments steady, is here: 
Pharrell We're "happy" to Inspire the next generation of explorers. There's so much to see amp; learn. 
Did you miss our airplane crash test today? No worries, it passed with flying colors! Watch: 
Why are Earths seas rising? How do we know? Answers here:  NASASeaLevel 
LIVE NOW: Twitter Chat on rising sea levels. Ask questions using  NASASeaLevel 
TODAY: 4pm ET Tweet Chat on NASASeaLevel rise. Questions? Use   
Evidence for a faded electron cloud "coming back to life" after giant collision: ChandraXray 
LIVE: Plane crash simulation to test emergency locator transmitters. Watch here:  
Three, two, oneDROP! Watch live now on NASA TV as we crash test a plane today:  
Our science zeros in on ocean rise. Questions are how much amp; how soon? Details:  
LIVE NOW: Update on sea level science amp;  Listen in amp; ask questions w/  
TODAY: We chat about NASASeaLevel and  Listen at 12:30pm ET: Q's? Use  
Happy  Astro_Flow's dogs Jake amp; Scout joined him for his official portrait. 
A steel tower for our NASA_SLS rocket is complete, bringing us closer to our  
Typhoon Goni appeared weaker today as it moved north into the Sea of Japan:  
Outer layer of suns atmosphere is hotter than lower layers. We're learning why: NASASunEarth 
Study says presence of vegetation is essential factor in limiting urban heating  
TEST ALERT: We're simulating a plane accident Weds to test the emergency locator transmitters: 
Listen live Wednesday at 12:30pm ET on the future of rising seas. Q?   
MSGPA This is a new mission scheduled to launch in 2016! Learn more about NASAInSight here: 
zaynmalik20031 NASAInSight Weve had robots on Mars for 50 yrs! Follow our  updates here: 
Siquio01 NASA_Dawn This new close up of the mountain was taken from a distance of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers)! 
Today, Space_Station crew began unloading supplies amp; science gear from the  cargo ship: 
Johnbenitezjr Pharrell Want to work at NASA? Here's where you can start: 
Hey Pharrellour employees are "Happy" to work here. We're the top large agency to work for in the Fed. Govt 
The Response to Congressional Inquiry on SpaceX June 28 mishap is now posted: 
Shock amp; Awesome: Supersonic shock waves will help engineers design future high-speed aircraft: 
Our NASA_Dawn mission has captured closest-yet views of dwarf planet Ceres:  
Happy 99th birthday, NatlParkService! You look better than ever, especially from space! 
Typhoon Goni traveled through the East China Sea today amp; is expected to weaken as it moves NE: 
Our satellite watches as wildfires blaze in Western United States with no end in sight: 
Laser signals may be used to cut down on comm delays in space amp; prep for our  
Were working with NOAA and our Global Hawk aircraft to improve hurricane forecasting. More: 
Join the nearly 300K people who are sending their name to Mars on our NASAInSight mission: 
As the northern hemisphere experiences summer heat, Arctic ice moves amp; melts:  
Danny has degenerated into an elongated area of low pressure. The remnants are moving west: 
Cameras for OSIRISREx, our 1st mission to return samples of an asteroid, have been delivered: 
Did you miss today's  cargo ship arrival to Space_Station? Watch the recap video here 
Link found between wildfires in Amazon basin amp; hurricanes in North Atlantic:  
A mid-level solar flare peaked this morning amp; was seen by our solar observatory: NASASunEarth 
 installed on Space_Station at 10:02am ET (14:02 UTC) this morning amp; will stay through the end of September 
The sun illuminates Earth as the Space_Station orbits and  installation resumes. Watch: 
Crew on Space_Station break while waiting for good video signals.  installation to resume 9:25am ET/13:25 UTC. 
LIVE NOW:  has been maneuvered amp; is ready to be latched onto the Space_Station. Watch: 
NASA TV will resume at 9:15am ET/13:15 UTC to air berthing of  to Space_Station: 
Astro_Kimiya commands  to capture  arriving Space_Station. Watch live: 
Astronauts prepare to use  to capture  arriving Space_Station. Watch live: 
LIVE NOW: Arrival of JAXA_en's  to Space_Station. Watch live on NASA TV: 
MissJamie_D StationCDRKelly We're already streaming live Earth views in HD from the Space_Station. Check it out: 
Astro_Kimiya works with Astro_Kjell amp; StationCDRKelly for arrival of  Space_Station 
JAXA_en's "white stork"  delivers 4.5 tons of cargo to Space_Station: 
LIVE on NASA TV: Watch  arrival Space_Station with 4.5 tons of cargo for crew: 
Watch Astro_Kimiya amp; Astro_Kjell capture  Monday live on NASA TV starting at 5:15am ET: 
Reflected light from Saturn on its moon, Dione, in image taken during CassiniSaturn's flyby: 
Space_Station crew continues tasks amp; preps arrival of  cargo ship - 8/24  5:15 am ET: 
Watch Earth as if you were on the Space_Station! Sit back amp; enjoy the beauty of our planet: 
Tiny aerosol particles in the air may cause snow amp; ice to darken, absorb more of the suns energy, and melt earlier 
Icy rings amp; dark shadows are seen in CassiniSaturn's final flyby view of Saturns moon Dione: 
At it again! Last of 3 crash tests for emergency locator transmitters on NASA TV 8/26  1pm ET 
More than 100 fires burn in Washington state amp; no imminent relief is expected:  
Craters amp; rings seen by CassiniSaturn spacecraft during final flyby of Saturn's moon Dione: 
Five images make up this mosaic view of the rough amp; icy crescent of Saturns moon Dione: 
Want to  in the night sky? Get alerts when Space_Station flies over you: 
New rocket to take pics of sun in extreme ultraviolet light on its 15-minute flight to space: 
More than 650 middle school students in 11 states helped develop code for the Space_Station: 
Just prior to CassiniSaturns final flyby of Saturn's moon Dione, we saw a full frame view: 
Since Hurricane Katrina in 2005, weve made strides in forecasting abilities:  
Summer 2015 wildfires seen in this night image by our NASANPP satellite:  
mistressmousey Thanks for catching our mistake. We've fixed the error. 
 Saturns moon amp; real NASA tech in  movie are just a few things on 'This Week NASA 
 Former astronaut amp; current NASAKennedy Center Director, Astro_CabanaBob!  
TheEllenShow onedirection, how about a robot dance-off? Check out our moves:  
What did OneDirection see in their new video? Take a Tumblr tour:  
An Eiffel Tower on the sun? No, but we spotted a similar looking plasma plume: NASASunEarth 
Cosmic Couple: A star amp; surrounding nebula lie 15,000 light-yrs away, seen by NASA_Hubble: 
HARRYEDDYSTIZZY Thats Robonaut! Follow him to learn more about what were using him for: AstroRobonaut amp; here: 
PKTwook Youd prob want to use some serious gel, everything floats in zero gravity! Watch: 
lefranfran Real_Liam_Payne Youre right, a trip to Mars takes at least 8 months! If OneDirection went, theyd be gone for a while. 
niall_blueballs onedirection That's awesome! Heres how you can become NASA_Astronaut: 
CrazyJoeDurp Weve had robots on Mars for 50 yrs, but our human  will be in the 2030s. Find out more: 
styleschanged onedirection You can visit NASA_Johnson Space Center too! 
Rising sea levels impact climate. Follow NASA_SeaLevel for the latest info   
HereForMarrieds Yea, you wouldnt want to wear it everyday! Learn more about all our spacesuits here: 
ploutoniclarry NASA_Marshall onedirection You can tell him yourself by following him on Twitter: AstroRobonaut 
JimmyPeow Were a gov't agency amp; dont fundraise, but we do work w/ commercial companies to help us explore space 
spmmb11 We love to hear that! Follow NASA for science updates and NASASocial to get involved! 
ashley_harris1 Following NASA is the best way to learn more! On Instagram? Follow us there for amazing pics, too! 
DanielaNeriB Great question! Our Curiosity celebrated its 3rd year on Mars earlier this month on Aug 5: 
cieranorthern onedirection Its great inspiring young people about the work we do here at NASA! Follow us to learn more! 
HTV-5 launch, dark matter experiment amp; more on our weekly Space_Station update. Watch amp; ask Qs using  
From OneDirection's  Roving in the Space Exploration Vehicle: 
Get inspired! OneDirection was while filming new  at NASA. Follow us amp; you can be too! 
From OneDirection's  Here's how you can become NASA_Astronauts: 
From OneDirection's  NASA_Orion takes flight. Learn more: 
From OneDirection's  AstroRobonaut is ready to assist the crew. More: 
The band OneDirection shot their  at NASA! Thanks Real_Liam_Payne Harry_Styles NiallOfficial Louis_Tomlinson. 
OneDirection filmed  at NASA! Learn more about our  
Gravity can  OneDirection was inspired filming  NASA. Follow us amp; you can be too! 
We're hosting a series of opportunities next week to discuss sea level rise:  
Heavy rainfall was revealed as our satellite watched super typhoon Atsani from the side: 
Stunning views captured of Saturn's moon Dione during CassiniSaturn's final close flyby: 
Weve been paving the way to our human  with 50 years of robotic exploration on the Red Planet 
Hurricane Danny moves west-northwest in the Atlantic with maximum sustained winds near 75 mph: 
Participate in our  Send your name to Mars on our upcoming NASAInSight mission 
Typhoon Goni appeared to be brushing Luzon, the northeastern Philippines via NASANPP imagery 
Our NASAspitzer telescope celebrates 12 yrs in space w/ release of a new digital calendar: 
MarsCuriosity rover doesnt need a selfie stick to take this pic at a recent drilling site: 
On Space_Station, StationCDRKelly captures Hurricane Danny, 1st of 2015 Atlantic season: 
Cognac4Paws And here's the link where you can send your name! 
Follow along as we explain how the MartianMovie and our real  intersect: 
California drought causing valley land to sink faster than ever before. More:  
Were building a new satellite mission that will improve hurricane forecasting. Learn how: 
Another step toward our  Workers prep our NASA_Orion spacecraft for testing: 
Cognac4Paws You dont even have to leave Earth, you can send your name to Mars on the InSight mission: 
We created amp; tested the concept of the glass cockpit w/ digital displays:  
Busting the myths: Despite rumors, there's no asteroid threatening Earth. Learn what we know: 
Mars selfie! MarsCuriosity snapped these pics while investigating the Marias Pass region: 
How will you celebrate  today? Here's our 10 favorite ways: 
Were going to Mars! Learn how were preparing for the real  in the 2030s: 
Be a part of the real  Send your name to the Red Planet on our next mission: 
NASA Astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson and  actress jes_chastain sit down to talk about our  
 visited our Mars Mission Control Center to talk about  movie and our real  
While the movie is fiction, were working on tech allowing us to take a real  
NASA's with you when you fly: Winglets. Glass cockpits. Air traffic management tools amp; more! 
Today is  Celebrate with us:  snap a picture amp; post it! 
Today, we celebrate  amp; years of NASAaero research making flying safer, greener amp; more efficient 
Bookmark to watch JAXA_en  "white stork" arrive Space_Station Monday 5:15amET/9:15 UTC. 
 is safe in orbit on a 5-day trip to deliver 4.5 tons of cargo to Space_Station Monday: 
LIFT OFF! JAXA_en  launches to deliver 4.5 tons of supplies to Space_Station. Watch 
LAUNCH ALERT: JAXA_en  set to lift off at 7:50amET/11:50 UTC. Watch live: 
JAXA_en  will deliver 4.5 tons of supplies to Space_Station. Find out what's inside: 
 cargo spacecraft is ready for launch to Space_Station at 7:50amET/11:50 UTC. Watch live: 
