text 
PowerMoves: Snowe and Napolitano join U.S.-Cuba normalization group 
Good. Kentucky clerk ordered to jail for refusing to issue gay marriage license 
Comparing Trump to Yogiberry. Great piece mattbai. via YahooPolitics 
Why is everyone so orange? 
Great piece by mattbai. Whether or not Biden runs, Clinton has a problem via YahooPolitics 
Truly sick. Rich American tourists kill hundreds of lions each year, and its all legal via washingtonpost 
texasdnc thanks, i did! hope you did too! 
texasdnc so sorry for the slow reply. the company i mentioned is organizerinc. 
ThirdWayKessler rollcall I'm in! I'll introduce you to red beer. 
Ratings Change: South Dakota Senate via rollcall 
Democrats next big hero? Why you should back South Dakotas Rick Weiland now via Salon 
Ellis: Why it's a close race for Senate via argusleader 
Actually, Yes, the Gary Hart Scandal Did Ruin Politics 
Democrats jump into South Dakota race via POLITICO 
I just backed Hugh amp; Crye Fitted T-Shirts -- Made in the USA on Kickstarter 
bluecollarblues great news on 1. so there are two of us! 2 sounds great to me! when are you launching it? 
IT'S HERE. Check back Monday for an in-depth lookbut for now, why not explore our shiny new back-end? 
The Michigan Democratic Party is arming EVERY Democratic candidate with a free website: cc theruckus 
What Hillary Clinton Can Learn From Portugal, Costa Rica, and England in the World Cup via thedailybeast 
crowdrise is a terrific way to raise money for your cause. and some of the coolest people i have met in the startup world. check them out. 
Love the new Ruck.us social feed! 
juliemason 2010 took a decade off my life 
ximenahartsock jebory: honored and excited to be a part of the Phone2Action board with gabe_klein and adrianfenty. 
Bring The Ruck.us, Supercharging Our Leaders' Voices via RoCSpeaks 
Blubanski thank you! 
really excited theruckus will be on the keynote campaign_tech panel on april 9 w/ all-stars VersaHQ and Phone2Action! cc: C_and_E 
And no she should not tell. kane iamdannistarr InternJohnRadio 
Heading to NYC today. Going to tell HQ how awesome The Kane Show is. CC: kane iamdannistarr InternJohnRadio 
One-Percent Jokes and Plutocrats in Drag: What I Saw When I Crashed a Wall Street Secret Society via Intelligencer 
lepitts I would love to, but I will be out of town. So sorry to miss it! 
CaprioTreasurer good to reconnect! Hope you are well. 
bluecollarblues never too late. Shoot me an email - athanruck.us. Would love to hear your ideas. 
Thank you HenryGoodelman RT "Proud to hear the news about theruckus taking the next step  -A member for 2 years, it's great to see 
When a House committee gets hold of an oversight function, no one comes out looking good. 
Is the WH intending to let Sebelius take the fall, or is this just negligence? 
Atrocious. I feel like the OSU game killed our self esteem. And semien isn't helping anyone with his indecision. How long have you be ... 
juliemason want to send you a DM. 
Just because something is part of our history doesn't mean it warrants celebration. 
What It Means to Be 'One of Us' via HuffPostWorld 
McCartney hasn't lost a step. Rocking  
juliemason speaking the truth on sweet potato fries. 
kane iamdannistarr InternJohnRadio maybe it's not about the nose job. Something else is going on.  
kane iamdannistarr - InternJohnRadio is right. Right or wrong, the guy clearly doesn't want to get married. Why force it? 
jmdenn thanks! 
Highlight of my week (who am i kidding? year) was meeting kaneshow iamdannistarr and InternJohnRadio. 
KirklandReader thank you! its great to connect and i love hearing your thoughts (seriously). 
Pink Floyd says no thanks to Pandoras 85 artist pay cut  VentureBeat via VentureBeat 
rschriefer shanedaprile bretjacobson delastarling couldn't agree more. i think the sum of my comments were "i agree with ..."  
Mayweather vs Canelo: Alvarez confident, not worried about 152-pound catchweight via badlefthook 
RT theruckus: Fan of Uber or Uber_DC ? Join the    
Ruck.us Issue Editor Henry Gruber shares some interesting thoughts on the economy. 
FWD.us, a Silicon Valley Foray Into Politics, Is Baffling Observers  TechPresident 
Check out our new video - What's all the Ruck.us?: cc theruckus 
Really want to meet SEH MT RayGlendening: Sitting back watching  viewing the  of  
testing 
Interesting discussion on guns Ruck.us  Your Rucks and activity via sharethis 
Founder Spotlight on rayglendening cc theruckus 
Martinez vs Murray: Ricky Hatton sees new, "nasty" side to Murray via badlefthook 
Let's do it RT RayGlendening: vora philipsoriano nathandaschle 100 yes. 
Great seeing hughandcrye today w/ RayGlendening. DC folks -if you haven't check them out yet, you are missing the boat.  
Funny (but more sad) that "he's up for re-election" is an explanation for a bad vote that needs no elaboration. cc: MaxBaucus 
BarackObama said it best - we need the right people in office. There must be consequences to today's vote. cc: MaxBaucus 
I thought the members of this ruck would be interested in this piece by former SEIU President Andy Stern.  
Cory - the link works. Thanks!   
MatthewGagnon whew...we needed that! 
MatthewGagnon yikesgetting a little warm in here 
juliemason excellent use of "thrombosis" 
RayGlendening matthewgagnon Erskine/ Hendricks/ Ward - that's how weird this season is. 
Most impressive Cap this season - Ribero.  cc MatthewGagnon RayGlendening 
FACT: The armed guard at Columbine High School did not avert the mass shooting in 1999  MomsDemand  
corteseatwork fantastic performance last night. cc: RayGlendening 
Obama Admin to Urge Justices to End California Gay Marriage Ban!   
Impressive! RT noahchestnut: Northwestern Football gets an A+ in combine math Cc DavidChalian h/t ssullivan228 
In the matter of WH v. Woodward, I'd rule for WH. Woodward's reaction is a bit bizarre. 
And this is the link I was referring to.   
Hard for me to see anything "progressive" in these nutty tweets from "Progress KY."   
Lamont Peterson: Why Lamont Peterson Should Face Lucas Matthysse Next  Bleacher Report via bleacherreport 
MT RayGlendening: If I am  I like my hand here. Dems 2016: Will Clinton clear field? jmartpolitico 
noahchestnut awesome. i believe rayglendening has agreed to cover dinner and probably post-dinner cocktails. 
Bradley discusses Marquez, facing Rios - Alvarado winner via badlefthook cc rayglendening davidjones2898 
Peterson vs Holt: Training camp notes for Feb. 22 FNF main event via badlefthook c DavidJones2898 
noahchestnut rayglendening I am more excited to see them in college park.  
Calling it now- nothing is going to beat the 1st Q Go Daddy ad.  
With inauguration on the books, political start-ups push ahead 
RT VASegovia: Nice interview about political startups with theruckus' RayGlendening:  
RT WorldVentureP: Take the theruckus political DNA survey - u will learn a lot about urself amp; where u really stand! Exciting comp 
DavidJones2898 I'll get a bunch of tix together. 
brittanyhellyes when are you coming back to DC? rayglendening says you guys killed at the 9:30 club. 
For campaigns, brand focus is key via C_and_E 
Wish I saw brittanyhellyes and Delta Rae play live. 
juliemason we have a rep 2 protect, so have to put best foot forward rayglendening). but yes, absolutely will! i'm genuinely a big fan. 
money in politics is the biggest cancer of our political system. technology helps level the playing field. cc: RayGlendening juliemason 
juliemason + RayGlendening = great political discussion  c:theruckus 
juliemason is as gorgeous as she is talented. 
juliemason soooo much love 
RayGlendening is bringing the ruck.us on the fantastic juliemason show on sirius POTUS. 
Interesting story per this morning's panel: cc: ORIresults GSPMgwu jkagia drehr superfluouschap matthewgagnon 
Today's speech on guns is one of the best I have seen the President give in a long time. 
RT ORIresults: Join nathandaschle CEO Ruck.us for release of The 2012 Social Media Election Survey Reg Here: 
Thanks! RT REVPOLITICMEDIA: Talk About Politics in a New WAY! Download the Ruck.Us app here: rayglendening ruckus 
Ruck.us Product Update (iOs)  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
We should be able to vote online, from anywhere! Check it out and sign up! I just did :) via PatioVote 
Support 'Honor The Treaties' on Ruckus -  
Congress somewhere below cockroaches, traffic jams, and Nickelback in Americans' esteem 
bdonnelly thank you, and great to see you this morning at grindspaces. 
kimbergillus mitgc_cm great to meet you too. Thanks for the excellent questions. 
DavidASinger great to meet you too. Really enjoyed meeting the terrific and smart crowd at grindspaces. Would love to keep in touch. 
SeamusCampbell likewise! 
RT grindspaces: Tomorrow! Tues 1/8 - 8am grindspaces for  Politics with nathandaschle from theruckus 
looking forward to it! RT grindspaces: Join us 1/8 - 8am for  Politics with nathandaschle from theruckus 
Check out this post about Silicon Valley: Powered by Love : via rally 
noahchestnut brekkefletch davidchalian and it's done. unreal.   
DavidChalian brekkefletch noahchestnut Dear Mississippi state, let me introduce you to our running QB, Trevor Semien. 
I'd take a 100 more commercials over a single one for catheters.  
brekkefletch noahchestnut davidchalian I could go for some of that 1st quarter energy again. 
DavidChalian noahchestnut brekkefletch unbelievable! 
noahchestnut davidchalian brekkefletch let's do this!  
bethreinhard hi Beth. I'm in London but you can email me at athanruck.us. 
I'll be honest. Did not see that coming. DavidJones2898 matthewsbutler beychok vegasjake rayglendening  
Baucus looking very vulnerable in 2014.   
The world needs more Alan Simpson. 
tmwincup thanks. great piece. 
noahchestnut brekkefletch davidchalian that's how you end a season. Cisek is my new favorite. 
Uncertainty! - Tech Bisnow (DC) 
noahchestnut no one lined up on Demens. 
noahchestnut brekkefletch davidchalian just threw up. 
noahchestnut brekkefletch davidchalian just turned it on. Of course. 
noahchestnut 2 min from home 
noahchestnut davidchalian brekkefletch been at youth soccer games all day. Trying to keep up via iPhone. Torture. Hi Brekke. 
RicardoGarciaAm thanks and great to see you today. AngelPolitics is revolutionizing political fundraising. 
There's a cynicism to all the "what went wrong" stories b/c they imply that all races can be won. Sometimes voters simply don't like a guy. 
the best is yet to come. RT RayGlendening: bdlandau nathandaschle Likewise my friend. 
On Quora, a Reasonable, Well Mannered Political Discussion - Forbes 
where does this leave justin bieber? 50 Cent, Mayweather call off TMT relationship 
Get Money Out of Politics Announcement: Congratulations and check out  
interested in hearing about or connecting with the country's hottest startups? don't miss reboot america on 11/9. 
RIP. EMANUEL STEWARD PASSES AWAY  FIGHTHYPE via fighthype 
Governor Christie Todd Whitman Guest Blog  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Vote Smarter: 28 Resources for Election 2012 via DailyTekk 
bobfan95 on it! You watching this game? 
noahchestnut inside. Beautiful. 
noahchestnut DavidChalian boom!   
wfuentes3 haha...who is that? 
Watching Bryce Harper feels like watching history.  
Can the tech sector reform partisan politics? Ruck.us hopes so via pandodaily 
members of this ruck would probably enjoy this daily show video on sesame street. "patriot street"...haha  
have to blame the shanahans for today. kirk cousins was simply not prepared to take over for rg3.  
noahchestnut not pretty 
Maybe all of the frantic WH downplaying of expectations over the last few days were not just posturing. 
lalpert22 yes he has 
Rank order of who seems in the most command: Romney, Obama, Lehrer. 
Ok, who switched the moderator with Clint eastwood's chair?  
Obama is badly in need of some high altitude messaging tonight. What is the takeaway?  
 
This is Romney at his strongest.  
How many Americans are following the details of this tax debate? I could go for a bottom line here. 
Romney saying he's not looking for a tax cut rings a little hollow considering he paid 13. 
Making policy points thru questionable anecdotes is my least favorite part of debates.  
seems to be some tension between the idea that government is not a job-creator and romney's claim that he will create 12M jobs as president. 
who at apple gets in trouble if i click "report" instead of "ignore" when a program shuts down? i want names... 
pgreenberger hey good to see you this am. what's your new email? want to send you something. DM me back. 
bobfan95 awesome. have you played before? 
If you drive a Prius, an Obama bumper sticker is probably redundant. 
ScottESchrum so glad you like it! 
bobfan95 sadly no. i wish i were. is there an old boys game? 
Check out johnavlon on  making good arguments about the two party collusion in the form of the presidential debate commission. 
noahchestnut 704 total yards. Not too shabby! 
Transcendencius love it! 
i'm so glad. thank you! RT ScottESchrum: nathandaschle liked the 3d grid on ruck.us to describe political/policy approach 
Romney campaign has officially entered the "kitchen sink" phase. GOP to Romney: Win the future via POLITICO for iPhone 
Excited to be here at  w/ esteemed panelists debeddy awbrown joemirabella. Tweet your questions to MITForum. 
noahchestnut 93 yards in one half. pretty sweet. has siemian really only thrown 2 passes? 
little surprised i can't find the NU-USD barn burner on ESPN. cc: noahchestnut 
RT RayGlendening: Sometimes I forget how much fun nathandaschle and I had during 2010. The GOP Throwback: 
Mitt Romney, man of constant sorrow - Alexander Burns - via POLITICO 
noahchestnut adams davidchalian IN 
Hatton due to end 3-year retirement 
very cool video on the importance of social media to political revolution. check it out. OpenSite - Hyper Revolution 
noahchestnut boom!  
noahchestnut why did we run there? 
ChrisNovembrino cool! How is Friday? 
Chris Kluwe, NFL punter, rips pol in same-sex row - Mackenzie Weinger - via POLITICO 
Scrums forming in English Departments across the country this morning about how to deal with the epic misuse of "literally."  
so glad i have scarlett johansson to tell me why this election is important.  
Agree or not? Trpt6296:  Dangerous Bain bashing. This is not appealing to Independents. Over the top... 
I had my doubts, but Castro crushed it tonight.  
That Castro line was a killer.  
ChrisNovembrino thanks chris. i would love to. cc: dwatg 
ChrisNovembrino love it 
nothing is worse than the critic, and we all criticize far too much. BUThow did so many experienced people bomb this Q?  
PLEASE VOTE for this SXSW panel. Need votes by midnight tonight! SXSW PanelPicker  
noahchestnut davidchalian TD! thank god for Espn app. Go cats!!!! 
noahchestnut davidchalian wasn't Fitzgerald the defensive player of the year? 
noahchestnut I am actually at the us open trying to follow on my phone. How is colter doing? Stats look so so . 
noahchestnut DavidChalian touchdown! 
Right on. RT FixAaron: Al Gore calls for abolition of electoral college  
I wonder how Apollo Creed would feel about  using his pre-fight song.  
How many independents did Romney just lose with his throw away marriage, life, and religion lines? 
Thank god for Twitter. jilldaschle has so much to say. Can't hear a thing. 
That rope line saunter was painful. Only Romney could snuff out the enthusiasm of Rubio's speech. 
Wonder if Romney is second guessing that VP pick right about now. 
This is silly. I am going to try to not remember Clint Eastwood this way.  
bigfleet ha...feels like it 
Can we all just call politics "politics" and stop with the "public service?" It's not like they enlisted. 
also according to nathan and rayRT assafweinberg: According to captcha, I am hopelessly not human. 
Petition International Cycling Union: Refuse USADA's Demand to Sanction Lance Armstrong for Unproved Doping -  
it starts with the media pulling back coverage. RT RayGlendening: No. RT "Do Party Conventions Matter Anymore?" 
if you support Lance, please join - Refuse USADA's Demand to Sanction Lance Armstrong for Unproved Doping -  
Kantrowitz of course. just shoot me an email athanruck.us. 
got to say, the seal ad against obama is pretty disappointing. some things - admittedly not much - have to be outside of politics. 
If you are wondering where the RNC opposition started to DC Statehood, it was logically...Indiana.   
Maypr Gray is targeting the DNC, after the RNC said it would oppose statehood in its platform.   
Independent voters are key. So who are they? 
check out this excellent interview w/ rayglendening. 19th, 2012 -   
Support my new Ruck on Ruck.us "Support California Proposition 37"  
I would like to impose a $1 penalty for any email over a paragraph. 
the GovernorOMalley line about romney and pickup basketball was pretty funny  
just what we need. another "joe the plumber." 
Why Paul Ryan Matters.  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus CC rayglendening 
JasonGrill very! 
ha..."No one is asserting that Washington operatives in either party are oracles or seers." Read more: 
surprising lack of discipline from the republicans. usually its the dems that infight. GOP pros fret over Paul Ryan 
JasonGrill Matt is a fantastic guy. Glad you got to meet him. What's new with you? 
Mitt Romneys chemistry experiment - John F. Harris and Alexander Burns - via POLITICO 
social media is giving ryan a big thumbs up. 
wow true RT HotlineJosh: RT globeglen: RT samyoungman: Ryan is delivering Romney's stump speech, but he's doing it with great sincerity 
ryan is living up to his promise with this speech. 
don't even start. RT TheFix: I would KILL for a hairline like Paul Ryan. 
will be interesting to see if ryan protects his intellectual brand or plays the usual running mate role of attack dog. 
PeterHambyCNN they are cutting the ads as we speak. 
i am so uncomfortable right now. RT rickklein Romney intro's Ryan as "the next president of the United States." 
Laffer gets skewered by the right and left alike in this Times piece.  
Pollsters Struggle to Pin Down the Right (Cell) Number 
Check out this interview we did on the Michael Ostrolenk show. CC: mostrolenk  
One of my all-time favorites   
Ted Cruz says he's never seen a hispanic panhandler. 
Boom. Schweitzer for President (hopefully after he wins the Senate seat).   
Just read M Tomasky's piece on Romey. Spot on, though Newsweek's definition of "news" seems to be expanding quite rapidly. 
why is it that as soon as i followed FakeJustinSmith twitter recommended timpawlenty? 
mongolloyd1 hayou were a cool dude and we had some good times. 
mongolloyd1 hey - thanks for the kind words. really appreciate them. 
Congratulations everyone!  
Gay Marriage Plank Will Be In Democratic Party Platform At Convention via HuffPostGay 
RT RayGlendening: Of all the places 4  to mess up, England? That's a gimme trip man. Now you have to worry about Canada amp; Bermuda. 
Pet peeve: people who punctuate their thoughts with "right?" 
mostrolenk it's theruckus. Thanks! 
great talking to mostrolenk today on his radio show. best martial artist/interviewer in the business. very much appreciate the time. 
Among the political words I least enjoy hearing - "gaggle." 
The Internet Defense League  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
RT RayGlendening Thrilled theruckus is joining the internet defense_league  Launches today globally! 
Here is a great piece on what Keynes would do today.  
RT theruckus: New  via AFSCME on   
mongolloyd1 i am writing in you! 
sometimes politics really is just checkers MT RayGlendening: When will  learn the truth is never as bad as the speculation. 
RicardoGarciaAm likewise. You have a terrific and much needed product. angelpolitics is going to change pol fundraising forever. 
RonSupportsYou bummer 
Breaking: Mayor Vincent Gray to Announce Resignation 
Regardless of one's feelings on health care, can't we all agree that passing the same dead bill 33 times is a waste of everyone's time? 
this is painful   
mongolloyd1 true! 
I found this piece today. Thought it was pretty interesting. What do others think?   
how can he be so tone deaf after 2 decades in politics? romney: "i hope more americans are able to take vacations." 
great point tdogg!   
Federer! 
Exile on Main Street: The Roberts Courts Decision on the Affordable Care Act  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
very impressed with the spanish goalie  
Make the presidential candidates debate the debt. Sign the petition at  
RT peterjnicoll Sweet Proposal by jwestcottphoto to Maddie_Marshall -POLITICOs first marriage proposal 
if you are into food, highly recommend the ifoodyou blog - check out the spinach and beet salad. 
johnbrougher good to see you (from across this room) at  this am. 
SteveFriess It's hard to manipulate any social media platform, esp FB - and that's good. Social media is for the (real) grassroots. 
RT POLITICOPro: Tomorrow: Pros talk digital strategies in '12 election w/ execs of theruckus, NationBuilder, Aristotle + DCCC amp; RNC. 
wayne rooney is back! go england!  
highly recommend this piece - Why Republicans Oppose the Individual Health-Care Mandate : The New Yorker via NewYorker 
The Serial Entrepreneur via HuffPostDC 
Dysfunction begins with the parties - 
Interesting piece. Question is, can a re-elect actually be a choice, or is it always a referendum?  
MT rayrivera7 Gotta love Glendening's grizzly voice as he talks political tech sites rayglendening theruckus  
congratulations to danshanoff and quickish for getting acquired by gannett! 
i dont get this at all - Judges Ford, Roth defend unpopular Bradley-Pacquiao scores; 'This isn't American Idol' 
RT sportsguy33: Does everyone who watched tonight's fight have to appear as witnesses at the trial for the people who fixed it? 
RT sportsguy33: Never been more stunned by a boxing decision. So disgusted right now. Now we know why the odds dropped all week. 
Pacquiao vs. Bradley Results: Speculation on Poor Judge Credentials Holds Merit  Bleacher Report via bleacherreport 
Ha...tending now  
It's going to be a long time before  as a sport recovers from tonight's decision. Once shaky credibility is now shot entirely. 
Bradley landed 17 of his punches. 
RT beychok: The Nevada athletic commission and these judges should go to jail. This is first degree robbery!!!! May not buy another ppv 
gordonhensleydc this is one of the most bizarre things I have ever seen. 
To be honest, I thought the 115-113 for PAC was way too generous for Bradley.  
This sport has no shame. RT nick_ayers: I am done with boxing. Disgusting.  
RT danrafaelespn: I dont even know what to say. 
I am truly speechless.  
What?????????? 
reneegas mitforum it was a pleasure. Best of luck. 
Crazy KO by Bailey in Round 11.  
WI: A Different Read  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
want a gauge of how long mitt romney has been running for office? he still has a hotmail account. 
Hacking into an email account is no laughing matter. Unless that email account is with hotmail. 
bigfleet thanks so much for having me! It was fun and an honor. 
RT NARAL: Ruck.us is a new way to meet others amp; organize on issues you care about. Check out our rucks:  
julievieburg I think you know the answer. cc irishoconnor 
RT RayGlendening: theruckus has added two rock star advisors to our board in mmckenn amp; tomserres. 
New poll shows gay marriage and bullying charges don't move voters either way.  
Support 'Stop Playing Chicken with Workers Safety!' on Ruckus -  
Support 'Help stop a bill that could take away a womans future fertility' on Ruckus -  
great take on AmericansElect by RayGlendening. critics miss the point. 
new poll out today shows schweitzer trouncing baucus in a potential primary 48-37.   
Izac_Wright thanks for the shout out! 
gsik thanks a lot. we would like to expand internationally one day. lets stay in touch. 
PatrickLBurns yes absolutely. we have them all. hope you check it out. 
MaryRambin you are too kind 
Who are the Bundlers?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
This is a really cool idea.   
Ruck.us Breaks Up Party Politics on the Social Web via mashable 
2thetable excellent. Will definitely let you know if we make it. 
2thetable still not sure. are you going? 
2thetable looks like a great project. you might find some interested people on ruck.us. 
bobfan95 yeah you are probably right. i meant purely political, but even there they probably have company. 
The WH's handling of marriage equality might be the first really big political fumble of this administration. 
The Dangers of Timing a Wave  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Sure sounds like he was breaking ranks: Biden OK with equal rights for married gay couples  Fox News via foxnews 
FloydMayweather says he wants MannyPacquiao 
jdhilburn toughest fight FloydMayweather has had in a long time. 
FloydMayweather can shake his head all he wants. cotto connected.  
jdhilburn you watching? 
RT larrymerchantTKO when did 50 become such a loser?  
i would give cotto's son 5-1 odds on justin bieber. 
i think RayGlendening has served me too many natty bos, but that looks like justin bieber in FloydMayweather's entourage. 
Could Obama Have Foregone a Democratic Convention?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
RT RayGlendening: New  spotlight on NARAL 's rucks. CC: theruckus  
Support 'Stop Pit Bull Discrimination in Maryland' on Ruckus -  
I will support this ruck with everything I have if you add a picture of Biscuit.  
Support 'Repeal Alabamas anti-immigrant law!' on Ruckus -  
Chimera is like lightning  
check it out RT rayglendening New  from NCLR on immigration legislation in Alabama.   
Boom. Chimera.  cc: RayGlendening 
schweitzer was also on morning joe.   
nick_ayers that makes two of us. 
RT theruckus: New  from AFSCME on  politicians via theruckus.    
RT theruckus: Today's  spotlight on norml 's  to stop federal raids.  
The Grantland Boxing Relevance Rankings 
JasonGrill truth! 
BOOM! Ward.  
Hendricks!  
I think he's right. The President needs to come out of the closet on gay marriage.   
Joe Manchin and Party Loyalty  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Please support ONE Campaign's ruck on poverty and malnutrition - 'Plant a seed of change on the G8!' on Ruckus  
In Their Words: Shane Mosley 
RT theruckus: Check out NARAL 's  on ruck.us: "Stop Attacks on Birth-Control Coverage"   
interesting piece by thomas friedman. do we need an "arab spring" in the us?   
BOOM!   
chimera!  
boom!  
mongolloyd1 maybe they are afraid of you 
Why Washington is broken 
jmartpolitico aburnspolitico one of these days its really going to catch on. you heard it here first. 
looking forward to watching today's  panel with RayGlendening marcidale AmericansElect and the big guy, aburnspolitico 
SteveKeller1990 thanks steve! 
here's a piece i wrote for CNN - A third way to choose a president  
VotersAct thanks for the kind words! 
my blog post today - Nanotargeting  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Schweitzer is one of the top ten most popular Governors in the country,   
RT RayGlendening Im speaking at  Conf. on Apr 19  20 Hope you will check out our panel w/ theruckus  AmericansElect. 
Another good piece. Sargent says Obama's position is as untenable as ever.   
Good piece on Obama's problem "evolution" on gay marriage.   
Talking_Eyes fantastic. look forward to seeing it! 
welcome back backstrom!  
What do you think? Are Freedom to Marry's efforts misplaced?   
Good stuff. Four Former DNC Chairs Endorse Marriage Equality In Democratic Platform via HuffingtonPost 
True RT jonathanweisman: nathandaschle Especially since the Wall Street Journal's Brody Mullins has been writing about it for years. 
Its amazing it took a 60 Minutes special for Congress to act on this.   
Federal court hears arguments about the constitutionality of DOMA.   
RayGlendening nice! 
nathanlgonzales agree with you there. I just wanted to post content from the other side. 
Here is the argument against DC Statehood.  
RT theruckus: Check out Ruck.us advisor richtafel discuss   
Max Baucus is already running his first ads.   
morsels it certainly is. thanks for passing it along. cc: davidbrooksnyt 
Bring on the Ruckus via InTheCapital 
Great documentary on the two party duopoly and the plight of third parties.  
those who want a better political dialogue, vote for partisansmedia here: Knight News Challenge via knightfdn 
julievieburg irishoconnor it's like shooting fish in a barrel. 
SXSWi 2012, in photos: via denverpost 
check out this great documentary on third parties in america.  
RT theruckus: Today's theruckus post on 18 people in MI changing the American labor movement. CC: RBReich 
check it out! RT morsels: My documentary about major parties screwing 3rd parties that I discussed SXSW: 
Excellent read on a dark and interesting piece of DC (and national) history. 
Thanks Nick. Check out Jonathan Capehart's write up on this.   
comeback politicians almost never live up to the hype. Kerrey Way Behind in Nebraska via politicalwire 
New on the Ruck.us blog - the Constitutionality of the Health Care Mandate  
Insightful piece from LibertyPell on marriage equality.   
GivePoetry1 i couldn't agree more. cc: JFKPolicyCenter 
One advertiser says Limbaugh boycotts are acts of terrorism.   
This is one of the most powerful pieces I have read in awhile. Truly amazing what is happening.  
And i'm OK that the real attraction is H amp; T Daschle RT RayGlendening: Impromptu  game w/ nathandaschle. Gotta have this one.  
RT RayGlendening Today's post, inspired by HotlineReid story on  today. CC: theruckus  
Great piece in US policy toward Cuba by davidjones2898 and johnadamstucson. Definitely worth a read. cc 
RT RayGlendening My answer to: What is the root problem in US politics? on Quora CC: theruckus 
Support 'Justice for Trayvon Martin: Bring charges against his killer' on Ruckus -  
Jonathan Capehart's piece from the Post today.  
Support 'Justice for Trayvon Martin: Bring charges against his killer' on Ruckus -  
Everyone, please sign this petition to send a message. It already has 650K signatures.  
Javelin and Petrus  The Art of the Secret Service Code Name  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
What is the point of secret service code names if we all know what they are? 
New from the Ruck.us blog: Is the U.S. headed for its own "Arab Spring?"  
Peter Choharis on Social Media amp; Politics  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
RT RayGlendening: Check out theruckus advisor Peter Choharis discussing  and  via youtube 
Support 'Support the JOBS Act' on Ruckus -  
looking forward to joining tonight's AmericansElect call. 
Chicagokrzy thanks. I'm excited too. 
An article on this bill.  
Wow. Did everyone see this piece on the Bin Laden plot to kill President Obama and Gen. Petraeus?  
Does this have any possibility of passing?  
RT RaRapoport Political parties take heat at  cc: popvox theruckus  
johnbrougher that's right. you can ask me anything. 
Internet Killed the Political Party Star?: via theprospect 
Who thinks Gingrich should drop out?  
Great cause.  
Courting the innovator-establishment at SXSW, where Obama vs. Romney doesn't work  Capital New York: via AddThis 
RT RayGlendening Check out today's post from theruckus about how  is bad at   
congratulations to AmericansElect for winning SXSW interactive people's choice award. well-deserved recognition for a great team. 
Support 'Full Voting Rights for the District of Columbia' on Ruckus -  
Support 'Same Day Voter Registration' on Ruckus -  
NewsIt_Editor looking forward to it 
RT MattBai: Thanks to all who stopped by at sxsw today. Great questions, great panelists, lot of fun. mmckinnon JoeTrippi nathandaschle 
Joe Trippi SXSW: Its not possible for [Obama] to change things in Washington 
LanaeErickson Thank you! 
DC tech folks: InTheCapital is going to be the source for news. 
Interested in more thoughtful politics? Check out partisansmedia / 
MaryRambin ha...it a low bar. Great to meet you. 
Packed house at AmericansElect panel. Hottest panels this year seem to be political.  
Another really cool startup I have learned about at  - NewsIt_Editor. Hope theruckus can work with them. 
Politicos - check out VotersAct. Really cool grassroots fundraising platform. Smart team. 
nfolson bummer. Ok let's catch up in dc sometime 
Hold the phone...the sun has been spotted in Austin. 
nfolson are you in Austin? 
Looking forward to today's theruckus party at LIVESTRONG. If you are in Austin for  (or just in Austin), come by. Today at 5:30. 
gordonhensleydc you were right! 
Really interesting Rolling Stone story on younger progressives not wanting to identify as Democrats.  
Who would you like to see run on the  ticket?   
gordonhensleydc i'll go lopez. he's the better fighter and he's got something to prove. you? 
Check out this new video on rucks from theruckus 
MT RayGlendening: theruckus has officially launched "rucks", a feature that allows people to come together on an issue  take action. 
New features just released today! RT RayGlendening: Check out the theruckus channel on   
Rick Perry says lesson learned from race "always remember the third thing."  
Izac_Wright I didn't share any of your secrets. 
At  listening to Rick Perry talk about how much he loves Twitter. 
NickTroiano 6 I think. Come by! 
looking forward to joining PeterHambyCNN and wesleydonehue at the  tonight to talk "dark art" of online politics  
if you are a sports fan, check out SPortsBadgr. very cool. 
in flight en route to  love gogo wireless. anyone else going to be in austin this weekend? 
Rush Limbaugh might want to just sit the next few plays out. 
Maines Canary in the Coal Mine  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
check out this pic of assaf.   
Looking forward to today's panel at NYU: United Citizens: How we Revive our Democracy. Today at 3. Come by if you can. 
happy birthday abharris! cc: Davidjones2898 jilldaschle 
Does the Media have a Duty to be Politically Independent?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
One Less Pragmatist.  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
slinkerwink excellent. look forward to meeting in person. 
Miguel Cotto: 'This will be my best and biggest victory' - ESPN 
RT MattBai:If you're headed to SXSW, pls swing by my political panel w/ JoeTrippi mmckinnon nathandaschle  popvox 
The Irrationality of Politics  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
I'd love to get an app that automatically updates all of my apps. 
noahchestnut thanks for the invite and for catching me up on NU ball. 
RT RayGlendening: Looking forward to hearing a little bit about what quora  noahchestnut have planned for 2012 tonight. 
Great news for all Americans coming out of MD tonight. New Jersey is going to regret being on the wrong side of history. 
RT if you think that floydmayweather should take a break from his sociology lectures and stick to what he knows - avoiding mannypacquaio 
And future political hall of famer RT RayGlendening: Check out dskaye on twitter.  alum and  PA press beast! 
RT RayGlendening: Taking Back Elections from SuperPACs  Care2 Causes CC: theruckus nathandaschle  
Maine, Iowa Caucus Mishaps Prove Its Time for a Better System via thedailybeast 
noahchestnut glad you like it. the author is one of our advisors. 
haRT SugarRayRobinsn nathandaschle tough fight but I walked away the winner!  
i really like this piece. should we strive to maintain ideological diversity? 
St. Valentine's Day Massacre: Sugar Ray Robinson vs. Jake LaMotta via HuffingtonPost 
Rules or Realpolitik?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
really enjoyed doing interview with newdissidentradio.com's SteveGelder and rayglendening.  
Looking forward to it! SteveGelder: Monday RayGlendening  nathandaschle founders of Ruck.us discuss their site 
RT theruckus: Thanks for the great review! Ruck.us Review - Politics Based Social Network - AppAppeal 
The 2016 Election, Already Upon Us: 
amazing what a little 60 Minutes coverage will do. RT mattglazer RT CREWcrew: House has passed the  417-2 
Manny Pacquiao agrees to terms for fight with Timothy Bradley Jr. - ESPN 
somehow congress, which was at 11, has found a way to become even less popular. via politicalwire 
check it out! RT RayGlendening theruckus guest blog today by KristNovoselic, discussing  
rayglendening has a great take today on the   decision 
buckrobertscom thanks so much! 
Answer my question on Ruck.us: "What's the best way to curb the effect of money in politics?"  
if romney wins the nomination, will the early dnc attack ads have hurt or strengthened him? 
thanks for the  and back at you Geneuwin mdotDC drkrismarsh 
Taxes and Fairness  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
tobyfels yeah and there's that. if he's not careful, he's going to get a bad reputation... 
the reason i am skeptical of FloydMayweather is that he is making it virtually impossible for MannyPACQUIA0 to accept.  
RT RayGlendening: My take on the  controversy, stemming from a great ? on theruckus from earlsa. 
jblaque thank you 
Stewart calls Gingrich a career marriage sanctity sullier... 
Newt really has been in politics too long.  vs.  
Romney calls for self-deportation. 
Ah...English-only is really a gift. 
Paul has by far the most intelligent answer on Cuba. 
That Castro line was a bit creepy. 
Truth RT mikekruger: nathandaschle - I can't imagine either of them in today's Republican Party. 
Can't imagine Teddy Roosevelt or Dwight Eisenhower having this discussion.  
Councilman wants to use committee to clear D.C.'s boxing rep  Washington Examiner via dcexaminerlocal 
Takeaways from Last Nights GOP Debate  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Ron Paul +1 
Romney conveniently omits what he'd do if illegal immigrants don't voluntarily return home. 
craasch ha...very popular site these days 
craasch right but who believes "anything should go?" Who is he objecting to? 
But does anyone actually say that? RT craasch:  "The idea that anything goes on the Internet - where did that come from?" 
Haha Tdaveweigel: Weird. Santorum doesn't like the idea of "anything goes" on the Internet. I'll google his name and figure out why 
Boos for CNN's SOPA advocacy. 
Romney is not nearly as comfortable talking about his wealth as he wants us to think he is. 
Political fact: the more candidates talk about the past, the smaller the circle of people who care. 
Santorum has Newts number. 
By "Newt's a friend - I love him," Santorum means I hate his face. 
isaacsarver yes all too well 
There is a real earnestness to how Ron Paul just warns us of what's coming as opposed to hypothesizing about a Paul presidency. 
How ironic that candidate Obama opposed the mandate? 
These debates would be pretty quiet if you took out all of the conclusory statements. 
Add this to things that have never been said until tonight: "I am going to stuff capitalism down your throat." 
Would LOVE to be a fly on the wall of whatever room Bill Clinton is in right now. 
Gingrich circa 2012 sounds a bit different than Gingrich circa 1999. 
ryanlhowlett ha...and that's how rumors start. 
MT danrafaelespn some reports Pacquiao spoke with Mayweather yesterday. Leonard Ellerbe will check with Floyd about it and call back. 
"you ain't so bad. you ain't so bad. you you ain't nuthin." still get chills.  
My answer on Obama's decision re: Keystone. via POLITICO 
Lamont Peterson appeals WBA's Amir Khan rematch ruling - ESPN  
slinkerwink its settled. next we do anything with web ads, we are calling you. 
slinkerwink so many that i see seem more designed for press consumption than voter persuasion. 
slinkerwink kgilnack good points. 
slinkerwink you are right. if it captures the audience and drives them to an information source, it works. 
has any voter ever been persuaded by a web ad? 
Lis_Smith congratulations on the new gig and all the great work at DemGovs! 
the real victims of SOPA are the high school students with research papers due tomorrow. 
Check out our first guest blog. Insightful stuff by Ruck.us bringer RonontheRight.  
 ThirdWaySeanG ymwdc jilldaschle RayGlendening mikerosenwald 
ymwdc jilldaschle is embarrassed you think she dressed me that way. 
love this RT johnedugan: Guy from Ruck.us on TV now, button your collar. This ain't a disco pool party in South Beach. 
JansingCo thanks so much for the chance to be on your terrific show this morning to talk about theruckus. 
GivePoetry1 we certainly support AmericansElect but theruckus is pursuing a different mission w/ a different execution. 
RT USATOpinion What's more important: party or issues? MT mikerosenwald: Site connects users by issues vs. parties 
my favorite glendening RT rickklein: a 70-year-old former governor tries Ruck.us out. (via mikerosenwald) 
Parris Glendening signs up for a new Web site: His sons 
excellent. cheers back! RT MusicalTwinkie5 Just discovered Ruck.us thanks to nathandaschle. Cheers! 
Obamney's indie blues - Glenn Thrush - via POLITICO 
Thanks! RT craasch: Interesting piece by N. Daschle Bain Capital, Job Creation, and Independents I via theruckus 
if anything captures boxing today RT FloydMayweather: My Jail Sentence was pushed back because the date was locked in. Step up Punk. 
after the marquez fight, floyd figured maybe manny's not juicing. MT FloydMayweather: Manny Pacquiao I'm calling u out let's fight May 5th 
Bain Capital, Job Creation, and the Rise of Independents (Unrelated)  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
ColinRo did you go to khan-peterson a few weeks ago? 
ColinRo great to meet a kindred spirit! 
EricGMeyer thanks Eric! 
RT ColinRo: Politics w/ out parties? Check out this social networking site    cc: theruckus 
Listening to charliepolitico give smart analysis on Sirius POTUS. 
Listening to sc GOP chair Connolly on c span. Doubt I agree w him on much but I'm impressed w his answers. 
but, enough of the "one upset win and you are a contender" mindset in boxing. its getting as bad as pres politics.   
RT RayGlendening: Best answer yet: "The Iowa caucuses are"... "like asking your crazy uncle to choose your spouse" 
Breaking News: Black Swan Found in Iowa  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
so disappointed to learn that all of the news coming from the consumer protection world today had nothing to do with rob corddry. 
johnleesandiego thank you! 
jilldaschle just met the founders of  in panama. felt like i was watching tim tebow meet jesus. 
JerRScott thank you, and thanks for all of your support for ruck.us. all the best to you in 2012! 
RT SeamusCampbell: 2011: Ideas Formulated  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
RT theruckus: RT RayGlendening: Please check out our year in review post theruckus: 
noahchestnut i am out of the country, so just getting updates on my espn app. our bowl record is simply astonishing. 
DavidChalian noahchestnut I can't take it anymore. 
Well, isn't this ironic. NYTimes: Bishops Say Rules on Gay Parents Limit Freedom of Religion 
Read my answer on Ruck.us to the question: "The Iowa caucuses are..."  
RonSupportsYou some Republican strategist was talking about the tax holiday. 
Its painful to watch cable strategists try to spin clear political failure as success. You'd get more points by admitting the plain truth. 
RayGlendening if floyd is not careful, he's going to get a bad reputation.  
RebeccaMendel thank you, and right back atcha! 
USA Today: Parties Losing the War of Persuasion  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
The House GOP's standoff w Obama is so reminiscent of Newt's failed government shutdown in 1996. 
Thank you. We are working on it now. RT jberoiz: nathandaschle we need a version of ruck.us for Spain as we must face difficult times 
RT amber_spry: 2012 will be here before you know it. It's not too late to make a difference now. theruckus TheA21Campaign  
meitweet the world is upside down. 
Really bummed that HBO cancelled both How to Make it in America and Bored to Death. Not sure where I will go for my stoned Ted Danson fix. 
RayGlendening time to get Paris on the Twitter 
Yes! Tsemseomde: Ruck.us: Politik-Community ist eine politische Community, in der man Fragen zu seinen politisch... 
RT jberoiz: Trasteando en una plataforma encontrar personas que piensan como t en poltica, pero sin partidos  
Exactly ctintelmex: Ruck.us, encontrar personas afines a nuestras ideologas polticas   
Do you believe that the most important legislation that should be passed is getting money out of politics?  
Three years in the White House and Obama goes from having no experience to a "career politician"? 
Ruck.us: A Social Network That Focuses On Politics 
thanks seamus! RT SeamusCampbell: nathandaschle theruckus was named one of makeuseof's Cool Websites and Tools 
So glad that there is still some common sense left in politics. Gingrich's stance on judges draws fire from right 
RT KristNovoselic: OK, so no Facebook for me. I am doing Ruck.us - social networking for those interested in politics. theruckus 
RIP RT RayGlendening: "Impossible...2 imagine [not] going 2 those parties...without having those late nights, without that 2nd bottle." -CH 
michaelschertz ha...yeah but i don't mind. 
fatty's custom tattooz takes his case to dc city council - helps washingtonians get better ink. via washtimes 
Amir Khan appeals scoring in title-fight loss to Lamont Peterson - ESPN 
Feel bad for Santorum. He's the only GOPer who hasn't gotten a date yet. 
fascinating how much time fox news spends covering atheism around this time of year. 
What One Word Do You Associate with Newt Gingrich?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
i'm not complaining, but the crossroads anti-obama solyndra ad (again, running on dc cable) seems way off-message. 
One of the nice things about DC is that everything becomes clear "at the end of the day." 
Congratulations to politicsnstereo for today's launch. 
If you like politics, you have to check out politicsinstereo.com. A brilliant new site that gives you all perspectives at once. 
RT theruckus: Congrats to troopswap on their new round of funding. Great  co. with a great purpose. Well deserved. 
Skins. Grossman. Unreal. 
Great night for  last nite. Mayhem Mitchell and Lamont Peterson bringing back great  legacy of this city. 
peterbaptista I think you are right. The point deduction killed him. 
craasch Peterson by majority decision. Big blow to Khan. 
Crowd booing Khan for blaming the ref 
beychok davidjones2898 ref seemed a bit aggressive 
Congrats to local trainer Hunter for the  win 
Fights breaking out. Not the sanctioned kind.  
Holy  
I have it 112-111 khan 
I have it Khan 6-5 but not surprised if its other way 
It's a Peterson fight so far.  
Boom.  
Crowd loves some Seth Mayhem Mitchell.  
Fight night in DC 
Passing thru  on my way to  
ha...he signed off "best." Investment Manager's Embarrassing Email Lands On Reddit, Goes Viral via huffingtonpost 
hunter is a legend of  RT FreddieRoach Me  peterson coach barry hunter - just business in ring. great guy. 
Should We Shoot Home Intruders?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
can't believe dc press doesn't call out presidential candidates (or nat'l party committees) for buying dc cable. 
RIP Col. Sherman Potter 
3 days and counting. can't wait for  Khan is happy to take the fight to D.C. 
drbekafigo done 
i thought this was an onion headline at first RT mikeallen: AP: Former Vice President Dan Quayle is endorsing Mitt Romney 
i'd like to see a campaign one day admit that the stakes, in fact, have been higher before. 
knew grossman didn't have a turnover-free game in him. 
RT danrafaelespn It's hard to view Margarito's career now as anything other than a fraud.   
RT trboxing Cotto wins by TKO: keeps his title, maintains his pride, has his revenge. To say the crowd is fired up is gross understatement. 
rios uppercut is brutal. 
rodriguez must feel like he's trying to knock down an oak. credit wolak for not going down.  
here's hoping we see a little  revenge tonight. 
love this time of year. back to back to back      
Growing Options.  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Pelosi is going to push the Stock Act to ban insider trading by members of Congress. What do you think?  
Join me and nominate Ruck.us for the Biggest Social Impact 2011 Crunchie!  
RT BuddyRoemer:  gt;gt; Newt says referendums are "un-American." Where do you stand? theruckus 
see, this the  i know and love. 
Ugly  
The Start of a Trend?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
fascinating. 'Abandoned' by GOP, Johnson could seek Libertarian nod 
future of  is tonight. canelo alvarez, who is closer in age to my 9 year old son than to me. 
RT BuddyRoemer Let's be thankful for all those standing up to tyranny  corruption  demanding Wall St.  DC accountability  transparency. 
Partisanship  the Failure of the Super Committee : 
The end of mass. Please consider WEIRD via ThisIsSethsBlog 
DC 2011 scorecard: fall 1, spring 0 (summer is not even allowed in the game) 
Anyone running for president should have one belief or position that's politically unpopular. 
I have a new respect for Newt. 
FranklinLDavis yes you do. 
turning off  debate for season 2 of the wire. 
i don't know if i could trust candidates like perry who sport a 3/4 hair part. seems like they are just trying to please both sides. 
in politics, "my good friend" = i hate your face 
newt gingrich has never enjoyed so many people asking him his opinion. 
Didn't Romney Lie in His New Ad? via pwire 
Thanksgiving Touch Football Rules via WSJ 
RT KristNovoselic Who is to Blame for Super Committee Flop? - WE VOTERS / CITIZENS ARE!!!?  Ruck.us Blog t.co/sEC5AIXR via theruckus 
Who is to Blame?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
JerRScott no kidding! i wish there were more firms like yours. my old firm offered none of that. 
After Law School, Associates Learn to Be Lawyers:  
My answer on who is to blame for the supercommittee's failure: via POLITICO 
sounds like its time for the VERY super committee to step in.  
noahchestnut davidchalian where would be without false confidence? does make for a painful post season though. 
MarQueis Gray is a tank 
noahchestnut i will and i'll drag along davidchalian 
noahchestnut btw this is how old and out of it i am. what's the alum bar? 
can't get enough of jacob schmidt.  
noahchestnut love me some jacob schmidt 
noahchestnut you watching the  game? 
Shooting in DC's mission district. cc: johnblandford RayGlendening 
RT VotersAct: Great event tonight put on by votifi AmericansElect  theruckus on tech  politics.  
this bachus insider trading story is a little nuts. 
Will Millenniums Break the American Two Party System Lock? via bi_contributors 
yesterday's reactions to the supreme court's decision to take up health care were the political equivalent of pre-fight trash talk. 
sensing  revisionist history creeping in. look, the fight was close, but you can't beat the champ backing up  landing fewer shots. 
Answer my question on Ruck.us. Should members of Congress be allowed to trade stocks based on inside info?  
3 fights w/ same outcome. do we really need a 4th? RT Davidjones2898: RT BBCWorld:  deserves rematch - Roach 
i want to see Davidjones2898 take over for kellerman or lampley. who's with me? cc: danrafaelespn beychock RayGlendening 
Davidjones2898 beychock RayGlendening one judge in 1st fight messed up score. if had gotten it right, would have been a Pac W. 
points and scorecards aside,  still subjective sport. some judges reward aggressiveness. some like danrafaelespn don't. 
great fight among two equals. marquez owns the loss though. have to be more aggressive and show you want the win.  
If I ever become rich, I am going to hire Jimi Jamison to sing when I enter a room.  
Joe Frazier 
Alvarado looking good.  
RT Davidjones2898: MANNY KNOWS SPEED. MANNY KNOWS POWER.  nathandaschle beychok vegasjake susanmccue RayGlendening  
SeamusCampbell ha thanks. i love those ads. 
I'd be a huge Joe Frazier fan if he were fighting today.  
Ben Smith: Frontiers of "Oops" via POLITICO 
MT theruckus: Hahatrue! RT capitalfellow:  startup theruckus changes their 404 page in honor of Rick Perry 
crossroads "grassroots" running VA SEN ads on MSNBC in DC. didn't realize how many regular VAns travel to dc in the am to watch morning joe. 
U.S. soldiers at war: The forgotten 1 percent - The Washington Post via washingtonpost 
The Other Problem With Perry's 'Oops' Moment: 
The Perry gaffe reveals the phoniness of so many campaigns. If you can't remember it, you don't really believe it. 
KearneyAndrew will check it out! 
re-watching the perry flop feels a little like re-watching the asham-beagle fight. with competence ending up like beagle's face. 
george w bush is out there laughing somewhere. 
hey ron paul - david byrne called... 
not sure why any presidential candidate thinks its helpful to begin an answer with "i wrote legislation on this 20 years ago" 
hey cramer - oscar goodman called. he wants his suit back. 
partisan audiences = shooting fish in a barrel. 
romney has more hair out of place than i have on my head. 
 
McCain predicts 3rd party. 
check out my new blog post -- 2012: One Year Out  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Joe Frazier, Ex-Heavyweight Champ, Dies at 67: 
How to Make it in America. Best show on tv. 
My answer on Should Mississippi \'personhood\' proposal pass? via POLITICO 
Funny thing about Dexter intro - he cuts himself shaving and then walks out of his apartment with stubble. 
Americans torn between the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street would back an independent for Preside.. 
Answer my question on Ruck.us: Is David Axelrod right? via theruckus  
A year from Election Day 2012, a dark mood awaits Obama and his GOP rival - The Washington Post via washingtonpost 
DavidChalian jealous! 
great shot of nebraska fans heading to the exit.  
BOOM  
noahchestnut true 
noahchestnut also liked him at WR w/ trevor siemian at QB. 
loving me some kain colter.  
Answer my question on Ruck.us. Warren Buffet says he could end the federal budget deficit in five minutes...  
RT RayGlendening For those in MD/DC area, nathandaschle and I will be on MPT's State Circle tonight discussing theruckus. 
RT RonSupportsYou 2 nathandaschle "If u could nominate anyone to be an Ind or 3rd party cand in 2012,who would it be?" // Jon Huntsman 
msnbcTomCurry you can answer however you like. 
If you could nominate anyone to be an Independent or third party candidate for Pres in 2012, who would it be?  
When you think of President Obama, what single word first comes to mind?  
steveschale true 
Check it out. RT theruckus: We have improved Ruck.us. Check out our new features and updates. 
Starting to really resent Klout. Makes me feel like that kid whose parents told him he was never good enough. 
RT RayGlendening: My work on earth is complete. Within an hour, Buddy Roemer  Roseanne Barr tweeted about theruckus. Good night.  
Check out Occupy Student Debt Day  
Jim Webb goes out swinging - Manu Raju - via POLITICO 
Poll: sub-50 ratings for both major political parties via washingtonpost 
next time you think life is hard, re-read the obit for dorothy rodham. real life steinbeck-like story of courage thru hardship. 
Listening to Haley Barbour talk about Fallopian tubes on MSNBC. 
have people already made the argument that kim kardashian is a bigger threat to the sanctity of marriage than two men or women? 
RT theruckus: Stay tuned for a number of new releases to Ruck.us tomorrow.  
My answer on Quora to: Why are Americans so fond of presidential candidates who are crazy, uneducated, and ... 
RT RayGlendening: Please read the Halloween Edition  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
did not know northwestern was capable of scoring 58 points. 
likewise. RT PhilipSoriano: RayGlendening nathandaschle Great meeting you guys this week. Let's stay in touch. (Cc: hughandcrye ) 
sometimes its really hard to tell if an informercial is legit or an impromptu SNL skit.  
JohnAvlon is spot on. I blame the political industry's risk aversion. The End of TV Campaign Ads? via pwire 
can't see the conflict. MT jilldaschle: My 5yr old bullied today. My 9yr pledged vengeance ("I will beat his face in"). Feeling conflicted 
my latest blog post: brush building on the forest floor.  
Just posted a new Q on Ruck.us: "When you think of President Obama, what single word first comes to mind?" 
SeamusCampbell well, they'd have my vote. 
ahil and revenge of the nerds, family ties...all of a sudden these feel cheapened... 
espn still making the "guy carrying a purse" joke. a stretch even for the hangover. i thought that joke went out with jack tripper. 
ha...+1 RT BTpolitics nathandaschle - Iceland sounds like my family at Thanksgiving! 
so excited for espn's "the real rocky" on tonight at 8.  
interesting. according to michael lewis' new book, iceland has 300,000 people - all blood related - and they still have 4 political parties. 
really excited about dc's hughandcrye. check them out if you haven't already. 
Brilliant. Are Law Schools and Bar Exams Necessary?: 
RT RayGlendening: theruckus panel submission idea for  got accepted today. Thrilled. 
RT theruckus: Think all is relatively quiet in our country's partisan fight? Check state capitols. 
team pacquaio followers - what is alex ariza's job? come on, that guy is manny's conditioning coach?  
timcheadle +1 
Who are the suburbs kidding with their "Towne Centres"? Is the Olde English spelling supposed to make me forget I am in Landover? 
dc police - a little heads up before you close off half the city would be helpful. 
Wall Street protests test the nation's various Obamas via Salem_Statesman 
I'm not sure if Herman Cain understands what Pro Life/Choice means. 
thanks noah MT noahchestnut  nathandaschle  RayGlendening for their awesome work at theruckus. Check it out during your free time. 
The Politics of Qaddafi  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
My answer on Quora to: What are some efficient ways to build consensus? 
70 (!) of  supporters are politically independent. 
Associations - the most important part of a political message via pwire 
Majority Backs Wall Street Protests via pwire 
post office - just raise it 5 cents and be done for awhile. it's really not the money - its the drawer full of 35-42 cent stamps I have. 
RT RayGlendening amyewalter Happy bday bud. 
interesting read on WH online petition site: Dear White House: Tell the Truth About E.T. via earlsa 
RT RayGlendening On way 2  w/ nathandaschle 2 discuss issues with a soldout Cornell Auditorium. Excited.   
interesting that  protestors don't want to align with either party.  
among other things, arbabsiar is not doing much for the broader cause of moustache or mullet acceptance. 
what a catch 
to quote rayglendening, dc city council is the only gov't body that makes congress look good. via washingtonpost 
Dawson TKOs Hopkins via bodyslam. B/w this  Mayweather, hard 2 see how sport can be discredited more. Need new refs. 
ahil jilldaschle truth! 
KristNovoselic it was great writing with you. would love to do it again sometime. 
huffingtonpost was kind enough to post my piece with kristnovoselic today. The Day the Parties Died  
enjoyed being on tonite's Patriocracy panel w/ eleanorclift, mickie edwards, mort kondracke, and bill galston. shared concern; diff fixes. 
SeamusCampbell thank you 
RT theruckus: theruckus after being announced as 1 of 5 winners at   
MT theruckus: Thanks to everyone at fortifyvc  event sponsors! RT RayGlendening: Thrilled theruckus was a top 5 winner today for  
nfolson thank you Nate 
RT fortifyvc No one likes our 2 party system. Shock the system by finding like minded people without the labels. theruckus  
Exonerated of Murder, Dewey Bozella Makes a Boxing Debut: 
- Polling Matters by Frank Newport: Tea Party, Occupy Wall Street, and Steve Jobs: via AddThis 
RT RayGlendening Very excited that theruckus is presenting at fortifyvc tomorrow II Special thanks to the sponsors.   
PamTaeuffer PatTibbs its definitely as good as they say. maybe better. hope you get a chance to see it. 
Headed to see bookofmormon. Hope its as great as everyone says. 
Would you support a third party or Independent candidate for President?  
My answer on Quora to: How is the US able to maintain a bi-party political system? 
My answer on Quora to: Does the United States need political parties? 
RT SeanDarcyNJ  RayGlendening and theruckus for insight and debate on the issues without the partisan clutter. 
Great piece by Matt Bai on the legacy of Steve Jobs w/ respect to politics via theruckus 
Wall Street protesters disgusted with both parties via BostonDotCom 
RT theruckus: Check out our latest blog post in memory of Steve Jobs: "Think Different"  
Check it out - Ruck.us now featuring DylanRatigan's Get Money Out petition.  
when the wall street occupiers come to dc, can they stop at comcast first? if comcast worked, all of our problems would be solved. 
This is HUGE. HBO-level boxing coming to DC on Dec. 10 Locals Peterson and Mitchell  champ Amir Khan.  
congrats to ertwv and DemGovs for a great win tonight. lets of kudos to go around. 
RT SeanDarcyNJ Strong review of theruckus by RTT_AR bit.ly/osxtDt Ruck.Us is 4 people w strong opinions on political issues, not D vs R 
thank you RT tdold: nathandaschle Great seeing Ruck.us in usatoday and mashable today! 
Ruck.us in Mashable. 2012 Election: 3 Digital Platforms Poised to Change the Conversation via mashdevdesign mashable 
the definition of sacrificing long term success for short term gain - letting rush limbaugh come to your defense in a republican primary. 
Ruck.us in USA Today. Can this government be fixed? Three steps that might help: via USATODAY  
RT theruckus: Excited that Ruck.us was selected to present at next week's Distilled Intelligence 1.0.  
RT theruckus: What's Your View on the Wall Street Protests?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
RGA going big in  with DC broadcast. kept interrupting the skins game. 
RT theruckus: Ruck.us: A Social Network That Focuses On Politics via makeuseof 
RT theruckus: Just added two more actions: Draft Chris Christie '12 and protect the Grizzly habitat. LOTS of different issues.  
check this out from gallup today. majority of americans support 3rd party (and have since 2006) 
Thanks! RT Fueled: Ruck.us moves around politicians to spark greater change: nathandaschle RayGlendening theruckus 
bookbuster you should be able to register without providing your zip code. 
jonmtilton you try atlas project? 
RT ChrisNGonzales: After reading by TheMan, I think Dao would like how theruckus is trying to empower citizens. 
bookbuster Very good point. of course we want everyone to feel welcome. zip code is so users can do local politics. how did you sign in? 
Thanks Nate! RT nfolson: theruckus (led by nathandaschle et al.) gets some techcrunch love 
Thanks! RT earlsa: Check out my friend Nathan's new Co., gamechanging. MT Ruck.us: Issues, Not Parties via TechCrunch 
Political Sons Launch Ruck.us, A Social Engagement Platform Based On Issues, NotParties via techcrunch 
Ruck On: Political Startup Ruck.us Officially Launches via techcocktail 
Historic Negativity Toward U.S. Government via pwire 
here's a new argument obama can try: if we didn't pay taxes, we'd lose our right to be so indignant about government. 
RT jilldaschle: Loving the new  album, Brighter Days, Live. Thx for sending!   
Launch Day +2  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
has there ever been a cooler song than joy division's "love will tear us apart"? 
RT theruckus A big Ruckus welcome to the original ruckus ringer...SenatorSanders. 
you will be the first call we make. MT AllThingsGo Congrats 2 nathandaschle  theruckus 4 launch of ruck.us. Now, about the launch party 
RT theruckus: We just joined AngelList - a community of startups and top-tier investors. Check it out here  
RT RayGlendening: RT jmartpolitico: As prevu'd in AM Score, the Daschle/ Glendening is now live. Tweeting theruckus 
RT theruckus: We are live!  
Crash The Parties via huffingtonpost  
Just got back from a team  workout at the Y w/ assafweinberg RayGlendening. Not sure Ray left much of the heavy bag behind. 
RT theruckus: Stay tuned for an exciting announcement from Ruckus in the next 24 hours.  
and no gender gap. wow. RT pwire: Cuomo has to be one of the most popular governors in the country... 
good line MT PhilPerspective RT nathandaschle: anyone looked into whether buffet's sec just has a bad accountant?//U should be one 2 talk 
has anyone looked into whether buffet's secretary just has a bad accountant? 
has pacquiao commented on the coldcock heard round the world yet? 
floyd will give ortiz a rematch but can't find a way to fight pac?  ok i'm done. maybe. 
True. MT nick_ayers floydmayweather said this would polish his legacy. It did: scared of Pac  cheated w/Ortiz 
the PPV for the next floyd fight is going to be stratospheric 
floyd is too cheap to be called money. 
beychok Davidjones2898 cortez should be fired. he wasn't even paying attention. floyd has no class in a sport that needs it. 
merchant: "but i would have tried." 
ortiz' gloves were down. 
floyd shows again what a class act he is. 
that was the definition of a sucker punch. cortez shoud be fired. 
cheapest move i have ever seen.  
a lot of boos for floyd tonight. 
wow. ortiz is 17 pounds heavier than when he weighed in. 
keep in mind alvarez fought just three months ago. 
morales - cano alone was worth the PPV $.  
for anyone who bought mayweather-ortiz, alvarez v. gomez is going to be a great undercard fight. alvarez is a huge up and comer. 
Cotto v. Margarito 2? Wow. 
RT Davidjones2898: Pulling for ViciousOrtiz 2night against floydmayweather  nathandaschle beychok  vegasjake r watchin 
finding the fight was a little like looking for hoffa, but dc native seth "mayhem" mitchell was impressive last nite. 3rd round TKO. 
benpolitico yes. 
benpolitico nick_ayers the statement by Manchin's office is same as how i remember the letter. 
nick_ayers floyd on points. his speed will be too much for ortiz, but he's too cautious to try to KO the guy. 
"The trouble with quotes on the internet is that it's difficult to discern whether or not they are genuine." Abraham Lincoln (via MD Moiles) 
RayGlendening gordonhensleydc i think its floyd's speed that will get him. but floyd is cautious. floyd on points. 
RT RayGlendening: Here is your primer for Mayweather/Ortiz. 
RT HotlineJosh: And Carville says he shd fire his political team RT tobyharnden James Carville's advice: "panic" 
Davidjones2898 as much as I want to see viciousortiz KO floydmayweather, this is Floyds flight to lose. Don't see a points win though. 
Not sure I buy this, but...Ortiz-Mayweather: Five reasons Victor Ortiz will beat Floyd Mayweather - ESPN 
danrafaelespn what's your take on our local DC fighter seth mayhem mitchell? 
Please  my fourth favorite Glendening RayGlendening. 
My new blog post: Which Republican Has the Most Klout?  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Truly boggles my mind that anyone would think that BANNING a relationship b/w 2 consenting adults should be a gov't priority (now or ever). 
Indecent via DishFeed 
Lt. Dan Choi finds gay rights salvation in GOP field 
RT theruckus: I guest blogged today on JoeTrippi blog. If you have time, check out 
Nadal and Djokovich giving fans their money's worth. Two incredible champions. 
NickTroiano thanks. Fun to join the call. Best of luck. 
BharatKrishnan yes, i know nicktroiano and he is doing great things. thanks for your kind tweet. best of luck to you. 
BharatKrishnan well, that's not how i see it. they are trying to create a better, more democratic nominating process, which i support. 
looking forward to tonight's call with americanselect. great group we are proud to call partners. 
serena refuses to shake hands with the ump. 
CA_Mod thanks. we hope so. great to connect with you! 
JerRScott excellent. thanks! 
Will Obama's jobs plan work?: via POLITICO 
weird that joe manchin didn't get a better seat tonight. 
The President's jobs plan must be digestible (do we understand it?), recognizable (has it worked before?), and acceptable (do we want it?). 
RT ppppolls: Manchin tied for 5th most popular out of 87 Senators we've polled. Inouye/Barrasso/Enzi/Sanders do better: 
My Takeaway from Last Nights Debate  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
N. Haley's refusal to endorse Huntsman is unsurprising but example of the tremendous power of party gatekeepers 2 decide for the rest of us. 
DC folks: this is a local fighter emerging on the nat'l scene. Heavyweight Seth Mitchell now fighting on Sept. 16 - ESPN 
Um.""Even Galileo got outvoted for a spell."? 
RT aburnspolitico: RT nycsouthpaw Huntsman is really gunning for Aaron Sorkin's vote. 
sounds like Huntsman is going to run as an indie. 
MT: danrafaelespn: He's looking for the KO, I'm looking for the KO. Won't go the distance, I guarantee." FloydMayweather on VICIOUSortiz 
MT KyraJennings: One of most amazing women I know, AlexSinkFlorida just launched the FL Next Foundation. Her work for FL is inspirational. 
JerRScott we expect to launch this month. We'd love for you to be one of our first users. 
RT theruckus We have a guest blog piece up with our friends DCStudentsSpeak. Pls check it out. bit.ly/rnlenh 
RT nathanlgonzales: NIrvana, Michelle Ree, the DGA, and SXSW all in my latest story on theruckus roll.cl/oDOq9a 
encourage everyone to check out fairvote. good ideas re: reforming our political mess. 
anyone else watching this djokovic match? incredible. 
NU tcb (and w/o Persa)! 
Former Indie prez candidate John Anderson talks about theruckus. Tired of partisan gridlock? 
AllThingsGo i'm a 24/7 fanatic. mayweather is his own worst enemy. scared because of his perfect record. 
Closest thing we will see to a real-life Rocky-Apollo. I'd love to see Mayweather endure 1 round like this.  
Interesting piece by David Paul via huffingtonpost 
Check out the Bisnow story on theruckus.  
Mitt Romney, if elected, would walk into the WH w/ less government experience than Obama had. 
probably a weird time for anyone named irene right now. 
theruckus: Caddell and Schoen - Expect a 3rd party or Independent Candidate in 2012.  
Floyd Mayweather highlight reel.  
timcheadle yeah baseball was probably a bad choice for his cover. 
they never are. RT pwire Male lawmaker admits to paying man on Craigslist for "a good time" but insists he's not gay... pwire.at/qbeOFL 
theruckus: Is Huntsman Laying the Groundwork for an Indie Run?  
maybe there is something to this global warming thing. 
just got the email from DCPS that all kids are safe5 min after school let out. typo in subject line. can't make this stuff up. 
here comes the west coast earthquake snobbery. 
Did DC just have an earthquake? 
jilldaschle see, its science. Males believe discussing problems is a waste of time, study shows: via AddThis 
gordonhensleydc yep. looked like a belt shot to me. 
Zab Judah files formal protest over unification fight loss to Amir Khan - ESPN 
My latest blog post: "Disruption"   
this morning brings good news. season two of "idiot abroad" trailer is out. via TheDailyWhat 
Funny. My son Tru is getting email spam from the RNC addressed to "Tom Daschle." I am pretty neither signed up for their emails. 
cneals great to meet you and welcome to DC. i will send you some info soon. everyone, check out grub.ly. fantastic new site for foodies. 
The Correspondents Explain The Democratic Party 
The Correspondents Explain - The Republican Party 
This is a must watch. Daily Show Correspondents Explain The Two-Party System 
GOOGLE+. Why discussions about "real names" are out-of-date 
Democrats Have a Growing Enthusiasm Problem via pwire 
The action is still in the junior welterweight div. Check out DC native Peterson! ESPN's division-by-division rankings 
theruckus: Another piece on the forces pushing against the 2 party duopoly.  
humility is only a day away.  
How's that for payback? Chafee: I really have my hands full here before I can think about presidential endorsements." 
Tim Pawlenty and the limits of ideological purity - The Washington Post via washingtonpost 
Starbucks CEO: Don't donate to pols - Jennifer Epstein - POLITICO.com: via POLITICO 
Thank you Nick! RT NickTroiano Got my vote! MT nathandaschle: Vote for theruckus SXSW panel bit.ly/qoD6Bc 
RT theruckus We submitted a proposal for a SXSW panel on how social media is growing at expense of institutions. Vote here: bit.ly/qoD6Bc 
Who can argue with this? Mike Tyson's ESPN New York HOF spot well deserved - ESPN 
Health Care Law Individual Mandate Ruled Unconstitutional By Appeals Court via huffingtonpost 
thanks and back at you! RT mdotDC  jarviscstewart marcidale rkbtwo nathandaschle nick_ayers JRhea_ SouthJerseyBro davidaxelrod 
This can't be the right response. Britain proposes a social-mediaban 
wow. new democracy corp poll shows 53 (!) would consider voting for 3rd party candidate. greenberg releases results at noon today. 
Context  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
Manny Pacquiao back to HBO for Juan Manuel Marquez fight - ESPN 
Ruck.us Word Cloud  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
asherhuey FLmeetsDC TheFicelle will check them out! 
i'd like to strike a general truce. i won't recline my seat in our tiny coach cabin if you won't recline yours. 
TheFix: Congress reaches new lows. Again. 
mongolloyd1 hanot likely, but i am glad you like ruck.us. we will launch the rest of the site soon. you are exactly who we need! 
At best new sandwich place in DC- SUNdeVICH 
for some good clean "isle of man" fun and laughs at the expense of our politics, check out last night's daily show bit.ly/oIwlZV 
We should follow the right Washington.  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
edgarmakinnon exactly 
There's something ironic about this. Political parties trade blame for downgrade in U.S. credit rating - 
wow. 
IGH_Lauren Thanks for the  
mongolloyd1 holy smokes. mike! long time! how are you? 
Love the irony that Mark Zuckerberg is the most popular person on Google+. 
Will We See the Fourth Change Election in a Row?  
ate fried pigeon last nite. and it was good. 
NCentristParty thanks for the love. 
How Social Media is Empowering Individuals (and Issues) at the Expense of Institutions: via AddThis 
Amir Khan serves up notice with fifth-round KO over Zab Judah - ESPN 
The volume for change has been turned up.  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
jonathanweisman and its only getting worse. 
Yussipick would love to tell you more! Let's get together for coffee sometime in DC. 
Yussipick nice to meet you at Google today. 
No Moderate GOP Governors via pwire 
rickklein davidchalian amyewalter check out Taegan Goddard's page. 
DavidChalian rickklein amyewalter great to see you at Google+ demo. theruckus. 
Ha...Judge says Jose Canseco owes boxing promoter $ for skipping fight and sending twin brother instead - delcotimes.com 
RT theruckus The Uncommon Linear Political Trend.  
Google+ Approaches 18 Million Users [REPORT] 
KO in one punch. So awesome. White Supremacist Picks Fight with Boxing Champ via pwire 
 Governors gag over D.C. dysfunction 
Listening to the indie pop/indie rock room. Now playing Givers: Noche Nada   
SeamusCampbell good point. 
Marion Barry's Son Arrested on Drug Charges via pwire 
via MattBai In Debt Ceiling Fight, Obama Has the Edge - 
Marcus Bachman's clinic would be funny if it weren't so sad. 
Anyone who thinks  is a dead sport should watch Rios -Antillon fight tonite. 
This Week in Politics  Digital: Party Crashers 
unwrinkledbrain ha...my brain is in a pretzel. 
one concept i can't cognitively grasp is the infiniteness of space. i still feel like there must be a wall somewhere. 
still a pretty magical experience. 
Bittersweet day for fans of the people's champion. Ricky Hatton formally announces retirement from boxing - ESPN 
10 Top Google+ Users Weigh In on the Webs Newest Social Network 
OPEN THREAD: Do Twitter Town Halls Serve the Common Good? 
infoevp likewise. Would love to stay in touch. 
NadineHack I absolutely will and please check out my project, www.ruck.us. 
Congratulations to DemGovs for a great mid-year fundraising report. Great team over there that will no doubt have a successful year. 
RT NadineHack US definitely needs something 2 stop political gridlock RT nathandaschle Friedman sez we need 3rd party blog.ruck.us/?p=318 
Interesting is an understatement. RT BlueTrooth Gov Brian Schweitzer D-MT makes note of a "very interesting" poll 
Tom Friedman says we need a third party. 
Ray just ordered Ruck.us' first set of business cards. From this guy. 
Check out this great piece from one of theruckus' advisors, richtafel. Eight Steps to a Successful Policy Pitch 
Floyd Mayweather Jr. denies accusing Manny Pacquiao of using steroids, says he's open to fighting t.. 
Why Is He Bi? (Sigh) - 
branchespsp Thanks for the love! 
Please vote for Ruck.us! MT theruckus killerstartups.com/Web20/ruck-us-  
had a moment of genuine pride as a dad tonight when my 9 year old quoted ferris bueller for the first time. 
Ruck.us is looking for input. Please let us know your thoughts.  
If you live in VA, pls check out Lopez4VA. I've known him for 15 years and think he'd make a great delegate. Just sent $ too. 
This is how government should work. RT TheFix Andrew Cuomo, 2016 frontrunner? 
Check out Governormarkell tomorrow am. MT morningjoeguest: FRI: Donny_Deutsch samsteinhp GovernorMarkell  others. 
Republicans and Gay Marriage via pwire 
The Huntsman Question.  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
susquinn thank you! 
Fascinating interview of Jon Stewart on Fox News right now. 
If you are at home with nothing to do, turn on HBO and watch the Alvarez fight. One of the hottest young fighters. 
great time tonight at DC techcocktail mixer. there is some amazing innovation taking place in this city. 
GOP NY Sen comes out for marriage equality. check out the awesome quote. 
daveweigel thought I was! Done 
Watchdogsniffer jilldaschle we had slight overload today but are back up. Pls try again. 
RT jilldaschle Lets hope the NY Senate follows. RT BreakingNews New York Assembly approves same-sex marriage - cnnbrk bit.ly/iI9zOr 
daveweigel unfortunately no. back here for ruck.us business. maybe catch up in dc at some point? 
daveweigel great Qs on distinctions w/ FB and the power of collective action on the web. Would love to talk more about both. 
Great to be on DylanRatigan today w/ panelists mattmillernow janehamsher  fellow NU grad daveweigel. Thx for the thoughtful Qs.  
BootFooker sure like they do in WA? 
Off to NYC for  
RT techcocktail Creating a theruckus - no political parties, just people - by monikacjansen 
Tonights GOP Debate and the Politics of Associations  Ruck.us Blog via theruckus 
mdotDC thanks for the  Right back at you. 
in case you missed it, sugar ray said on morning joe this morning that he slipped - no knock down - in fight against dickie eklund. 
benhatten i am afraid to know. 
the 62 page itunes "contract" i just agreed to w/ a click seems to test the boundaries of common sense. has any human ever read this? 
disappointed the DOJ is bringing a sure loser case against Edwards. it will only give an undeserving man the appearance of vindication. 
Ff Levin_Matthew 
i am going to admit my ignorance. i didn't know "certitude" was a word. 
RT LIVESTRONGCEO So glad to see theruckus site up and running. Check it out and add your voice - 
The best defense Anthony Weiner has is that this would just be so incredibly lame. 
To park for two hours on the street, the city would like me to have 16 quarters handy. Who has 16 quarters? 
BigGuyRuckus jilldaschle just landed. I think our pilot messed up and flew us to Phoenix. 
benhatten thanks Ben! 
Love airlines that have inflight wireless. Definitely thought it would be standard by now. 
Good day today, but just the first step of a (hopefully) very long road. Still, I am beat. Thanks for all of the well wishes.  
timcheadle thanks for all of your help! 
Ruck.us "early access" site is now live. Check it out, fill out ur profile, share with fam  friends, and bring the  www.ruck.us. 
gregtarpinian so true. 
The older I get, the more I admire Bernard Hopkins. 
Washington Schools Former Foes Join Forces on Education Reform - 
The Republican robo calls in WV accusing Manchin of being TOO close to Pres Obama are politics at its most absurd. 
might be time to revisit the definition of "breaking news." MT BreakingNews: Tim Pawlenty is running for president 
Great piece today by Matt Bai: Race and Republican Attacks on Obama - 
BigGuyRuckus old guys have to stick together.  
TheNewKennedy i am not sure i buy this yet. lets see if a more mainstream outlet picks it up. 
listening to the beastie boys new album. love how often these guys introduce themselves. yes, i know your name is mca. 
hotlinereid has a great piece today. the title says it all: "The Declining Relevance Of Parties"  
say it ain't so Manny! MT SugarShaneM Pacquiao ex-sparring partner came out stating that he would inject him w steroids.  
governormarkell's protection of marriage equality shows why he is one the best leaders in the country. it was an honor to work for him. 
The Dexter intro still makes me hungry. 
Just finished Dexter season 3 and started 4. Now really freaked out by the John Lithgow children's book on my son's bookshelf. 
really enjoyed meeting milliemay and everyone at sandboxind today. very smart group. 
Off to Chicago for  Sneak preview coming soon. 
JoelLlewellyn it would be a great fight no doubt. But the hold up seems to be Floyd. 
 needs more class acts like Pac and Mosley. 
Good to see Pavlik come out on top too, but he is a ghost of his former self.  
Mayweather is so protective of his perfect record he needs to see a dodge = a loss to fight Pac.  
Sugar is a great champ but no match for the best fighter in the world. This is Pacman's world.   
BigGuyRuckus jilldaschle ashlb_ruckus let's see if holdmyfeetduringkegstand is back from Atlantic city by then. 
Rosi_Efthim ha...its arguable which was more comedic. 
Watching Family Vacation. They just don't make movies like this anymore. 
Make sure to check out the Pew study on the rise of independents. Key finding: independent does not equal moderate. 
jilldaschle ponybraxton irishoconnor not sure who will win but pretty sure I'll be the loser. 
Great night. 
Agree. Doing Table 13 proud. RT jilldaschle irishoconnor u rocked the house last night! Well done. 
jilldaschle earlsa the only dilemma is whether we play at 10 or 10:30. 
Trump thinks we are all idiots. 
The media sure does spend a lot of time talking about what a non-issue the birth certificate is. 
Donald Trump's media moment - Jonathan Martin - POLITICO.com 
Zbikowski: "In boxing, it's the fear of being beaten in a very public setting and when you are all alone out there." 
Internet politics: Social media a defining force in presidential campaigns - latimes.com  
Zbikowski goes to 3-0. baltimoresun.com  
RT LIVESTRONGCEO Getting excited for the launch of www.ruck.us - cool way to organize around issues that you care about! 
Great piece on the legacy of Ayn Rand: individualist who defied categorization. WSJ: Remembering the Real Ayn Rand 
GOAL!!  
GOAL!  
Truly the best news I have heard in days. Karl Pilkington is back for season 2! 
Go CAPS! 
heading off to game 1 of CAPS - rangers w/ son henry. can't wait. 
What is Ruck.us? Get your invite at www.ruck.us.  
johnbrougher that's him. yes, we've spent 20+ hours together. there is no one better in the DC area. 
johnbrougher Fatty is the best custom tattoo artist in DC. He will design anything, usually free hand, and his artwork is amazing. 
jakerubindc jilldaschle well look at that. LA following DC's lead on what's hot. 
congratulations to nick_ayers. smart move by pawlenty. 
RonSupportsYou you might be right. 
Purported "winners" and "losers" aside, I am really happy they got it done. This is how government should work (for the most part). 
The Take: Bitter fight makes both sides look bad 
GREAT piece: "The prospect of a government shutdown represents a profound failure of our political markets." 
jilldaschle hard for Duff to judge considering his lifetime attendance record of zero. 
Off to Vegas. How different the mental state is going to the airport than coming home from the airport in 2 days. 
Yikes. Facebook Is Tool for Trial Lawyers Scouring Juror Profiles to Unearth Bias - Bloomberg via BloombergNow 
Davidjones2898 never replied to this. not yet, but hoping to. you? 
Interesting piece. Pakistan Is Also Erupting -- Against the U.S. - 
Molly Ball is spot on in Politico this morning.  
Among Independents, Poll Favors Obama Over Congress - 
irishoconnor jilldaschle lets see what you've got. 
just realized i've been added to the list "bald." there it is. 
 jilldaschle tweetruckus KimballStroud RebeccaMendel kerievsky Davidjones2898 
"cup"...haha...MT jdaschle Just off usair shuttle...amazing how a cup full of really bad wine still hits the spot at end of a long week. 
Heading up to NYC to see one of my fav bands JJ Grey and Mofro. 
Good to see bryandelaney and all the other guys skookum at  Love working with this team. 
Skookum boom. 
joetrippi is spot on: Check out the comments too.  
newmediaventure cool. We are at the bar on the back. 
Just took a pic w Iron Mike Tyson.  now officially a success. 
At great panel w/ the great Pete Snyder and the great JoeTrippi. 
newmediaventure christiegeorge would love to meet. Where is dc meetup? 
At Salt Lick BBQ. Looking forward to the experience. 
quickish good to see you last night. Don't forget about the Martinez fight! 
Enjoyed todays panel w Steve Blank and glusman. Lot of good insights.  
Want to meet us for dinner at 8 at the W? 
Just landed in Austin.   
So proud to say  jilldaschle. 
Christie's Blunt Talk Not Always Straight via pwire 
Ali-Frazier: The day boxing's 'mothership' landed - ESPN 
Most important quality in a Governor is leadership. Walker doesn't have it. He's playing games. That's why his fav/unfav is upside down. 
Enjoyed this mornings panel at ATLAS. Great discussion w great group. Good to see a lot of old  dga team. 
AlexSkatell nick_ayers carville knows that hair is just a crutch for weaker men. 
nick_ayers you have enough for the both of us. 
Great day in Charlotte. Lots of progress. Heading back to DC.  
En route to Charlotte to meet with  team. 
looking forward to taking my two boys to their first Caps game tonight. 
Facebook and Twitter help to politicize today's youth 
Will Facebook Replace Labor Unions? via huffingtonpost 
Very excited about the new ED of NGA. Dan will do a fantastic job. Needed now more than ever. 
The Real Political Math In Wisconsin via huffingtonpost 
The Next Mass Consumer Social Wave: PoliticalExpression via techcrunch 
two great pieces on the significance of social media to egypt (one a rebuttal to gladwell).  
brucelesley gov. o'malley is the new chair. good question, but its out of my league. i will pass it along. hope you are well. 
Can't get enough of this weather. 
Arianna Talks The Two-Party System At IQ2 via huffingtonpost. interesting stuff.  
Great piece. The Hard Work of Democracy via huffingtonpost 
best line: If there is going to be change...it will have to work its way from the bottom up, from the people themselves. agree.  
in case you missed this great piece on friday, check out herbert's column "when democracy weakens." 
heading out to Share our Strength luncheon with friends from  and  SOS is a fantastic organization serving very good cause. 
will one of the dc news outlets please hire karl pilkington to report on us politics? 
waiting for poindexter on the violin. 
Slash just made this. 
Awesome catch 
my desert island cd: the smiths louder than bombs. 
Good to be back in dc tonight. 
inspired by mary thornberry in egypt. 
The Jefferson Society at UVA is one of the most impressive collections of people I have ever met. V grateful I had the chance to meet them. 
best part of today's trip - i am accompanied by mr. henry daschle, my son, consigliere and the self-appointed political director of  
DavidChalian somehow uva managed to survive. but you are right - evanston is home. my kids don't even know there are other schools. 
heading down to UVA - site of my 1st of many college rejections - to speak to jefferson society about the future of political parties. 
Great day in NYC. Beat the weather - good omen.  
On Acela en route to NYC for 1st trip of 2011. Rare departure from my beloved shuttle.  
anyone else see An Idiot Abroad on the science channel this weekend? just might be the best show on tv. 
digging the dc band us royalty. new album comes out on 1/25. lead singer grew up on same street as ian mackaye. 
Dulles is as horrible as National is awesome. 
smart staffing moves all around by president obama today. gaspard will do a great job at dnc. 
Great piece on new  chair Gov. O'Malley. 
slinkerwink great. it will go up in phases starting at the end of feb. i'd love to talk to you more in depth at some point. 
cool.  
the bandwagon was short lived. 
rooting for Ravens.  
my newest music obsession: yuck. cool art  free downloads. suicide policeman reminds me of the late great elliott smith. 
Very proud of our President and our country tonight. 
fanniecoralie true! 
My four year old wants to sell me all of his art for $1 each. Not sure if this is good/bad parenting but he now has more money than me. 
Fascinating. JWT: 100 Things to Watch in 2011 
great new site launched today to help you keep up with the world. check it out - www.quickish.com. 
Unemployment Rate Drops to 9.4 - lowest level in 19 months. via pwire 
slinkerwink anytime. and i would love to talk more if you are interested. 
slinkerwink markos parties as org vehicles r anachronistic. as u know, we r not of just 2 kinds. progressives shld org as progressives. 
Point is your own ideas  principles matter most. There is a better way.  
Ironically I had people like markos in mind when I started  Not 3d party - or any party - telling you what to believe. 
nika7k hmmm...i am not sure its laziness. certainly not apathy. the electorate has passions. just bad vehicle for expressing them. 
nika7k you are right. my point is some people support gay rights  lower taxes; others HCR  gun rights. we need more choices.  
msnbcTomCurry i like that. or a hundred? or a thousand? 
The purity test on display at yesterday's RNC chair debate is one more reason why we need something other than 2 parties.  
Due compliment paid to my friend and former foe nickayers. BLTWY 35 People Under 35 Who Changed D.C. in 2010 
Ironic, funny or awkward?... on a family vacation in Cabo and just ran into John Thune at the pool. Amazing how at home he looked. 
Great story on the application of new media to empower and democratize.  
Things I know: dogs are cooler than cats, the sun will rise tomorrow, and I will be in Vegas on May 7.  
stevesingiser I know you are a fellow fight fan. You will love it. 
just saw "the fighter." highly recommend it. micky ward was a great fighter but christian bale brings the ruckus as the brother.  
ibenjaminbarnes mitchfargen jessvandenberg steveschale thank you very much. 
Last day in  office today. Will miss it and the great team. 
For those who, like me, don't need the crutch that a head of hair provides, I'd like to endorse the Head Blade. Ergonomically v sensible. 
Just got back from run thru the park. Love everything abt NYC in December. 
jakerubindc ha....you got it. 
The political world needs a little ruckus. 
Trip  to NYC. The shuttle and I are friends. Excited about todays mtgs. 
In NYC for post election trip  
Impressed w/ both khan and maidana last nite but for different reasons. Khan's skill and maidana's power w/ such little skill.  
getting ready for the boss's 40th birthday party. jj grey and mofro are playing for her tonight at comet ping pong. will be a lot of fun. 
mcgmack will do. thanks kevin. happy holidays. 
Great day. 5 pm shuttle to dc. Lots of familiar faces. 
In NYC for third trip re: new venture. Great vibe. 
Congratulations to Gov-elect Dayton. This is officially  5th flip from R to D in 2010. 
Fox News Lawyers Up, Responds To Allegations Of Campaign Finance Law Violations via huffingtonpost 
just got done with an interesting post-election panel with nick_ayers hosted by the great jmartpolitico. 
congratulations to new  chair Gov. O'Malley and a huge thanks to outgoing chair GovernorMarkell. it was a real honor to work for him. 
Final  event today. Most of our Govs, new, current and outgoing, in DC today for annual meeting. It's been fun. 
congratulations to good friend chris kofinis. smart move by new sen. manchin. 
Good piece by  Chair GovernorMarkell. 
stevesingiser thanks steve. Its an unconventional way of relaxing but it works. 
In AC to see Williams - Martinez.  
looking forward to seeing adamborelli, noahcuttler and others at tonight's nlc_dc reception. 
HuffPo was kind enough to post my piece on what Dems need to do next.  
Republicans blaming RNC's $ problems for underperforming in Gov races is funny. Didn't RGA boast spending $100m? 
yikes. margarito needs face surgery after last night's fight.  
Lampley and Kellerman ruin an otherwise great fight. 
Simply put, Pacquiao is the best fighter of our generation. And Mayweather knows it. 
Jesus soto-karas looked tough. 
nick_ayers PAC in 7. 
Northwestern!!! 
 is going to be a fascinating battle b/w a boxer who can brawl and a brawler who can box. margarito will have a 15lb advantage, 
Enjoyed being on Sirius LeftJab tonight talking about 2010,  news, and  
if msnbc is going to fire olbermann, shouldn't fox fire hannity? or just stop giving millions to republicans?  
Good analysis of 2010 by The Washington Monthly via AddThis 
crwooters thanks! hope you are well. 
for those feeling the post-election octane drain, there is a great fight in 8 days: pacquiao-margarito.  
enjoyed being on dailyrundown w/ chucktodd this am to talk gov races. when  and  are official, we will have done pretty well. 
Watching Big Guy on Morning Joe. 
Congratulations to Gov. Quinn. One more for   
Looks like Malloy has the votes.  
Looks like  will go to Kitzhaber. One more for  2010 looking much better than expected for  More soon. 
three GOV races still not called: IL, MN, and OR. all three are likely to go Dem.  
AP calls  for Dan Malloy. One more R pickup for  We spent almost $2M on this one. 
congratulations to alexsinkflorida on running a great campaign. she and her team have a lot to be proud of. best of luck to rick scott. 
Overlooked: For all the 34-38 talk,  may stay in the 20's. Barbour said anything lt;30 would be disappointing. Par is 5.5 Stay tuned. 
Dubie concedes in  One more for  
alternating between coffee and beer at this point. 
fox news shows dan malloy as the winner in  with  in, we are picking up R govs from coast to coast... 
Great news. AP calls  for Abercrombie.  
strickland team ran a great campaign. they have a lot to be proud of.  
congratulations to jerry brown, the next governor of california.  
i give credit to vince sheheen for running such a strong campaign in a tough year. glad  moved $500K to SC in last week.  
jmartpolitico not so fast... 
great news - hickenlooper wins  
Congratulations to Gov. O'Malley. Big win for Dems.   
congratulations to andrew cuomo, the next governor of ny.  
really happy about WV SEN. former  chair manchin will do great things in the senate. 
AP calls  for Lynch!  
msnbc says manchin is ahead in WV. 
big day tomorrow. please send all good karma to democraticgovs.  
second poll today showing alexsinkflorida with a lead in  rick scott dragged down by high unfavorables.  
New Q poll gives Dem Alex Sink 4 point lead over Rick Scott: 45-41. Sink +5 with indies.  
Check out  new complaint against Fox News for making an illegal contribution to the Kasich campaign.  
Politics, boxing and UFC all in one. Awesome. 
check out  new ad in  
Manchin Back in Lead in West Virginia via pwire 
WolfBlitzerCNN is one of the genuinely nicest hosts on television. I enjoyed being on the Sit Room tonight to talk gov races. 
Great job by Alex Sink tonight. This election is a choice.  
Abercromie Leads for Hawaii Governor via pwire 
RCP moves  from lean R to tossup. One week to go  momentum on our side. 
new poll in  shows patrick +8 over baker: 44-36. cahill is down to 8. hard to see where baker gets the votes. 
new proof that $$$ is not the solution to bad ideas. megwhitman has spent $163M so far - and is losing ground to jerrybrown2010.  
wow. new poll shows onorato earning ALL undecided movement in  trails corbett 48-46. prev poll had it 48-35. 
strickland takes the lead in  new cnn/time poll has him up 48-47 over kasich.  
FranklinLDavis stay tuned. 
nickayers and i will agree on this one: gov races are the main event in 2010.  
makeitplain thanks for having me on tonight. its always a pleasure to talk shop with one of the smartest minds in politics. 
got to check out jerrybrown2010's new ad "echo." awesome.  
roy barnes has a great new ad in   
Sink +7 over "Madoff of Medicare" Rick Scott.  via pwire 
thestrippodcast thanks Steve. Hope to catch up with you in Vegas at some point. 
MI Chamber of Commerce has given $5.4M to  Yes that's "million." 
Whitman2010 must be directing  spending. They spent 40m in Q3 and lost ground in every race. 
steveschale thank you. keep up the great work in  the sink campaign is one of the very best this cycle. 
Sink Retakes Lead in Florida via pwire 
boston globe lifts the curtain on the  - charlie baker funny business in  
New PPP poll has it Sink 46-41.   
Watch Nathan Deal try to run from his ethics problems. Literally and figuratively.  
First  raises $1M to fight back. Now Fox News faces shareholder suit. Rupert M. must be sec guessing this. 
Caprio Leads Close Race for Rhode Island Governor via pwire 
meg whitman's hometown paper "enthusiastically" endorses jerrybrown2010. says whitman "utterly lacks the qualifications to be gov."  
a 2 point dem lead in rasmussen is like an 8 point lead in the real world. new poll: 48-46 kitzhaber.  
Corpus Christie Caller: Bill White the "obvious" choice for   
Oregonian: Kitzhaber for Governor   
boston globe's mooney says there are "no good guys" in this  barrage-a-trois. 
ArthurA_P thanks! 
RT politico DGA rides Fox backlash in 3Q - Alexander Burns - POLITICO.com 
its getting ugly in  
with each new day,  finds that being open about their republican proclivities is easier than they thought. 
About to get on Sirius XM POTUS channel to talk 2010 w/ nickayers.  
Check out this ad in  Boom. via timethepage 
Brown +7 in new Reuters poll.  
great piece from  chair governormarkell's speech at the press club today. dems on offense. 
brianstelter nope 
brianstelter i have to admit i am fairly new to the fox news schedule, but it was about 15 min ago. 
Breaking: Fox News uses disclaimer  requested 2 mos. ago, telling viewers they gave $1M to elect R Govs. Then went on to spout GOP tps. 
second poll in a week showing pat quinn beating bill brady in  
huckabee says what other republicans think - he's skeptical about rick scott.   
Herald Tribune: Sink for Governor.   
Good piece on  commitment to Tom Barrett and the  race. 
Statesman: Time for Change. Bill White for Gov.   
LA Times joins SF Chronicle and Sac Bee in endorsing Jerry Brown for   
Good day for  today. Strong day of fundraising in NYC and new polls showing Dem leads in     and  
MT rickklein democraticgovs "we can go on offense." Dems say can pick up 9 gov's seats from GOP   
even GOP internal...i mean fox news... poll has both  and  neck and neck, with movement toward dem. 
rickklein make you a deal. lets both make our predictions and discuss on your show. also loser has to shave his head. 
amyewalter and thank you too! 
ABCPolitics rickklein thanks for having me on  great show. pls ask fivethirtyeight what stat odds are of me being invited back. 
kspidel got it. Love flipbook. 
kspidel likewise 
How much  money will it take to convince  voters that Nathan Deal is ethical?  
all three sept.  rankings pick pacquaio  p4p fighter. mayweather is  
ErikVidor thanks, and right back at you. Its good to have you on our side. 
agree. very proud of the team at  RT ErikVidor I must say, the democraticgovs social media shop is on top of their game.  
more bad news for governorperry. texas farm bureau - longtime perry supporters - take a pass on  race. 
RT politico DGA names seven 'O'Donnells' - David Catanese - POLITICO.com 
enjoyed the post-primary press call this a.m. about 2010 governors races. good questions and discussion. thanks to all who joined.  
Alandbrewer there are so many problems, but yes that's a big one. 
paul lepage's story about his press conference rage keeps getting weirder.  
new poll shows  ads working in  GOPer/big digger bakerforgov rapidly losing steam. 
rasmussen has o'malley at 50 and +3 over ehrlich. treat a dem lead in rasmussen like dog years: take base   add 7. 
check out  chair governormarkell on CNBC now. 
RT tpmmedia: Maine Gub Candidate Storms Out Of Presser Over Property Tax Q's (VIDEO) 
- Time for a change: Chronicle endorses Bill White for governor 
Congratulations to Neil Abercrombie for winning yesterday's  primary. 
nick_ayers agree. Civility is a rare commodity. 
AJC shows Nathan Deal tanking in  I hear ethics investigations and personal bankruptcy will do that to you. 
floyd mayweather. all class.  
long gone are the days of reagan's optimism. gop is now the party of anger. check out new face paul lepage.  
Attn tea partiers: if you like o'donnell, you will love the RGA's cands this year (lepage, scott, brady, emmer, deal, maes, the NY guy...) 
just got of  press call. barrett is running one of the best campaigns in 2010. now off to TN for  event. 
great  panel today w/ begala, ickes, and myers talking abt 2010 v. 1994. packed room. cspan has the video: 
 voters souring on the "madoff of medicare." sink leads scott by 7 in latest CNN poll. she is +13 with indies. 
really enjoyed talking about 2010 and gov races with jdickerson on CBSWashUnplug today. thanks for the invitation.  
RT politico DGA unveils fall battle plan - Alexander Burns - POLITICO.com 
thanks to everyone who joined  conference call on our fall election strategy - "project extreme gop makeover." 
floyd mayweather's rant about pacquiao was a disgrace in a sport that knows something about disgrace. fight or retire for good.  
nick_ayers if Fox News likes you now, they are going to LOVE you when you are RNC Chair. 
DGA Files Complaint Against Fox News For Illegal Contribution To GOP Candidate via huffingtonpost 
GOP  Gov candidate Jan Brewer: 
Good speech by our President tonight. 
Our supporters sent a message to Fox News and GOP by raising over $1M for  Thx to all who made this happen. 
 still hot in  mccollum refuses to endorse scott, citing "character"; scott calls him "sore loser." 
new  ad in  exposes martinez' cronyism scandal. 
one of my favorite columnists, ej dionne jr., hits the nail on the head this morning.   
Coopster04 Thank you! 
Even Republicans think Scott would be a disaster.  
AP calls it for Scott.  takes down  endorsed candidate in  Huge blow to GOP. 
Great being in edshow tonight talking about  and their bankrolling of the GOP. They make a joke of "fair and balanced." 
aha...RTmikememoli: I guess this is what that NewsCorp money pays for 
Haha...Stewart mocks Glen Beck and  re: News Corp bankrolling GOP. Best line - GOP should be paying Fox. www.thedailyshow.com 
About to go on my favorite radio show - makeitplain with host Mark Thompson. 
If I were exposed for being funded by a right-wing "media" co., I'd start to get nervous too. 
Check out our letter to Fox News Chief Ailes suggesting a new disclaimer for his coverage of this year's elections. 
Olbermann slamming Fox News for what it is - RNC TV. 
jillosopher thanks for watching! 
ibenjaminbarnes thank you! 
Just got back from MSNBC's Ed Show talking about Fox News' bankrolling of the GOP. 
Great video from Media Matters on Fox News' contribution to RGA. Contradicts Murdoch's own words. 
Huff Po's story on Fox News' $1M donation to RGA already has over 4K comments; shared 1K times. 
"fair and balanced" RT karlfrisch Fox News' parent co. gave Republican Governors Association The_RGA $1 million - 
check out  new site on  candidate/free throw ace chris dudley: 
ArjunJaikumar haha...i can see the t-shirts now 
sounds a lot like their foray into  RT pwire R's meeting w/ Dan Maes to force him out of CO-Gov race.  
This is why GovernorOMalley has a more than 3-1 CoH advantage. This one stays D.   
He campaigns like he governs. Ehrlich4md spent 1.3M last period w/ no tv. Spending went up 26 when he was Gov.  
Handel's loss sets up a great matchup for Nov. Roy Barnes, who will put GA back to work, vs ethically challenged frmr Congressman.  
Great night for  last nite. Congratulations to future Govs Hickenlooper, Malloy and Dayton. 
HuffPo was kind enough to post my memo on tonight's primaries.  
taking both boys to see yanks-sox today.  
 war comes back to  van der plaats refuses to endorse GOPer terry branstad. 
no wonder she didn't want to rls them. sanford protege/ex-accountant nikki haley hasn't paid taxes on time in 5 yrs. 
just got back from a great  event with the next governor of pa, dan_onorato. he is one of our most impressive candidates. 
 lands another hit on bill brady.  
 
and she wants to manage the 8th largest economy in the world. megwhitman spends $100M on tv ads...and her unfavs go to 2-1.  
bad sign for governorperry. hutchison supporters backing billwhitefortx.  
makeitplain love to. just name the time. hope you are well. 
FunSizeJCP go NU! 
over $100M (!) and megwhitman still has 2-1 unfavorable rating and is losing independents.  
great ad. RT Kitz2010: Today we released our first TV spot of the General Election. What do you think?  
such a disappointment.  
pls take 2 min to check out this great post. RT BOR Never Surrender    
tancredo brings the  to CO.  
leadershiptrain great to see you at our panel. thanks for coming. great convention. 
over 19K views so far! RT bmetzler I just took democraticgovs' pledge to Fight the Right in 2010.  
thank you! RT  esreif From democraticgovs possibly the best political ad of the cycle... maybe even ever.  
FranklinLDavis thanks! 
Great panel today at  Thanks to those who attended. Agree that stakes state level couldn't be higher.  
Off to Vegas for  If you are going to be there, come by our panel w/ Harold Ickes, Mike Lux, and Rory Reid at 3.  
joygreenmcgann, usdemocrats, karichisolm - thanks for the RTs 
just got off a press conference on fighttheright2010.com. Wash post has a great write up.   
politico has a great write up on fighttheright2010.com.   
check this out -  launches new grassroots website today in advance of  fighttheright2010.com. join us. 
Sink's message is resonating. Nice contrast with  on the right. RT pwire: Sinks Leads in Florida 
Belated congratulations to Gov. Barnes for his huge win in a multi-candidate primary. Excited to go on offense here.   
En route to Seattle for a  Fundraiser. Love in flight wi fi. Why don't all planes have this? 
10 hours left (midnight vegas time) on bob arum's countdown clock for mayweather to make a decision.  
big news in  - billwhitefortx outraises governorperry. white has 50 more CoH and 12K new first-time donors 
10 years ago today i was getting ready for our rehearsal dinner... 
this is huge. denver post calls on serial plagiarizer scott mcinnis to drop out of the race for  
politico: " campaign torches bill brady."  
about to depart from my 6th and final summer NGA meeting.  is a great city. 
dan balz pens a must read on the importance of this year's gubernatorial races.  
thank you BarbaraLeeSays for hosting a wonderful  reception yesterday. great to have 15 dem govs and so many supporters in one room. 
RonSupportsYou you are right 
Key point: RGA has raised more $ every year since 2007; yet we are 4-2 vs them in compet races this cycle. Good policy gt; lots of $$$.  
congrats 2 RGA on strong $  Very proud of  staff for breaking our all-time quarterly record. I work w/ best team in politics. 
Kasich's unfavs have gone up 9 since  group has gone on air highlight his record.  
Tough game. Still, we went further than Italy or France. 
wow. if you want to see how radical the "mainstream" GOP is today, check out this video on their candidate in  
just got back from great  event with gov. joe manchin. one of the best political leaders in the country. keep an eye on him. 
twitter was over capacity before, but i have to say, i am so proud of our world cup team. go usa! 
USA!!! 
Glad to hear that the ref in yesterday's game is getting questions. 
new poll in  has perry under 50, and his lead is down to eight: 48-40.  
kasich caught coaching pension fund officials after Dem ad. why was it insufficient 2 just say "tell the truth?"  
check out this great piece on gov. strickland's winning strategy in  
check out today's op-ed by  chair governormarkell and thirdwaytweet's jim kessler on our pos message for 2010. 
sickjew yes, we need everyone's help. 
 billmccollum's troubles continue; caught soliciting $ for an "independent group." 
this is amazing. rick scott now beating billmccollum in  gop primary. 
RonSupportsYou she is crafty 
good piece by evanmc_s on last night's primaries and the ongoing   
great to be on dailyrundown this am w/ nickayers. thanks to chucktodd and savannahguthrie for the opportunity to talk about 2010.  
Looking forward to joining chucktodd and RGA's nickayers on dailyrundown this am to talk about last nite. 
Great work by Libby Mitchell in winning Dem nomination tonight in  Terrific candidate. She will be the next Gov of Maine.  
Congratulations to Vincent Sheheen, who won the Dem  nomination with impressive margin. Keep an eye on this race.  
huffington post was kind enough to post  memo on today's primary. check it out.  
Big primary day today.  take on the impact of the  here: 
Listening to Deer Tick. Getting ready for Henry's 8th birthday party. Been put in dangerous cake baking leadership position. 
turn on msnbc to check out  chair governormarkell talking about our middle class growth agenda. he'll be on fox later this pm. 
Grt press brkfst this am w/  Chr Governormarkell, ThirdWayTweet  BillSchneiderDC. Thoughtful conv. on our plan 4 mddle class growth. 
huge embarrassment 4 nat'l GOP in  endorsed cand. steve levy loses party endorsement. upside - they saved $10M. 
just got off a great call with 100 top  supporters and  candidate/future governor dan onorato. thanks to all who joined. 
wow. branstad below 50 in  gop primary AND among those who know his opponent, he's down 42-37! 
RonSupportsYou because whitman2010 has no ideas or vision of her own. 
new unemployment numbers for april are in. STILL 4/5 and 7/10 states with highest unemployment have republican governors. 
great news in  - gov. patrick now has whopping 13 point lead over charlie baker.  
tom barrett is on message in  great ad.  
check out the new ad in  
good piece on the struggles of whitman2010. really proud of the work CAP and  have done this year.  
CO D's  R's agree: scott mcinnis should NOT be the next gov of CO. huge upset at state convention.  
 whitman2010 is in free fall. now under 50  only +8 over poizer in primary  -4 to jerrybrown2010 in general. 
evale72 you bet! 
building on his record as mayor, tom barrett announces a major jobs initiative. 180K jobs in three years.  
AFL-CIO NOW BLOG  Gov. Trashes Trailer Offer from Texas AFL-CIO, Prefers Mansion 
sandoval v. sandoval on immigration.  
tues nite's results should make dem gov candidates happy. gop running same flawed PA-12 strategy at state level. 
Congratulations to John Kitzhaber for winning  dem primary. He's a true leader.  
congratulations to Dan Onorato, who won the dem primary for  tonight. he will be a very strong candidate this fall.  
DGA had a little fun with a very uncreative terry branstad today.  
Just watched last nite's fights. Khan looked good in his rout of malignaggi. Also impressed by vicious victor Ortiz.  
st. petersburg times: billmccollum's "sleazy" decision to hire ($120k) anti-gay activist as "expert" witness.  
keep 'em coming...after 2 weeks of anti-cahill ads, gov. patrick has largest lead ever over baker: 45-31  
 has spread to  steve poizner now only trails establishment fave whitman2010 by 2 points: 39-37. 
huffpo was kind enough to post my piece on billmccollum and the ongoing   
Off to the Nats game with my two boys. Guys night. 
my favorite gop candidate steve levy defends himself. and then keeps talking.  
 has a new site up about the  race. check it out: www.senatorchafee.com 
interesting new poll  in  after immigration bill, dem goddard leads ALL republicans in a general matchup. 
enjoyed talking with nickayers on C-SPAN this a.m. about the  
The  is getting personal.  
yikes. day four of this story: now ny tv and radio picked it up. who is most red-faced, levy, lazio or GOP?  
Fun being on CNN John King USA tonight with RGA's nickayers. 
 whitman2010's lead over steve poizer down to single digits in 3 separate polls. 
no wonder he needs the RGA's early help. mcinnis has only $146 more on hand than at the start of 2010.  
RonSupportsYou thank you 
great  monthly blogger call today. thanks to everyone who got on. 
RonSupportsYou thanks. we'll take a look. if you see anything you think we shouldn't miss, would you email them to me? aschledga.net 
ralston: GOP fave sandoval "has contorted himself so gymnastically...some have put out an APB 4 his backbone."  
spot on analysis of sat nite's fight.  
FranklinLDavis love to see mosley win, but money is on mayweather. bring on PAC. 
Alvarez was impressive.  
Excited about the Alvarez-cotto undercard fight tonight. Plus of course the main event. 
interesting 2010 counter story: in  Rs  indies moving 2 billwhitefortx b/c governorperry outside mainstream. 
AZ's immigration law is the new front in the GOP civil war. governorperry takes on gov. brewer.   
good stuff. governor strickland maintaining six point lead over lehman bros. exec john kasich: 44-38.  
good piece on mayweather. love him/ hate him, he makes us want 2 watch. 60 hours til fight w/ sugar shane.  
looking forward to this morning's AP forum with RGA's nickayers and our congressional counterparts. 
politico and huffpo were kind enough to publish my piece on the radicalization of the GOP.  
interesting stat in  hispanics now support dem goddard 71-25 over brewer. obama got 56 hispanic vote in '08. 
truthfully, i didn't think it could be done, but the GOP found a way to make governorperry's secession look moderate. 
CABerkeleyWV very cool. yes indeed. 
new rasmussen poll in  shows barrett climbing. race against both GOPers now dead heat.  
rick scott is in this race because of the GOP's lack of enthusiasm for billmccollum.  
CREW identifies 11 of america's worst governors. NINE are republican, including  governorperry. 
editorial: "jerry brown steps up, meg whitman dodges"  
great new website for Gov. Lynch: www.lynchleads.com. check it out.  
 jerrybrown2010 has taken a six point lead over whitman2010 in the last month. race is now 44-38. 
27 states saw private sector job growth in march. 18 have democratic governors.   
march jobs  are in. STILL 4/5 and 7/10 states with highest unemployment  have republican governors.  
AP: the collapse of johnkasich's lehman brothers cost OH pensions $480M.   
 GOP fave brian sandoval continues to struggle as he "argues about 2003 taxes in a box he made for himself." 
new poll in  shows billwhitefortx within four points: 48-44. governorperry below 50. 
 jerrybrown2010 wants to debate GOP rivals. poizner accepts while whitman2010 and her $59M consultants say no. www.bit.ly/csJPrU 
 poll also shows that voters disapprove of billmccollum's political  lawsuit by a 14 point margin. 
new poll in  shows alexsinkflorida climbing. race now dead heat. 
to whitman2010, providing "access" means sending media pre-packaged footage of events they can't attend.   
funny. governorperry gets caught not disclosing how much federal $$$ he has taken as governor ($16B btw).  
day one  its already getting ugly in the  GOP primary. billmccollum is clearly spooked by the latest entrant. 
jon ralston pens must read piece on brian sandoval's troubles in the  GOP primary. 
the number of people who think billmccollum should NOT be the next governor of florida just grew by one.  
new video from CA Accountability Project on whitman2010's hypocrisy on corporate perks.   
new poll gives ted_strickland a 5 point lead over johnkasich.   
 billmccollum is more entangled in the greer scandal than we thought. that's why he's so quiet in the cleanup. 
la times on why the chamber's attack ads on jerrybrown2010 ring hollow.  
admiralporky i am not following that as closely. what's your read? 
congratulations to  chair governormarkell. "Deal on former Valero plant is a feather in Markell's cap." 
great piece on billmccollum's  lawsuit: "it reads more like a political manifesto than a legal argument"  
shocker. billionaire whitman2010's tax plan would benefit multi-millionaires "but put CA at risk."   
great news in  - alexsinkflorida maintains strong fundraising lead over billmccollum. best funded dem gov candidate in long time. 
New poll shows Gov. Patrick maintaining solid lead in  35-27-23 
to support her campaign against excessive spending  waste, whitman2010 gives herself another $20M.  
about to purchase hopkins v. jones II. kind of sad. i wish i were above this, but i am not.  
check this out: whitman2010's rhetoric on latinos doesn't match reality.   
new  poll shows gov. strickland +7; banker kasich -3. race now a dead heat with momentum in our favor. 
FranklinLDavis exactly right! 
politico's andy barr was kind enough to write about our historic fundraising.  
 announced 2day it smashed its Q1 fundraising record; raised $8M  has $22M CoH. thx 2 everyone who worked so hard to make this happen. 
great news in  strickland leading in new poll 43-38.  
keep an eye on mayor corroon. as the fiscal conservative in the  race, he could surprise people. check this out: 
Toni_Thomas great picture! you have a good looking kid. is that troy? my oldest son was a big troy fan, 
RonSupportsYou interesting, but i guess i am not surprised. did you attend? 
i think tony danza and i are the only two people in the world hoping to see "the contender" get picked up again.  
congratulations to governoromalley for passing his landmark jobs legislation.  
 billmccollum wastes taxpayer $ on political lawsuit while alexsinkflorida talks about growing FL economy. 
"how to make it in america" - best show of 2010 
philadelphia inquirer: tom corbett takes place among far right by joining political, wasteful  lawsuit.  
 billmccollum getting slammed by FL papers 4 abusing the courts, wasting taxpayer $ to pursue political agenda. 
great video of the two meg whitmans.  
enjoyed this am's panel w/ chucktodd  nickayers. even saw a little of thefix. enjoyed all the Qs except the one about 2009. 
jennifereduffy haha...i was thinking of you today. still, its a funny way to roll out a campaign. 
190. that's the multiple of whitman2010's spending over jerrybrown2010's in the last 3 months.  
funny when republican candidates preach fiscal conservatism while blowing thru their campaign $$$.  
check out davidfrum's thoughtful piece: GOP "waterloo" the result of following "most radical voices in the party"  
CABerkeleyWV good question about WBAL 
 alexsinkflorida is only candidate focused on jobs. billmccollum can't seem to get his head out of wash, dc 
 whitman2010 already breaking promises. this one on releasing her tax returns.  
 bob ehrlich struggling before he's even announced. new allegations that he wrongly used law firm for campaign. 
wsteffie thanks for the RTs 
 billwhitefortx takes on border security while governorperry sits back and watches. 
boom. fla paper slams mccollum's lack of leadership; mocks GOP 4 trying to insert health care into state races.  
 first it was secession. now governorperry's school board seeks to remove thomas jefferson from curriculum. 
RNC to NY GOP: at some point, we all need to face unpleasant truths. rick lazio is your candidate.  
great piece on alexsinkflorida's 2 month tour to promote her plan to create jobs and rebuild FL's economy.  
DavidChalianABC always! 
had a great time speaking with duke university undergrad and grad students tonight. very bright group of future leaders on both sides. 
 good news for Ds. the green candidate, who usually gets high single digits, not going to run in 2010. 
nat'l republican fave pete domenici jr. comes in LAST place at GOP convention. will he stay in  race? 
harvard pilgrim's premiums went up 150 while charlie baker was CEO - helped pay for his 300 salary raise.  
GOP to celebrate its founding w/ re-enactment of 1854 mtg. Original "Branstad for Gov" t-shirts go on pre-sale Wed. 
edhenrycnn its a forgotten sport. sounds like you are too. come over for mayweather - moseley. 
roach to mayweather: "get in the ring and fight us." 
pacquiao is too good. mayweather wake up and take note.  
1 hour, 45 minutes until Pac-Clottey. Just ordered my PPV.  
new unemployment  came out for January. once again, 4/5 states w/ highest unemployment have GOP govs. bad policies have bad results. 
good piece on tomorrow night's pac-clottey fight.  
if u haven't seen whitman2010's fake town hall yet, its worth a watch.  
good piece on sat's pac-clottey fight. i didn't know clottey has only been knocked down once.  
three days to go until pacquiao-clottey. can't wait.  
in  john hickenlooper hits 50; leads ex-congressman mcinnis by 11. 
 billwhitefortx takes on governorperry's fiscal recklessness. 
 whitman2010 calls a press conference but then abides by staff orders to not take Qs. then puts up a screen (!). 
check this out. great piece on the 3 big gov races in 2010 and how GOP's giddiness may be premature.  
off to georgia for the day. big 2010 state. 
o'malley over 50 and +10 over ehrlich.  
huff post was kind enough to post my memo on why dems can win  
progressives check this out. in his own words, karl rove embraces gerrymandering to win back GOP control. 
great start in  even after wave of positive press for governorperry, he only leads billwhitefortx 49-43. 
good stuff. cook upgrades  to a "toss-up." 
congratulations to jerrybrown2010 for getting the endorsement of CA police chiefs assoc.  
check out MDDP's trailer on Bob Ehrlich: the Sequel. its a horror film.  
RNC chair steele seems to agree that governoromalley will be tough to beat this year.  
and here's the link  
great video of billmccollum talking about his priorities for florida.  
EBC009 likewise. yes he's my father. 
great news for ted_strickland. OH  in the country in new business expansions for 4th year in a row. 
txvoodoo here are the results. perry got 754K of 2.15M votes cast or 35. 
nick_ayers i think all we know how  is going to go. 
nick_ayers haha do you even have a candidate in  
Diverseman2020 and johnleesandiego -- thank you 
in last night's  primaries, over 2M people voted, and 2/3 voted for a new governor. 
just got off a great call with  donors and the next governor of texas, billwhitefortx 
new poll shows roy barnes leading ALL three republicans in  barnes picking up good share of crossover voters. 
just got off the phone with alex beinstein's radio show. for those of you in chicago, he has a great show. 
congratulations to billwhitefortx on winning the dem nomination for  
domenici jr. shows very weak first fundraising report in  1/2 of what he expected, even w/ $50K from himself. 
check out jerrybrown2010's announcement for  
aajane thanks to you and everyone else for getting on. we enjoy these calls and find them very valuable. 
looking forward to our monthly  blogger call in 11 minutes. 
how do prematurely giddy republicans feel abt fact that longest serving gov, governorperry, is struggling to get 50 in his own primary? 
big day today in  looking forward to helping billwhitefortx take on the seceder-in-chief governorperry in the general. 
for those of you following  what do you make of meg whitman's decision to attack steve poizner? 
just got back from a great  event with Ted_Strickland and his very impressive LG candidate, Yvette McGee Brown.  
2 great sites for those watching  nomeg2010.com and www.californiaaccountability.com.  
opportunities starting to open up. new poll shows  race "wide open." great news for scott heidipriem.  
he must be thinking abt nov. right wing  candidate brady moderates his position on mass animal gassing. 
US News lists mayor hickenlooper as one of america's best leaders. cites his work on trans, housing,  energy.  
new poll gives  chair governormarkell a whopping 61 approval rating. 
more questions about meg whitman's tax returns.  
congrats to rga for breaking rec for "pledged" $. i just broke similar record: dreamed i was 6'5. i had only previously dreamed i was 6'4". 
if you haven't seen this new ad on meg whitman, its worth checking out.  
ArjunJaikumar that's right...and brownback, ehrlich...we could go on and on 
great piece on GOP trying to get back to power thru "retreads." see also kasich, mccollum, mccinnis, branstad, etc. 
sink campaign airs the first good ad in  check it out. 
wow. democrat billwhitefortx far outraises all Rs in  he has an over 2-1 CoH advantage over governorperry. 
check out this great interview with  chair, governormarkell 
great news in  strickland takes 5 point lead over Lehman banker john kasich. strickland job approval net +8. 
thanks to everyone who came to last nite's Taste of America gala. w/ 15 top chefs and 2 mixologists, probably the coolest  event ever. 
just got back from a great event with the next governor of texas, billwhitefortx. 
looking forward to 2nite's  Taste of America gala. brian voltaggio  14 other top chefs  mixologists as special guests. will be fun. 
good piece on some of the Dem Govs defying the political environment.  
just got back from excellent meeting with 21 of our Dem Governors. people are optimistic about 2010.  
something on which nick_ayers and i can agree. broder: states act while washington dithers and delays. 
this can't be what he wants to be talking about. bill mccollum suggests illegal activity at FL GOP HQ. 
one of the good stories from yesterday's  press conf, where D Govs called on Rs to help or get out of the way. 
RT politico Markell: Gov races a bright spot for Dems - Alex Isenstadt - POLITICO.com 
check out the great column by  chair governormarkell calling on congressional Rs to stop obstructing progress. 
johnleesandiego thank you! 
Coopster04, grahamdavis, Quin_ - thanks for the  and right back at you. 
fl gop's internal monologue: drop "two time loser" bill mccollum.  
demdailybrief NC, DE, MO and VA (until recently) 
congratulations to governoromalley for retaining MD's AAA bond ratings. another reminder that 5 of the 7 govs w/ AAA ratings are Dems. 
check out LTPF's new radio ad about whitman2010.  
CCWC done! 
in rare public appearance today, whitman2010 can't decide whether 10 layoffs is a lot or a little.  
you'd think $20m would get better advisors. another uncomfortable video of whitman2010 dodging reporters' Qs.  
new group will force whitman2010 to explain herself  her positions. u know Rs are worried bc they keep reacting. 
quickest flip-flop in history? just 1 month in office, and bobmcdonnell does a 180 on fed stimulus $. 
14-time candidate billmccollum says no tax cuts if he's elected  
politicoalex true but very few had the originality and political/historical significance. there hasn't been a fighter like him since. 
highly recommend the new documentary "facing ali" about the greatest. should replay on spike soon.  
meanwhile, governorperry struggles to "seal the deal" with GOP primary voters.  
Houston paper gives strong endorsement to billwhitefortx, citing his "executive mettle"  ability to work w/ Rs. 
great piece on meg whitman's cocoon  "arrogant cowardice." she may be the least inspiring candidate of 2010.  
RonSupportsYou i hear you, but we'll have a great candidate. lets stay in touch on this. 
silvermaneman  teresa1908 thanks for the  
does this mean pawlenty won't be campaigning for throwbacks like branstad, kasich, mccollum, mcinnis, ehrlich etc? 
two  polls in thehotline show governorperry under 50 in a general and leading billwhitefortx by low single digits.  
hoping for the best for our friends and neighbors who take the dc metro red line. 
republicans worried about  effort to educate voters on whitman and poizner.  
another GOP gov's fiscal mismanagement revealed. pawlenty gets scolded by moody's.  
great new ad by billwhitefortx 
and medina fighting for 2d place in this 3-way. 
this is where the  GOP primary is: medina has "not taken a position" on whether US helped 9/11 attackers. 
larrydhalstead i dont know if i'll be attending or not. i don't know dr. bill, but i'd love to meet him. 
larrydhalstead same here, and absolutely will do. thank you. 
larrydhalstead great to connect w/ u. i look forward to getting your tweets. just keep it up  stay tuned for what  is doing in ca. 
Coopster04 thanks! 
this is great for us. new poll shows barrett even with walker in  barrett's winning indies  has better favs 
LtlRedX likewise 
keep an eye on  governorperry's approval rating 33; billwhitefortx within "striking distance."  
yikes.  getting ugly. 
whats more shocking - that medina may make the  runoff or that only 39 of republicans support governorperry? 
good stuff. rasmussen gives hickenlooper a +4 lead over mcinnis in  mcinnis led hick just one month ago. 
enjoying having both of my boys keep me company at work today. not sure the rest of the office is as enthusiastic. 
mccollum having trouble generating enthusiasm in  state sen switches support to mccollum's primary opponent. 
meg whitman off to rough start. first ad creates controversy as she exaggerates her ca residency.  
demdailybrief very true. thanks for the msg. follow democraticgovs for more updates. 
demdailybrief VT, CT, RI, FL, TX, MN, NV, AZ, CA, and HI to name a few. 
casual observation: if a "crystal ball" identifies 8/37 races as toss-ups, i think it needs polishing. 
of the 9 GOP govs with unemployment rates higher than nat'l, 5 are in states Ds will target for pickup in 2010.  
nathanlgonzales ha...i'll let him know that he has a backup option. 
great news on falling US unemployment rate. still, 2/3 of the states w/ higher unemployment rates have R Govs. tough for them to message. 
looking forward to having our chair governormarkell in town today.  
great event today with gov. steve beshear and gov. chris gregoire. two smart and decent people in politics for the right reasons.  
looking forward to today's  lunch with gov. beshear and gov. gregoire. 
MiketheDem cool. i look forward to getting your tweets. keep up the great work. 
hutchinson saying that a runoff in  looking more and more likely. not good 4 perry, who didn't even break 40 in the 2006 general. 
whitman actually spent almost as much on charter flights as brown spent in total.  
jerry brown has spent 1/50 of what whitman has spent so far.  
bands i don't get: vampire weekend and the editors.  
great new ad by billwhitefortx  
shameless pandering to the kevin bacon crowd.  
plunderbund great to have you on our blogger call this week. 
aajane thanks for writing about our monthly call on your blog. 
good trend for us: D's still outraising R's. this time in   
out of the ashes of the epic fight comes two lesser, but still quality fights. this one mayweather - mosley on may 1. 
johnleesandiego hopefully a lot of wins for dems. 37 races, 4/5 americans elect a gov. 
rick perry getting heat b/c his high profile "jobs" program isn't creating any jobs.  
welcome kellydaschle! 
meg whitman in dc today. wonder if she'll answer how she's spent $53K/day on  race w/o any TV. happiest consultants in politics. 
damn that was a great speech. the president killed it tonight. so proud he's our leader. 
just got done with first  blogger call of 2010. biggest one ever. thanks to everyone who joined for the great Qs and feedback. 
 chair Gov Markell earns strong 57 approval rating. in this environment, that's like 257. 
rick perry cant be too happy about 3rd party candidate medina's rise. she may force a runoff in  
new unemployment  today. once again, 4 of the 5 states w/ highest unemployment rates have Republican Governors. 
the happiest 2 dozen campaign consultants in politics: rt TheFix Meg Whitman gave her CA-GOV campaign $20 million more today. 
bob ehrlich's talk of a  comeback will be tough with just $141K coh. O'malley has $5.7M.  
RT rcpblog HI Gov Poll: A Pickup Opportunity In The Pacific.  
wow. gov. o'malley reports $5.7M CoH.  
democrat corroon gaining on incumbent herbert in   
gov. culver reports record fundraising in  $1M more COH than any incumbent  similar point in history  2x COH of branstad.  
kasich finds way to demagogue and pander all  once. RT hambypCNN : John Kasich: America's  Tea Partier 
fun fact for the day. 4/5 states with highest unemployment rates have republican governors.  
another D outraises the R. rory reid reports almost 4x as much CoH as gop fave brian sandoval.   
more on gop civil war. frontrunner branstad gets slammed by the right in  faction wont support him in general. 
great piece on the smart fiscal management of our former chair, gov brian schweitzer.  
the gop's greatest obstacle is itself. tea party civil war spilling into  incumbent brewer getting primary. 
ricky hatton and jermain taylor both sound very close to retiring. two losses for the sport.  
RT democraticgovs : Scott McInnis' Bad Week Gets Worse.  
more great news for dems. "Corroon is fiscally conservative, perceived as courageous and popular."   
just got back from interesting AP forum on 2010 with nick_ayers and our fed counterparts.  
this hurts rt boxingscene Mayweather-Pacquiao: No Deal Reached, Fight Likely Off! 
pretty impressive. sink has $1M more CoH than all of what mcccollum raised in 09.  
interesting story by politicoalex. GOP learned nothing from '09. gov voters want jobs, not ideological DC bickering. 
surge of donations in nov and dec helped  break its record. shows americans don't want a GOP U-turn. 
 announced today that 2009 was best $$$ year yet. over $23M raised; $17.5M CoH. its an honor to work with such a talented group. 
MoElleithee great job on cnn sit room last night. 
johnleesandiego ha...interesting way of putting it. 
josh_a_g you may be right. 
great story in WaPo about our awful economic performance in last decade. yet GOP still wants to return.  
watching outback bowl. in familiar distress. 
link to story on FL GOP revolt.  
FL GOP thinks that current chair gives McCollum "diminished" chance of success. wonder if he was chair for McC's other 2 statewide losses. 
my view on the epic fight: mayweather is scared for the first time in his life.  
norm coleman unpopular in MN's most republican CD.  
both of my sons in the office with me today, helping me keep the world safe from republican governors. 
great piece by andy barr about the 2 meg whitmans. we'll see if her 24 consultants can rehabilitate her image.  
just got back from a meeting in DE with our chair Gov Jack Markell and his team. a lot of exciting work for us next year.  
with pavlik back, a fight w/ Paul Williams seems inevitable. 2 great and fun fighters. 
best movie involving a snow plow - beautiful girls (1996) 
good piece on why GOP is ill-suited 2 lead. could have been written abt some of the R throwbacks running for gov.  
Quinn looking good in  
great piece by Gov. Kaine on the GOP "agenda." 
sink closing gap in  +4 since last poll.  
proud to be a DC resident today. 
i wonder which whitman is running for  
lazio high unfavs, trailing everyone in  looks like "the gop comeback" won't be making a stop in NY. 
sole GOPer drops out of  
nick_ayers i feel like i should be offended. 
tea party now splitting the GOP in  supporting dockery over 14x candidate bill mccollum.  
good piece on new  chair. rt TheFix Jack Markell: Risk-Taker 
 is targeting 5 GOPers who want to make a U-turn to disastrous econ policies of old. more to come. follow it gopaccountable. 
good piece on tough road ahead for accountability-project star meg whitman.  
 GOPer dan maes says tea partiers ready to defend themselves from lobbyist scott micinnis.  
great piece on  race and new sense of optimism.  
best line from Time story: Whitman's "greatest obstacle may be convincing voters that she actually knows what she's talking about."  
whitman has 2 dozen consultants, btw 
wow, meg whitman has burned thru 19M of her own money so far. that's a lot of happy consultants.  
huge recruiting coup for  white puts TX on the map for us. we now make a run  3 biggest states - all pickups. 
march is the new november. rt sntherumble New post: Pacquiao/Mayweather Likely in March 
great story on GOP's identity crisis. we r seeing this in IA, CO, AZ, TX, MA, FL, MI, CA, WI  other 2010 states. 
check out new  chair markell's op-ed in RCP 
thanks to everyone who got on our monthly blogger call. great questions  engagement as always. good to know u r as fired up as we r.  
was just pleasantly reminded that our much anticipated blogger call is at 4:30. talk to many of you then. 
getting ready to jump on our monthly blogger call in 5 min w/ our new chair gov jack markell. look forward to talking to many of you.  
other side still angry, cynical and pessimistic about our recovery. wont play well with voters looking for action.  
a lot of talk abt parties' diff econ msgs. politico has good story. we'll be talking abt jobs  more jobs.  
FeliciaPullam thank you, and thanks for coming yesterday. it was great to see you. 
 launched opening shot of 2010 yesterday. this will be fun. check it out. www.thegopaccountabilityproject.com 
congrats to our new chair gov jack markell. he is smart, savvy,  a reminder that we r still the party of new leaders  fresh faces.  
a huge thank you to governor brian schweitzer, our ougoing chair. no one has done more for  
just got back from big day of DGA meetings. 20+ candidates, 14 Govs, 800+ supporters. good day. people R optimistic abt our future.  
new poll shows goddard trouncing brewer in  47-28.  
all in a hard days work. on rga/campaign tab, Perry recruits against GOP Gov; attends son's bach party in vegas.  
me to son this am: "i cant believe you are in 2nd grade!" him" "i cant believe i'll never be done w/ 2nd grade!" that says it all. 
in  alexsinkflorida is on the rise.  
great piece on why gov. strickland should be re-elected and how kasich "derailed the economic train."   
i call this friendly fire. from RCP: As RGA Celebrates Wins, DGA Mocks 'Comeback'  
bad day for bill mccollum. first, he faces Qs abt rothstein $; now dockery gets endorsement of frmr party chair.  
scott heidepriem on what needs to change in pierre. scott is a fantastic person and candidate.   
via ppppolls: only four Governors have disapproval rating under 30, all Ds: Nixon, Markell, Beebe and Quinn.  
mikemadden you're right. i should be a gop candidate for governor. 
for all you enjoying the greater austin area, thehuffpost was kind enough to post my thoughts on the "gop comeback." 
memo to haley: game on.  
at least one GOP governor is giving back his Rothstein money. No word on the $200K. 
irony in the self-righteousness of GOP Govs today, whose conference is paid for by fraudster Scott Rothstein. 
steve poizner has a sense of humor.  
branstad off 2 v bad start; GOPers now say he'll raise taxes. many people say he might not survive gop primary.  
just got back from an interview on CBS Washington Unplugged. talked about 2010 and why America can't afford a gop comeback.  
watching gov rendell on morning joe talking abt importance of dem govs.  
good piece on  chock full o' good lines like R "political careerists who lust after higher office so completely" 
excited abt 2nite's DGA fundraiser in FL w/ Gov O'Malley, Markell  DeJongh. good 2 have a presence in such an important 2010 state.  
manny pacquiao has reached a tiger woods state of greatness. the next fight is obvious. bob arum, don't mess this up.  
this is great news for us. rt thehotline  Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett (D) announces he'll run. 
nick_ayers that will be a good fight. maybe u can pick up the life savings I expect to leave on the craps table. 
off to vegas for 3d time/2d fight this year. feel like a kid. back in 40 hours. safest bet, pac KO. best odds may be cotto KO.  
things i love about today: getting ready to see pac-cotto in vegas. tom tancredo running for  
leaving for vegas to see pac-cotto in 24 hours. will there be a KO tomorrow nite? thoughts on the smartest bet?   
first rubio vs. crist, then dockery takes on mccollum, now this rt MoElleithee Florida's GOP civil war wages on! 
new  poll has patrick thumping cahill and baker 38-26-15. 
Rs for  "flatly reject" that human activity -gt; global warming. more on GOP platform here: 
funny letter to bob ehrlich about his "analysis" of whether to run for  
scott walker and i hope sarah palin will campaign for scott walker.  
where do i sign up? rt pwire Tancredo mulls bid for CO-Gov...  
this has got to be a little embarrassing for charlie baker.  
wadhams v much sounding like he lost his fav candidate in  GOP divided in CO, just like it is nationally. 
1 week into 2010 cycle;  is off to a great start. vry successful policy conf in PA over the wknd,  now GOP loses 2 star candidates. 
4 days until pacquaio-cotto, and i will be there. i said this abt hatton, but cotto will give pac a real fight.  
i think its time for hotels to get off their high horse  set aside the pretense that their towel policy is about saving the environment. 
bright side for Rs, mcinnis will be in good company. much of GOP "comeback" is from the same era. see, e.g. 
great day for dems. GOP loses its quasi-endorsed candidate in  rell drops out in  big boost to D prospects next year.  
about to start DGA fall policy conference on infrastructure. almost 300 members here in philadelphia. tough nite for eagles fans.  
looking forward to watching gov. rendell and gov. barbour go head to head on MTP in 12 min.  
its about once every fall that i admit to being a northwestern alum. outdamnstanding. 
comeback of former 4 term gov branstad off to rough start; finds a way to offend multiple groups at once.  
if you have 2 min you don't need back, here is my analysis of Tues nite.  
ralph reed says bob mcdonnell is "philosophically sound." sounds like he's a carburetor. 
thanks to bluejersey for joining our call and for all their great work this year. good summary of last nite. 
off to panel hosted by Nat'l Journal with nick_ayers to discuss last nite. this def sounded more appealing a week ago. 
just did Sirius 110 POTUS radio show with Tim Farley to talk about last night, what it means, and 2010. 
tonight was the opening battle in a larger war. 37 races next year, and 2010 starts tomorrow. everyone here is fired up and ready to go. 
congratulations also to nick_ayers and RGA. 
tough night tonight, but congratulations to creighdeeds and joncorzine for two hard fought and well run campaigns. 
rt JoeNBC Rendell tells me that Corzine will win in New Jersey because of the Democrats' ground game. Don't bet against Rendell. 
the fun of 24 hr news: expectations for Rs growing exponentially since 6 am. there will be a lot of scrambling if they lose  
rt Lis_Smith most aggressive preGOTV for NJ Ds in history, and 10s of thsnds of canvassers r knocking on 100s of thsnds of doors 2day. 
msnbc sees evidence of corzine's superior gotv effort in  
hearing this from several places rt JonCorzine - Huge crowd at the Garden State Pav. in Cherry Hill   
wishing joncorzine and creighdeeds good luck today. they are fighting 24 and 36 yr streaks in favor of the opp party.    
about to talk '09 shop with mark thompson on SIRIUS 146 makeitplain, one of my favorite radio shows.  
congratulations to GovernorOMalley for being named 2009 Governor of the Year.   
is nothing sacred? rt Lis_Smith RT NJ_Politics: Christie accused of copyright theft by Monty Python  
off to event with Gov Schweitzer. going to talk about tomorrow's races and why we're going to buck a 24 year trend.  
johnleesandiego yes we will 
lowkell also note that most NJ voters, regardless of who they support, think Corzine is going to win. they may be the best barometer. 
lowkell i do too, and NJ is a tough state to poll. but corzine is doing better among Dems than this poll shows. 
the ppp poll is off, but  is close. Rs are fired up after losing 4 in a row. home stretch now. corzine win means no gop "comeback." 
word from  staff in nj is that joncorzine event with president Obama is unbelievable. huge crowds. president fired up. 
because we are also 367 days away from 2010, more good news in  poll shows sink leads mccollum 38-37. 
this is how you want to go into tues rt JonCorzine: Crowds waiting to get into governor's rally with Barackobama 
even more damaging revelations about christie. foia records suggest USA office was his campaign HQ.  
more evidence christie did campaign work as USA. 48 calls from political ally; 19 while he was GOP Chair.  
3 days out. R's going into Tues having lost all 4 targeted gov races in 07-08. they are fired up, so we need to be too.    
more signs of enthusiasm gap hurting gop in  dockery to primary bill mccollum. 
christie wins points for candor. loses points for admitting all of his promises were false.  
bad news: karl rove feels 24 yr wind  Rs back, predicts gop wins in    good news: the last person to listen to rove is W. 
just did cbs news' washington unplugged with RGA's nick_ayers. tune in at 12:30.  
off to speak to the young dems. important group for our candidates. i used to be one of them. 
today's poll in  suggests this GOP could be first opp party to not win both VA and NJ since '85.  founded in '86. 
most important data from today's  poll - when daggett voters pushed to choose b/w corzine  christie, corzine lead holds steady at +5. 
just heard heather wilson not running in  that state now a solid D hold.  
corzine +5 in new poll. reliable polls looking pretty steady with 5 days to go.   
5 days out. For 24 years straight, opp party has won both NJ  VA. if we stop Rs from going 2-0 on Tues, the "gop comeback" is doa.  
more from daggett: "If the Republicans lose in New Jersey, they've got to look in the mirror...The Republicans are the party of no."  
daggett says national R's tried to get him out of race for  
RNC chair: NJGOP should fold if christie fails 2 win  Rs would be 1st opp party to lose this since 85. 
rt JonCorzine Under  Corzine,  is 2nd state to pass Paid Family Leave Insurance Law to help working 
nick_ayers today in 05, poll showed corzine +2 over forrester. corzine won by 10. think CC can keep your 5 election streak alive? 
6 days out. the 5-election streak is a strong wind  R's backs - if they don't go 2-0, no "gop comeback." we will close strong in both. 
on honesty, corzine comes out a plus, christie a minus (and he was a prosecutor).  
2 weeks ago christie led 41-40 rt pwire Corzine takes 5 point lead in new Q poll...   
More: "(Christie) cannot win this election right now. His campaign has gone backward since June."  
from NJ's most famous independent: "Chris Christie has run one of the most horrible and ineffective campaigns in anybody's memory."  
new poll in  gives gov patrick a ten point lead over baker. romney part II won't work - voters were abt to reject him in '06. 
another great post from our progressive blogger call today, courtesy of bluejersey.   
a couple of good posts on today's progressive blogger call, thanks to buckeyeblog and lowkell and 
great call with progressive bloggers today. as always, excellent questions. thanks to everyone who got on.  
about to get on our monthly call with progressive bloggers. looks like we'll have a really good turnout. 
rt Lis_Smith NJ-Gov: Christie Rocked Yet Again By Potential Scandal - 
thanks to david and rick at thenote for letting me join them on topline today with nick_ayers. 
great news in final week. new poll gives Corzine NINE point lead over christie. daggett at 7.  pwire 
just did a quick call into bill press show. good to talk with other progressives who are as fired up about winning va and nj as i am. 
rt MoElleithee BOTH of Bob McDonnell's hometown newspapers endorsed Creigh Deeds for Governor. 
rt JonCorzine Christie says it "makes sense" to follow lead of right-wing govs  reject stimulus $$ Watch:  
rt JonCorzine Christie likened early childhood education to babysitting  said funding for Pre-k programs is wrong. 
second poll today showing corzine +3 over christie: 42-39-13. every day, we are one step closer.  
great event with Gov Rendell today. thanks to everyone who came. 
corzine leading in newest poll; christie free fall continues. 39-36-20  
RT boxingscene Ricky Hatton Still Wants Revenge on Floyd Mayweather Jr. 
if u havent seen this excellent christie-brown timeline from tpmmedia yet, check it out.  
US Sen: "shocking" that Christie conducted a political campaign from USA office; calls for investigation.  
very strong close by creighdeeds. the contrast couldn't be clearer - if you want real, honest leadership, creigh is the one. 
creighdeeds nice job calling out bobmcdonnell for opposing the bipartisan warner budget. 
this is funny. rt Joe_Abbey candidate bob mcd vs. legislator bob mcd would be a fun debate to watch 
not sure where bobmcdonnell came down on stimulus. weird bc he was crystal clear this spring when he wanted 2 reject $ for the unemployed. 
Mulshine: Is Chris Christie's campaign the worst-run in New Jersey history?  
also new poll in  shows christie -3, now a dead heat. "not a good sign for the Republican" says pollster. pwire 
today's NYT piece on chris christie's abuse of power is absolutely devastating for him.  
looking forward to being on an AAPC panel this afternoon w/ RGA and thefix. 
Deeds Campaign Up With Washington Post Endorsement Ad 
RT dailykos NJ-Gov: The Video Chris Christie Doesn't Want Anyone to See 
chris christie on public service:  
RT pwire It was Christie's race to lose and most people now think he's lost it... NJ-Gov...  
too bad for jermain taylor. 4th loss in 5 fights. abraham takes europe to 2-0 in supr six.  
great weekend for dem gov candidates. joncorzine has strong debate and gets Phil Inq, NY Times. creighdeeds gets Pres Obama and WaPo. 
another endorsement for joncorzine. NY Times: Gov. Corzine has earned another 4 years. 
RT jmartpolitico Good wknd 4 Deeds -- Obama commitment fri, McDonnell struggles w/ global warming sat am, now word comes WASHPOST 2 endorse 
WaPo on bobmcdonnell: a "silver-tongued embrace of ideas that would mire Virginia in a traffic-clogged, backward-looking past." indeed. 
congratulations creighdeeds and campaign. RT MoElleithee: BREAKING: Washington Post Endorses Deeds for Governor - 
More from the PI endrsmnt : Corzines record shows a capacity to go against the states traditional politics and improve its government. 
Phil Inq slams Christie 4 lack of specifics: "he gave the public astonishingly few reasons to vote for him." 
congratulations to joncorzine on the Phil Inq endorsement. Well-deserved.  
great news for creighdeeds RT lowkell Deeds Campaign: Obama Coming on 10/27 
RT JonCorzine Reax from V-Chair Redd: Corzine clear victor. Christie showed NJ voters he is wrong when it matters most 
RT JonCorzine Video: On Fox, Christie says "it makes sense" to follow lead of right-wing guvs  turn down stimulus $$ 
100K! RT JonCorzine According to the Star-Ledger, Christie spent almost $100,000 on taxpayer-funded travel. 
what's weirder, this ad or someone who refers to himself in the 3rd person as "the ox"?  
congratulations to DSCC on another strong fundraising report 
good new ad by creighdeeds. hits bobmcdonnell for his false ads.  
culver fav at 56! same as branstad, who, coincidentally, first ran for gov in '56.  
rcpblog but the party in power has not won either NJ or VA since 1985. a split decision would end a five-cycle 0-2 streak. 
RT AliciaMenendez pro-choice, pro-mammogram Corzine bc I care about nj women  
great place to be 18 days out. NYT poll in NJ shows corzine +3 over christie. 
good recap from RCP of our call with grassroots supporters this afternoon   
RT politico Jon Corzine: Chris Christie plays by own rules - Andy Barr - POLITICO.com 
about to get on a call with our grassroots supporters to discuss our 2009-2010 races. a lot of good things to discuss. 
RT Lis_Smith Just Announced: JonCorzine to Rally with President Obama on October 21st  Rothman Center in Hackensack. Doors open  3:00 pm 
Jkruton thanks. Daggett is a factor, but Corzine is also solidifying his base as Christie bleeds independents. 
A: Yes. RT thehotline Did Christie exceed gov't allowances on his biz trips? We have the reports, you decide 
ouch. dagget swings right back at rga and christie.  
LG Diane Denish raises $1M since May, has $2.2M CoH, crushing her R rivals.  
RT MoElleithee Gore coming to Virginia for Deeds. 
yes - cotto more dangerous bc he will fight. RT boxingscene Cotto Brings More Than Mayweather  
new Q poll has Corzine down 1 in  41-40-14. last poll was 43-39-12. this was b4 voters knew christie spent tax $ on 5 star hotels. 
this christie travel story will be big. it all came out because of the NJ dems long-stalled foia request.  
RT JonCorzine AP: Taxpayers Paid for Christie's 5-Star Hotel Stays 
mcollum "can't fudge the numbers anymore." alexsinkflorida outraised him 2-1 and has $2M more CoH.  
RT tpmmedia Republicans Don't Like SEIU And ACORN, But There's More To The Story  TPMDC 
good development in  Cty Exec Jack Johnson endorses Gov O'Malley for re-election. 
christie fav/unfav is 42/44 
corzine closes a NINE point gap, now only down one in  - 40-39-13. 
creighdeeds showed a mastery of the issues tonite. his honest answers a sharp contrast to bobmcdonnell's bob and weave. 
RT MoElleithee Deeds passionately explains why he supports closing the gun show loophole. 
wow, great dodge of the climate question by bobmcdonnell. i had to replay that one. 
creighdeeds' answer on education one of the best of the nite. 
creigh did a nice job pointing out the fantasy/fiction of mcD's trans plan. creigh has the only honest approach. 
10 min into debate, bobmcdonnell on the defensive. 
warning - if you don't like to see politicians squirm, don't watch.  
mccollum's primary opp: "A lot of Republicans have told me they'll vote for Sink over McCollum."  
anyone following this arson/execution investigation in TX? could be bad, esp if perry's office interfered.  
aren't we getting a little ahead of ourselves talking abt pac's next fight? cotto wont be a walk. 
rare nexus between wife's and my music tastes - mat kearney.  
RT MoElleithee Perriello: Deeds best for Southern Virginia via addthis 
other funny thing abt bobsthesis - complete lack of academic value. far-right doctrine aside, isn't it just a series of bob's conclusions? 
wapo profiles mcdonnell's life in pursuit of an ideological social agenda  
Q: if a tree falls in the woods and someone beats miami of ohio, does anyone care? answer: only if you went to northwestern. go cats 
Star Ledger: Christie would "shelf" tax reduction until economy recovers. Read: no tax cuts.   
christie's last hope gone, loses SL endrsement. "most disappointing of the three candidates is Christie."  
"I was frankly taken aback by how well Jon Corzine did." RT ppppolls Previewing our New Jersey poll:   
great ad by NJ progress on christie plan to drop mammogram covg. this is why he's -34 w/ indie women   
looks like mccollum may get GOP primary challenger. could the gop base be less enthusiastic about him?  
thefix where does an endorsement by a convicted felon rank in your hierarchy?  
new R poll shows christie's lead has evaporated.   
good profile of friend and talented RGA counterpart nick_ayers. we'll beat him in va and nj, but he's good. 
christie has no clue when it comes to NJ tax policy   
good piece on "exactly" why christie is losing   
this may say it all. RT mikememoli Corzine actually leads Christie among Springsteen fans, 49-37   
great new ad by creighdeeds   
christie -34 favorability among independent women! 
christie has -12 net favorability; -19 w/women. his position on mammograms clearly hurting him.   
corzine now getting over 80 of his base and getting more Ds than christie gets Rs.   
2nd poll this week showing corzine leading christie: 41-38-14. still tough race, but we have the mo   
good column on bobmcdonnell's record of opposing nova's issues   
ouch.   
RT democraticgovs GOP gov cands (Branstad? Brownback?) r the comeback?     Please RT! 
check out this new video from democraticgovs on the gop "comeback" 
just got my tik for this fight. love this - roach offers 1K to any sparring prtnr who knocks down pac.  
i meant christie's lead is down to 3   
cozine w/in MOE in new poll: 47-44. christie's 7 pt lead from 2 weeks ago down to 4.   
RT MoElleithee Great new video by the Dem Party of Virginia -- Bob McDonnell: Stealing from Our Schools 
Alex Sink "on track to be the Democrats best-funded gubernatorial candidate in years."   
morning joe to no-show christie "if you can't handle us...you sure as hell can't handle the state of New Jersey"   
joncorzine great job on morning joe this am. 
more respondents say corzine understands concerns of avg citizen and is honest/trustworthy.  
christie unfavs 35/42   
corzine takes the lead for first time this year, both w/ and w/o daggett   
can't be good news for bobmcdonnell that one of the national republicans' most prominent female candidates won't campaign with him.  
whitman's crash course on elective politics is harsh.   
things are moving in  not home yet, but getting closer every day. 
chris matthews just called out the bobmcdonnell campaign for today's personal attack. 
looks like republican jan brewer will get a primary challenge in 2010  
RT boxingscene Mayweather vs Pacquiao Eyed For March 13, 2010? 
more good stuff BobsThesis  
even Republicans say christie needs to come out with specifics.  
late post, but must read. WSJ SLAMS christie's campaign as "empty" and "content free."  
RT CreighDeeds Today is the last day to register to vote for the Nov 3 election. Give yourself a voice in Virginia 
Nathaniel_Smith absolutely will do. thanks for getting in touch. no higher office for me, but thanks for kind words about my father. 
RT JonCorzine Wall Street Journal: "the Christie campaign has been largely content-free"   
22 democratic governors sent a letter today in support of efforts to reform health care. "status quo is no longer an option." 
RT thenote Gov. OMalley: Health Care Reform Good for States; Will Mean Paying More to Save in Long Run 
charlenemay always good to meet a fellow fan 
pac - cotto is the fight we want to see. two great champions who u can like. also want to see cotto come back from cement beating.  
fight fans - check out this promo for pac-cotto: this will be a much better fight than may-marq  
daggett in last night's  debate = "mr. christie: all fluff, no plan." 
just getting back from great event tonight with two future govs - rory reid and alex sink. two of a very strong class of 2010 candidates. 
good news on the day of the 1st debate. RT pwire One more poll showing NJ-Gov getting tighter... 
nice to see sierra club and LCV credit creighdeeds for his leadership on new energy and call out bobmcdonnell for his bogus transport plan 
great story on our event with the president today. 
just returned from a great event with president obama and democraticgovs, so good to have a partner in the white house. 
3 point christie lead is down from 14 in august. 
another poll showing corzine closing in on christie. 43-40-8. race in MOE. 
dga just passed the $4M mark in  greatest investment ever for us. feeling very good about this race. 
check out bobsthesis 
BlandfordGroup i agree. how is your karma today? 
looks like nat'l republicans have been helping dagget, who has been helping corzine. from the bottom of my heart, thank you.  
christie has worst fav/unfav  to date. 
christie also losing independents. 
christie's 10 point lead one month ago down to four. 
new Q poll shows corzine has cut christie's lead in half. race now 43-39-12. 
RT trboxing Ok fight fans - here is the latest pics from the Pavlik/Williams press conf:  plz RT 
not going to help him w/ independent women. painful video of chris christie lecturing cancer survivor.  
obama surge voters motivated to turnout by thesis. that's 500K pieces of bad news for bobmcdonnell 
creighdeeds continues to close.  
another poll has goddard up over brewer in  
JasRoss no doubt she's going to spend a huge chunk of her ebay fortune 
check out this piece on "the whitman meltdown"  
buckeyeblog thanks for the great writeup 
check out creighdeeds' new ad featuring sen. mark warner: this race is about moving forward vs. going backward. 
new poll: brown +9 over whitman in  whitman's strategy is to turn out first-time voters. like herself. 
more from PPP "Voters who say they were undecided a month are going for Creigh Deeds by a 35-32 margin" 
PPP says creighdeeds closing in on bobmcdonnell; thesis motivating obama surge voters.  out tomorrow. 
RT lowkell Even Fox News Thinks Bob McDonnell Has a "Pretty Radical Agenda" 
just got done with a fantastic conf call with progressive bloggers. thanks to those of you who joined. excellent qs. very smart group. 
ahynes1 thank you and thanks for joining us. i look forward to staying in touch. 
looking forward to our monthly blogger call today to talk about 2009 and 2010 races. 
on heels of poll showing her 10 pts down in general elec, stressed out  calls state capitol a "hell hole" 
wash post calls out bobmcdonnell's transportation plan for what it is - fantasy and fiction. 
RT democraticgovs Meet Pres Obama! Enter democraticgovs contest for a chance to win the trip of a lifetime. Please RT! 
just did 20 min on Make it Plain with Mark Thompson, sirius 146. great show and host. Very curious about gop plans for redistricting. 
1 set of rules for him; 1 set for others. christie caught trading stock of company he was investigating.  
RT pwire Democrats in good shape to take back AZ-Gov next year... 
RT democraticgovs to DeLay: Good luck on  keep your jazz hands off redistricting. Please share and RT! 
very glad to see ny's highest court rule for gov. paterson on his LG pick.  
o'malley double digits over ehrlich in new poll. RT rcpblog O'Malley Leads Potential Maryland Rematch 
yes! t boxingscene Juan Manuel Marquez Wants a Ricky Hatton Showdown 
some people are too decent to make a joke of last night's DWTS. fortunately, those people do not work at dga. 
this is what  is all about. real issues and real leadership. 
great new ads by creighdeeds. check them out: and  
RT jmartpolitico wp poll shows va guv still a ballgame rt: LarrySabato McDonnell has been unable to contain thesis damage. 
"we're in one?" tx gov perry's response to Q abt the recession. www.outoftouch.com or  
good piece on mayweather and tonight's fight. don't like him at all, but respect him. 
nat'l republicans funded push poll for sandoval while he was still on federal bench 
is NV the new NJ? gop gov candidate sandoval accused of "skirting the law" right off the bat. 
new rasmussen poll shows  gop primary brutal as ever. hutchinson up over perry 40-38 
RT JonCorzine Chris Christie's long record of having one set of rules for himself  another for everyone else: 
tightening comes from undecided voters moving to creighdeeds 
52 VAns say bobmcdonnell's thesis/blueprint important to their vote 
VA wants to move forward. creighdeeds w/in 2 points in new rasmussen poll 48-46  
this will be an incredible fight RT boxingscene Kelly Pavlik is Eager To Fight Paul Williams on 12/5 
wishing creighdeeds luck this am. RT MoElleithee Talked with creighdeeds this morning before the debate. HE IS PUMPED! 
check out  corzine's new heath care video.  uninsured dropped by 147K under his watch. 
CitizenCassidy he did seem a little shifty 
citizencassidy mutual friend was singing your praises in a meeting today 
just got back from a panel hosted by thehotline with friend and colleague nick_ayers. good discussion of 2009-2010. 
Sat nite - can't wait RT boxingscene Photos: Mayweather, Marquez Arrive in Las Vegas, Nevada 
deeds closing in  in new poll 
congratulations creighdeeds on the excellent fundraising numbers 
strickland job approval up. now leads kasich by ten points in  
RT MoElleithee - Creigh Deeds endorsed by Virginia Firefighters today! 
Quinn gets seiu, teamsters and cook county dem endorsements over the weekend. good news for the incumbent.  
more movement in  corzine now leads christie among registered voters 41-40-6. big change in the last month. 
what would bobmcdonnell's thesis advisors say about him dropping the f-bomb in a live interview? 
interesting strategy - timpawlenty trying to reach the white house by pandering to the secessionists 
governoromalley, govdoyle, and massgovernor speak out in favor of the president's health care speech. 
new democracy corps poll shows tightening race for  christie's lead down to 41-38-10. corzine's favs moving up. 
no way today's embarrassing stump for bobmcdonnell helps pawlenty's 2012 ambitions  
martinsville bulletin has it right. bobmdconnell owes voters an explanation of what views have changed.  
petition bobmcdonnell to explain if his thesis is why he voted against equal pay for women. RT to sign   
RT MoElleithee RT RTDSchapiro  Deeds builds radio, Web ads around McD conservative thesis. 
RT lowkell Deeds Campaign Launches "Bob's Blueprint...to Take Virginia Backwards" 
great roanoke times editorial. bobmcdonnell yet to explain which views in his thesis he no longer holds.  
ruth marcus hits the nail on the head re: bobmcdonnell's thesis  
More from Rs: candidate bobmcdonnell "is a total re-invention...so he can be governor."  
Yet another R: bobmcdonnell was "always pushing social issues" in the General Assembly."  
more from his fellow Rs: bobmcdonnell "was out of the mainstream all those many years...The record is the record, I was there." vagov 
another R says bobmcdonnell "has never been about governing from the middle...He wants to govern from the far right."  
""I really do think that's who he is" Republican says of bobmcdonnell's thesis.  
only 18 of AZ voters (and only 23 of GOPers) would elect Republican Brewer next year.  
the more voters know bobmcdonnell, the less they like him. creighdeeds up 50-42 in interviews after post story. 
 tightening. bobmcdonnell's lead cut in half in poll before monday's devastating story. 
whitman duck alert. first major gathering of  2010 candidates. everyone will be there but her. 
RCP has a nice piece from our blogger call today. 
RT chucktpolitical You know a candidate fears a story when he spends an HOUR defending himself via conference call.  
check out this great new video on bobmcdonnell's record.  
just finished DGA's first monthly blogger call. very engaged group. smart Qs  feedback. really enjoyed it. thanks to everyone who got on. 
writings by bobmcdonnell were not just "academic exercise." this was his agenda in state leg.  
 MUST READ piece on bobmcdonnell. 
RT MoElleithee Great new video by the Dem Party of VA calls out bobmdonnell for rewriting anti-choice record. 
RT democraticgovs calls on McDonnell to stop hiding behind the RGA and stand by what are clearly his ads.  
jmartpolitico has a good piece on legacy of ted kennedy, for whom my wife had the pleasure of working for 8 yrs. 
creigh has a great new ad. sets up a nice contrast b/w his vision and mcd's belief in bush economics.  
second poll today showing  a deadheat. christie's lead cut in half in only 2 weeks. 
RT lowkell Is Bob McDonnell Violating Campaign Finance Law?  
RT ppppolls Arkansas Governor most popular politician we've polled on all year, and safe for reelection: 
yet another poll showing "christie slump." this one w/o 3rd party cand who takes votes from christie.  
douglas not seeking re-election in VT. big pickup opportunity in 2010.  
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, but this is silly. gop "comeback" short on new ideas.  
chris christie's protege and debtor steps down because of his ethical lapses.  
another (republican!) poll showing corzine closing the gap. race in MOE. christie unfav higher than fav.  
RT JonCorzine New video: The real people behind NJ's 13,000 new jobs  
check out creigh's great speech from earlier today and new ad. clear choice this fall.  
NJ adds 5900 new jobs in July - first time since 2007.  
1 candidate, many scandals. chris christie's us atty protege gets ethics probe 4 helping boss' campaign.  
RT CreighDeeds Tell bobmcdonnell to admit what his real priorities will be as Gov. Sign our Facebook petition today! 
another great piece by halbfinger on  looks like chris christie may have broken yet another law. 
CREW asks special counsel to investigate Christie's talks w/ Rove and possible violation of Hatch Act.  
Stinging rebuke of nat'l GOP from the right. cqpolitics "George Bailey, Navin Johnson, and New Jersey."  
RT JonCorzine NYT: Christie Spoke W/ Rove Abt Run "A call to Mr. Rove...was almost by definition impermissible."  
new poll shows corzine continues to gain on christie. republican attack ads a waste.  
also christie may have violated hatch act by laying groundwork for gov bid while still US atty.  
bad week for chris christie. new rove docs rank christie among "most loyal" prosecutors for bush  
boxing fans check out hbo's assault in the ring. fascinating doc abt the dark side of a great sport. 
great news - corzine rapidly closing on christie. republican ads wholly ineffective.  
RT JonCorzine - Great support for Gov in Union City today. 
good news on the economy - unemployment down for the first time in more than a year 
 creigh's team showing their smarts once again. ppppolls 
excited about tonight's Deeds-Obama rally.  thehotline is live tweeting from the rally. 
GOP Gov Fav: R's lose "by being the party of the last 10 or 12 years." Tell McCollum, Branstad; Brownback, Rudy... 
good story in thehill on stakes in 2010. R's still openly embrace gerrymandering. long live tom delay. 
today, new report shows dem govs best at recovery act reporting. 
Good week for Dem Govs. CNBC report ranks best states for business. 6 of top 9 have Dem Govs. 
RT  democraticgovs Whistleblower says Christie used his influence to lessen penalties for his allies.  
excellent editorial by roanoketimes - "Leave federal issues to Congress"  
not sure the headline is right, but 538.com was kind enough to let me talk about our 2009-2010 races 
sad news about the "soft-spoken yet hard-punching" vernon forrest. he was one of the good ones. 
wishing CreighDeeds luck in today's debate. 
sink off to a terrific start in  great pickup opportunity for dems in 2010. 
the second most important day in november is 11/14 - cotto -pacquiao 
looks like they'll let anyone post these days huffingtonpost: 
just walked past a tea party protest at nga. upside american flag...classy. except that they are outside the wrong hotel. 
on my to biloxi for nga. see some of you there. 
RT democraticgovs VA: Roanoke Times calls on GOP candidate Bob McDonnell to explain himself on job creation.  
AP: Common Sense Virginia "stalked and bedeviled McDonnell into June." Daily_Press_News  
2 for 2. in  AlexSinkFlorida leads McCollum in fundraising. 
still figuring out twitter. still impressed that CreighDeeds raised almost 2x his opponent last period.  
billfrick thanks bill. me too. see you there. 
