text 
BiIlionaires lotayro my G-wagon still the coldest  
So much going in the world today!!! Wow another genius gone!! 
Just because your a president doesn't make you a hero therefore just because your a president doesn't mean you should be honored  
Lizzs_Lockeroom I knew I was missing something lol 
So people have a problem with Harriet Tubman being on 20$ bill?  
Do you remember this guy!!  
Once you finally realize how much you are worth, you'll stop giving others discounts!!  
Or just trash 
You just never know when it's your time to go! Always tell your loved ones that you love them no matter what your going thru  
Wake up from my sleep check Twitter amp; see that Will Smith was shot amp; killed!!! I thought it was a bad dream sure wish it was!  
 
Dream time is over now go chase them! 
Don't believe me? Just watch!! It's that simple!!! 
For you to go out of your way and speak on someone else's situation that you weren't a part of is out of line, mind your own  
Thanks it was a pleasure !! 
IEatPupusas just got out that sauna huh  
Good article about what I am doing now check me out one facet of my life  
JShaneLoomis to slushy with out fresh snow and they don't blow snow anymore 
IEatPupusas you haven't slept stop playing lol 
That new Kanye go hard!! 
JShaneLoomis it was awesome!! 
Eating at a Mexican restaurant listening to country I don't normally listen to country but they jamming  
jojoevans12  
I guess no one is down never you no mind anyway!! I'll be going by myself!!  
It's snowing hard in  I think I am going up tom who's coming???  
Both cover people got they butts kicked  
You can think whatever you want about me but I know best!!  
Bill_Michaels I know a MLB that's ready to go!!  
Oh yea Happy Easter!!  
MagicBronsonLA heard them in Big Bear liked what I heard! Wanna hear more 
If you out here in North County SD for happy hour check this out 
Dominick_84 yes 
Calling all Ballers 5 CFL teams will be here for our combine sign up if you got it! 
If you are trying to play professional football and missed the NFL try the CFL here's the combine link 
Fleathepackman yes sir 
Check this article about mammoth 
JermichaelF88 steph had a rough one  
More from  the mountains was insane! Winding howling powder blowing 
ChiefVolfan615 I did think there was one time on video I was looking at the camera  
Snowboarding in Mammoth was fun battling the elements!! 
highsunnie I like that jacket 
VibeOnGoodVibes just use that flashlight   
VibeOnGoodVibes  how he going to find a wife staying in the house reading books? 
highsunnie snowing out there? 
VibeOnGoodVibes what business is that  
highsunnie you out here in Temecula? 
Check out my little ones 
DJHeartAttak I am in mammoth when you ready for that lol 
ajapackertalk miles jack 
Ok ladies now let's get in formation  
Man 
When your cool you are just cool! 
Interesting statistic pretty sure there's more to it then that  
I don't agree with all of Obamas policy's but damn he is pretty damn cool president!  
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." Martin Luther King Jr. 
bruhbruh601 Nick Barnett here. Hit me in regards to doin LB-specific sciende-based performance training at California Sports Institute 
ZBHodges Nick Barnett here. Hit me in regards to doin LB-specific sciende-based performance training at California Sports Institute 
B_easy_uga9 Nick Barnett here. Hit me in regards to doin LB-specific sciende-based performance training at California Sports Institute 
Anyways enough of that... Let's go back to pretending it doesn't exist and help it fixes it's self  
It's funny but I only here this "victim mentality" stuff from non ethnic individuals. 
Well I rather be me any color then try to be something I am not.  
Not sure what you mean. 
Real talk  
having a blind eye to what's going because your "race" or "community" is not effected is ugly  
All I can say if you don't see you are doing your community a disservice. It's out there everyday I see a form of it! Everyday 
So you say it exist in every race? So is the racism equal then? Equal between whites black Hispanics Asians etc? 
bjohnson613 well yes, do you think it is equal to every race?? 
HollywoodAdrian I just find it funny when people really believe that it doesn't exist!! I am mixed and have seen numerous times 
I really wanna know do you guys believe there is still racism or do you think we are all treated the same? Really? 
BOMBSHELLLx0 I didn't even know that had snowboarding there  
Right  
BOMBSHELLLx0 yea my kids are the star of the show fareal  
BOMBSHELLLx0 fareal thou lol 
bdei80 Teams have my number if they wanted me to join they would call  
Don't be scared to reach higher then ones before you! 
JAttaochu45 fasho hit me! 
The Broncos defense did that!! They would have won with Osweiler at QB..    
Not going to lie, this halftime show brought tears to my eyes it was so beautiful!!!   
Everyone worried about players celebrating shut up!!! If you had a chance to do what you have dreamed of you would too.. That's all 
federisimo bear mountain is awesome haven't been to mammoth yet 
federisimo California 
federisimo I been snowboarding 7 times this season  
federisimo where do you do that at in Buffalo? 
I saw that fake coming 
StadiumSalsa 32 teams in the NFL not every team makes it to the Playoffs. 
This press conference should be interesting  
Well that was a emotional roller  still a great season for the Pack! A lot of young players got a lot of experience this year 
Who's man is that thou  
Oh no!! 
cbaker92redskin ha lol Redskin, Buffalo Bill and Packer 
Well we still have a game to win!! So let's calm down and dial up some more of that Magic!!! 
The Magic is alive!!   
The ball never lies!!! 
Wow that was the hugest pass interference I have ever seen!!! 
Smee81 PatrickChung23 christianfauria nice work!!  
PrankDial - Why You Call My Girlfriend - Frat Boy 
Grind!! 
Inspire motivate Others 
hauser42 why don't you tell me with all your NFL experience. 
hauser42 yea especially when there man is in the backfield  please talk about something you know  
We got action!!  
pwojahn34 yup we all get burnt.... Now let's make adjustments 
Let's try a physical LB on the chip first.. I think we need a lil help with Reed  just saying 
Great defensive stand there!!! But still much to be sorted out on sideline!! 
Yea, but the Redskins division has been so trash this year it's really hard to judge where they are at we will see 
AntonioPierce you picking Redskins? 
golfpro41 feeling super good! 
Friday night in DC oh what to do!!! First hit the gym!!! Then???? 
ksdouglas05 it's a pep rally for the Packers 
Headed to DC for the pep talley tom!!! Going to be a blast!!! 
A_Trillayes fake 
A_Trillayes Fake 
Oh yea good morning        
Me too!! 
Chargers don't wanna be in San Diego no matter what the city was going to do for them! 
It's going down!! 
I have really good friends on both team Washington and Greenbay but my heart is in the Heartland.. 
Def not sleepin on cousins, def not sleeping on the great Weapons he has. I think it will be a battle. 
I agree lots to fix before this matchup 
True. 
Well have to look at the upside. Washington looks like a better match up to me. Then face Panthers in second round. Played well against them 
Wow 
Wow the protection is looking incredible right now.. The out of pocket magic is making a come back 
Another crossing route  
Agree that last play was great protection 
Crossing route?  
We have a lil momentum going into this 4th quarter. I would like to see some deep crossing routes. Attack Newman 
When Rodgers scrambles he just doesn't have the same magic right now. Need to find that quick 
You can be somewhere watching a  drop into a sea of people or you can be here 
Jordan Reed is looking like the player I thought he would be when I was there!!  
Redskins looking damn strong 
NspireCommish so jealous 
Me too!!!  
Ms_NinaIfynasty huh? 
Sounds good to me let's do it!! NspireCommish Javon_Walker84 Formulation1 
MichelleTuckner sounds god to me and my new love of snowboarding 
When you ready???  
Nick Barnett, Nick Barnett, Nick Barnett, Nick Barnett, and Nick Barnett  jk  
Really? Would my shoes fit in safe as well??? you should mind your own biz if you don't know what ur talking about 
For you yea lol 
Does anyone wanna go snowboarding with me tom in BigBear???? 
Random thought: So if your against abortion is it right for you to eat eggs??  
Is it Sunday yet? 
I woke up thinking it was Sunday who is ready for some football!!  let's get it!!!! 
Life 
With the change of professions I work even harder in improving every aspect of my life professional and personal. 
MsMiyayo305 old man  
Out here grinding trying get these Gainz!!! 
If you go to vegas don't ever stay at Planet Hollywood they will rob you while you are sleeping!! 2k gone three brand new shoes gone!! 
Once again special teams decides a very important game! 
That's how you make up for doing something you weren't suppose!! Just do what you are suppose to next time!  
It's all they will talk about for two weeks  
Wow sometimes when you feel like you need to do extra that's the time where you need to be consistent! 
True that!! Love watching Defense make plays! 
A lot of good defense or bad offense in this game  
Coaching tip: Go head and be aggressive early with Witten don't give him space/time to modify his route 
Says who? I can like who I like  
DavidABeverly decent place? 
If I had tickets 
I am in Washington DC where is a good place to watch the Redskins take this victory???  
Hmmmm 
Learning new things tonight: Burp: is a backward fart! Whoa 
Right?? Lol 
Absolutely the truth!!! No defenders in the front. 
Wow that was ridiculous!!!!! Justice serve for that no call on the PI!!!!  
Life 
Everything they have tried to do on offense has been put into this lil box  we need a resurrection here!!    
That's a lil bad technique and lil lack of aggression  
 
At least the o-line got something out of that play because that gave Rodgers a century of time back there! 
 whoa megaton is back   
Good thing because right now defense is not playing well!! I seen to coverage assignments blown on that drive alone 
Defense is looking real porous!!  
It's game time!!!!   
I had this beautiful black lady out and about yesterday!! Sitting so low  
Good morning yesterday was my day two of double day work outs... Seeing some good improvements much more work. 
Nice!!! 
Because the  north is so crazy right now  still are in a decent place! Urgently need to step it up in this final stretch 
So is there suppose to be a boycott of Black Friday? 
Ha ha ha lol 
Oh you like that don't you!!!  
Oh you like that don't you!!!  
Oh not what I expected!! Was wishing for a Lil different finish !!!! Fought to the very end but came up a Tad short!!! 17-13 Chi 
I like the fact Brett wore and Bennie!!   
Brett still looks like he can play!!! Absolute Best QB I played with!! Still love Rodgers thou !!!  
Special teams to the rescue!!!  
Big mishap!! Raining not the cause of that fumble. It got a lil too far away from his body. Defense time to earn the pay check  
Such hate from a Bear lol!! 
Let's get that aggressive swarming defense going early today!!!  
It's raining but still no excuse on that catch   
It's going to be a battle!!  
JermichaelF88 Fasho I heard that!!  lets get it!! 
JermichaelF88 so you joining the fitness grind? 
Check out my boy Malik Jackson!! 
geeta_c thanks  
Wow, what a wish I wish I could drink soda every day! When I was 5 pretty sure my wish was a little differ... 
If I am the Bills I am not throwing away the game plan but fixing mental mistakes 
That's exactly what they did not want to happen!!! Don't wanna let them score before the half!  
Stay tuned folks this game has the making of a Game of the year!!!  
Wow huge missed opportunity but wow what a throw by T squared  
Buffalo Defense is playing to their potential!!  
robertjmartin6 I loved to play against certain players. Dominic Riola was one of them for the lions 
pwojahn34 bdei80 what I am saying is I am willing to bet my salary that I would be better then 86 percent of Lbs on the field now  
bdei80 I think if a team puts me on the roster they would want me on the field. I def couldn't play special teams at this point 
That's a good question for the NFL teams.  still got the speed strength knowledge, so:.. 
The  defense made me proud they played with purpose and aggression reminded me of myself  
Off to Kids baseball practice I got the game recording I'll holla later my evaluation  
Packers are pounding the ball! 1,2 punch Eddie Lacey and Starks 
With the Lions beating the Raiders makes me feel a lil better about the state of the Packers.  
Good things happen when you try to stretch the field. It's like having good 3 point shooters in basketball. 
No time for Rodgers... Everyone on the line was beat in some fashion on that play 
The swarm is in full effect today!!! That's how you play Defense!!  
That's the Griminess I was talking about!!  
Rumbling tumbling Eddie Lacy looks like Eddie Lacy!!  
Lady's and gentleman we have a sighting of pressure !!!  
Well that would work too!! Anger!! Physicality.. Aggression... Etc etc 
I know sometimes fans don't like it but I would like to see a lil more "griminess" in this Packer Defense. 
Miscommunication Miscommunication and more Miscommunication  
It was until he misjudge ball undercut with out being in position to make solid tackle if he missed 
Battle royal  
Bad decision and poor technique 
Maintain your running gaps.. Don't get nosey or AD with take advantage. 
Nice drive. Was lil worried about the 3-1 play call. Seem to be a lil too slow developing play for my taste.  
GBPackers_Diva that just might make the difference  
It's almost game time!!!! Man it's bout to go down!! 
Shooting a Qamp;A after today's packers games please send video questions to bfivesixgmail.com 
Defense has to play today for them to even have chance 
After a 3 game losing streak today would be the perfect day for packers to end against a tough division opponent.   
Yes!! It's grind time today!!who the hell doesn't like getting better!! Really!!  
King_Kongbo yea your home awaits you  
People ask me all the time why you go so hard! I tell them everyday it's a different reason. Today.... Was about missing being on the field 
BrennanClay24 already!  that's why I stay on the healthy tips 
Dajones19 I know right that's why am in the gym lol 
Info: Caffeine, processed foods, and bad fats could be irritating your good gut bacteria. Also, the bad bacteria really love sugar.  
bdei80 no just in town for the weekend 
bdei80 lunch  
Out here grinding what did you do today  
Injuries resulting from bad technique are the worst because you realize if you change one small thing it would have never happened 
mattybanks85 would of made the tackle thou!  
Tackle!!! 
That's the second time Ha Ha took the portion of the hit! 
Wow that's two PIs in a row!!! No flags. With all that said must keep your cool!! 
Somebody check Devonte Adams gloves cause that was a crazy grab!!  
Absolutely perfect weather here in GB for a game!! Makes me miss playing with every fiber in my body!! 
VibeOnGoodVibes has to be!! 
MH20land which vehicle is that 
Come check out ya boy I you are in GB this weekend. Make sure you are dressed to impress All Black 
I don't see the problem with the  sometimes you need to step up if the media is getting it wrong who holds them to it? 
Starting to keep a lil video journal on random days check me out on my YouTube channel please subscribe 
Some days it's not about health or muscle building. It's about therapy. 
Helping=healing get you some 
Health tip for you: Eat breakfast within 1 hour of waking every day to boost metabolism, improve energy levels and control hunger. 
Preach  
If you have a chance this morning please check my YouTube channel and subscribe if you are into fitness 
Check out another fun hopefully motivational fitness video from ya boy... Let me know what you think fareal 
But when you got Dez it doesn't matter just throw it up lol  
That interception was the difference between back Qb and starting!  
Absolutely lol 
thurmanthomas lol 
Lots of plays looking like they need flags   
Big play for the Packers defense if call is upheld !!  could have even been pass intervene on offense 
Brussjr at home on madden  
Bad feet at the line lead the WR to get inside position.  
That was more of a flop then a flag  
Bills looking good right now with TT back!!  
Sure could use JermichaelF88 right now thou !!  
Bout time Cobb !!  
The blitz package must be really good or the O-line is sleep right now  
Packers in a major struggle right now. Hopefully they go in locker room and come out ready to play next half. Defense especially 
Is any of my  ready for a new video? Let me know  
BOMBSHELLLx0 yea I haven't been on snap chat very long but I am now!! Let's get it!! Lol 
Follow ya boy on SnapChat I be doing some ridiculous things on there lol  nickbarnett56 
I had a dream about a white rabbit last night I am expecting a blessing today  
SynergySPGB how bout making 21 tackles in a game on that turf? Players are on the turf a lot for football.. Practice practiceetc 
So now Turf causes cancer???? Athletes can not win   
Make sure you check out my YouTube channel if I can motivate one person besides myself mission accomplished  
Can't turn down!! Who the hell do I think I am thou lol  
Based on the way GB played last and lingering injuries very Possiable but we will see  
But who's knows maybe the 49's resurface after benching Kaepernik 
Looks like Carolina is the team to beat in the NFC now. Very sloppy game but expected in the weather conditions.   
Thank you lol 
This is how I was feeling this morning before I crushed the gym!!  
Progress pic on  was really grinding today the lighting makes it look a lil better then it is but still  
It's Valentine's Day for your chest show it some love!!!    
Good morning need some workout motivation check out this YouTube  
We need something downfield!! Calling James Jones 
Big injuries on defense hurt in that drive! 
Ready!! 
A couple small adjustments on defense for the Packers and find a way to get the ball downfield on offense they can still win this! 
Thomas is getting off early!! Shields out right now it's not looking good.. Might need to double him  
Rare boot by Peyton got Em  
Must get body's moving in front of Peyton's face to disrupt his timing. Doesn't have the arm he use to. 
Ya boy at it again!! Grinding in the gym on arm day lol fun stuff Hype Williams of fitness videos lol 
djhomicide nope!! 
Come check your boy out on my YouTube channel! Every 500 views I will post new video show me some love  
Trying  
Check me out if you have time staying on my grind! Let me know what you think. 
If you like fitness check my first fitness video out. Just got on YouTube so don't know exactly how it works 
Fitzpatrick is looking like that Qb my first five games in Buffalo!!  
I think Scott Chandler likes being in this NE Patriots offense.. Making plays out there.  
Huge stop by Buffalo after that major turnover 
No communication in headset seems to work better for EJ.. 
Goal line stop here is huge!! Confidence and momentum builder now can that offense get off the goal line without a safety?  
Big mistake by Nigel.. Must stay in coverage 
Well at this moment I can't but he still has time to redeem himself in the 2nd half. With no replacement has to!! 
Buffalo offense is starting to look a bit better, that's not saying much given how it start   
wordplay_kid26 not yet lol 
Bills not looking too good right now would be a understatement    lack of discipline 
We finished !! 
Couple of my super heroes 
 ? 
Progress photo be working hard on changing my physique! 6 days a week ! Dieting! Taking care of numero uno  
A couple of Sunday's ago before I went to the Packers game had to get a lil workout in but was wishing I could join 
Wow 
That's was a good battle! Packers have been tested the last two weeks and came out on top. Wasn't pretty but got the job done!  
James Jones has been absolute clutch for the Packers really great to see him back.. My turn?? Lol  
This will be a major blow if Allen can't finish this! Looks like something happened with his HipFlexor! 
We have a real game on our hands folks!!   If the packers want to win they will need to stop Allen!! Just a thought  
Never mind .. Short 
I think that might be a Touchdown... Allen is having one hell of a drive.. 
Wow outstanding two plays by Allen! Good defense both plays just better effort by Allen    
LIVE on  Morning bullshit talk 
But you can't have a argument? Don't we all argue? Or naw?  
Man.. You can't even have a argument with your significant other with out it being front page. I don't condone any physical abuse 
simplesally true  
If you only have one child please do not think you know everything about parenting! Things change the more you have!  
Looks like horse collar to me but I see nothing   
Life is Crazy!! You have people go from one extreme to the next!  
Stop being extra correct with your Twitter grammar it's not cute!  
The most disrespected and discriminated race in the word in Black licorice !!!   
WIFOOTBALLU Thank you all love 
matthewcgeorge the problem is your stats are incorrect check again! Combine tackles 
matthewcgeorge Fan? It says in bio your a writer? You may know the team but seems you have no clue about football  
matthewcgeorge well hey looks like you might know it all.. How come I have never heard of you before?  
matthewcgeorge only one season with over 100 tackles!? False Twitter beef? 4th and 26? Ha Your a joke dude 
matthewcgeorge is that correct? My 8 years here were pretty good  we will just have to see but thanks for your negative input  
There is a new currency in town called "Attention" lol 
With social media you don't need money to get attention now.  
Man thegame album goes hard So far it's sounding like a classic..  
dub510 Nice you already set up on tickets? 
Thinking I might just have to Tailgate!!! Who has a sweet Rv with great Food??? Lol  
Coming to the packers game this weekend.. Excited to visit my old stomping grounds can I get a field pass?  
With all that said great play by Kam! Period!! 
The ball was batted forward not backwards 
Any thing in the End zone should be reviewed! Just like all scoring plays.. Wait didn't they review where the fumble occurred? 
I agree but I knew it!! Refs are paid high dollar to know it!! 
I can't really say it was Seattle cheating but man there is always some home cooking going on there!!  
Yes true but it seems the refs always mess up there lol 
I called it!!! You can't intentionally bat the ball out of the endzone !!! Seahawks get away with cheating again!! 
ElmoD24  
I think Miami should bring back Dave Winnestandt!! They let him go to early awhile ago when Miami was successful 
shawnemerriman oh I saw that wrong lol lol 
shawnemerriman don't use his size as excuse lol Zack Thomas was even smaller I do t recall him being hurt as much  
If you guys don't wanna hire me as a player please hire me as a coach tired of watching mediocre LB play from players with talent 
LIVE on  Morning motivation 
LIVE on  Morning motivation and rain lol 
LIVE on  Still at pictures Carlsbad 
LIVE on  Kids soccer pictures lol 
LIVE on  After 2nd work out 
LIVE on  Morning motivation 
Iamtherock23 who did that?? 
Police disrespect? Police brutality? We need some kinda of change in the police actions 
If this wasn't my boy  we would have not heard a thing about this. This disrespect is uncalled for!! 
beaverkman sj39 soon!! 
This is me watching bad Lbs play 
Police trippen fareal 
LIVE on  
LIVE on  On my way to gym 
LIVE on  Home 
Kick push kick push lol 
tpripper I live here 
My kids flag football team just lost to Kellen Clemens flag football team.. Didn't even know it was him coaching the opposing team lol 
Damn spell check lol 
Karalyn_Zachary sorry about the spelling lol 
We pumpin lol having fun in the gym    
AshleyLCMC NSX1981 that's Labor Day weekend  
Does anyone have a fantasy league I can join in the Carlsbad area??? 
So..... Really how does everyone feel about Donald Trump ? 
Really sad to hear the news about Jordy but if anybody can come back from this better then before it would be him!!  
My Lincoln 
laurinadee fairmont 
shawnemerriman you haven't heard!? Ever since the meek battle Light skin cats getting real brave  
Ok good night  
Ha and that happened goodnight 
Ok I am done  
Ranging River  
Oh and my Porsche rims by asanti  
Chilling 
Fly 
You wanna sign her yet???? 
Talzar I don't know which one is right honestly  
AshleyLCMC  I bet!! Good genes on your side!! 
Super heroes!!! 
Swing is getting there 
AshleyLCMC let's set it up!!! I need two goats!! Lol jk 
She likes cakes thou!! No point intended 
Just chillin!! 
Stop playing!! Hide your daughter!! He will slay!! Lol 
Keep going or naw? 
And there is my heart! 
Think I am doing something thou lol 
Yea 
Wait where am I thou 
Burno mars or naw? Lol 
Please pick one 
Aloha thou 
Old spice ? 
Grinding 
I don't condone domestic abuse.. But man act like Hhhhooos will meet there doom when they run across the tribe 
Gifts 
Real street life of kruz 
First time Knixon was laid  
Sun is almost set 
Word! 
To all you qn_sports fans out there...  Giving product away is always a good time and I 
Rich_Crawford6 Chargers Good work work bro!! Stay taken care of your body and grind hard!! 
Check me out doing my asantiwheels thang!! Great day in the park with my White Turbo!! 
Gabezababe ready RIGHT now!!! 
Not going to lie but Johnny Manziel looked pretty good!! It is preseason thou... 
Playing no games out here!! Little by little I will reach my goal!! It's been 4 weeks of grinding and 
Had a great day yesterday at the photoshoot!!  rims on the  we out here killing them real classy!! 
CarlosGoodman Garbage site!!   and  lol 
Dang cold game enjoy it!! 
itsCrab totalpackers I've blocked them years ago lol 
Back to back!!! Lol still going!! Meek still missing  
Anybody seen Meek? Drake put out to songs already haven't heard nothing from Meek? I thought he use to be a battle rapper? 
Here's a lil something to help your communication skills with your lil ones 
I am taking my level of fitness to another level!! It's grind time 
I love the last scene in Whiplash!! So motivational 
Add ya boy on snap chat!! Starting to really get this thing lol be advised not sustainable for all viewers  
Koko birthday party with Belle  
It's grind time!!! Workout may consist of bike riding and surfing let's see how it works out 
Ok am back!!! Let's get it 
I miss all my Twitter fam I think it's time I revisit my Twitter account retweet if you agree..  
Lol  
FlowGator15 I think if you drive a Mack truck thru the building it would kill more people and easier .. Just saying 
Bobby_Beatzzz we been trying to solve the racism and ignorance here forever.. Looks like another set back.. 
Bobby_Beatzzz the number one problem here is ignorance 
FierceTweetsLEW still wouldn't stop him from killing people if he wanted... He could build a bomb using household items.. People kill not  
"He just said 'I have to do it. You rape our women and you're taking over our country. And you have to go,'" Johnson told NBC News. Really? 
Why are we making this a gun control issue??? Isn't this a hate crime? It was a hand gun not a assault riffle.. 
yt2dope I think what played a bigger part in slowing Lebron down! Was no Irving and no love. Just my opinion! 
No Curry no win, no iggy still Possiable to win series. That's all am saying congrats to the Warriors thou!! California Champs!! 
p_lib andre love him! And agree he was a difference maker in this finals but I still think Curry on the court made the major difference 
yt2dope if it was on defense then Darymond Green was in the running??? 
miguellem90 did you not see the constant trap on curry!!!?? He occupied two every time he touched the ball!! Did you missed that??? 
26 points per game in finals with constant double team and no M.V.P no discredited Iggys contribution but really!!?? 
This is how am feeling right now!!! Happy  enjoy!! 
Enough said!!! If your not up at the crack of dawn trying to reach your goals well you aren't up for 
The NY giants of Carlsbad!! 5-2-1 not bad for a first year coach and players!!    
bdei80 sold already 
bdei80 never fallen on hard times just selling boat you loser  
2003 eliminator 26 ft Daytona w mercruiser 500 efi supercharged engine. Engine has 130 hours. 
I finally got someone to follow my playlist  
 Grinding love taking care of myself. It's a must even when you don't feel like or get 
R.I.P BB King one of my fav Blues artist.. Had the pleasure of seeing him live with my mother in Greenbay Wisconsin at the oneida casino 
Wow the clippers fell apart!!! Don't remember the last time a home team in the playoffs was up 19 and fell behind 10 
So did I call out the four games for Brady or Naw? Should it be more or less? 
Whoa lol 
SolomonsWisdom_ srakfleming PaddyBuckingham ---please tell them big homie!! 
Both cheaters should be punished  
Fareal thou  
If you haven't read the full report, please do not respond or comment to my tweets.   
Clippers looking real good with out Chris Paul.. 
And there you have it folks!!! 
PatskriegDotCom maybe... But I believe cheating is cheating.. People risking there health for a fair shot at winning the game..  
It wouldn't have been a thing if they weren't already caught cheating in the past  
Crptmuncher I said if he is guilty go back and read thru! 
GregBousnakis they were also found cheating on couple of those games correct   
Ok am done on the topic!! Until further review lol ... 
GregBousnakis when you cheat this game you disrespect everyone who ever wore the shield! That's just  
Crptmuncher doesn't matter.. If you cheat you need to be punished if your caught and they were... Lol 
Bounty gate by far.. Hurting people for money is by far a worst offense  
PatskriegDotCom he was suspended correct? 
 yea right lol 
I feel like if this was any other player besides Tom Brady discipline would have already be handed out!  
Crptmuncher I didn't say it had anything to do with blow out but sure it made Tom feel better throwing!! Also it's cheating! 
Crptmuncher did colts deflate the ball? 
TheDomValenti Pitchers in Mlb are fined suspended for messing with the baseballs correct? What's different here??? 
TheDomValenti by the NFL and that is the government that governs Players!! Using performance enhancing drugs is cheating! So is deflating 
TheDomValenti cheating is illegal as well!!  
nutgoat they have punished players for less! 
TheDomValenti so your saying he should not be punished for cheating??? Really??? 
If Tom Brady guilty then he should face the same consequences as someone on performances enhancing drugs!!! 4 game suspension for cheating 
jonj04 really ? Cast no stone? 
Don't put your hands up if you know fasho you had no chance!! He gave you charity letting you survive 12!! Just the truth 
jasonjwilde well I guess I got another young guy to teach  
jasonjwilde if you thought that was fun wait to hear about how I am going to stalk coach moss till he picks me up!!! Lol 
jasonjwilde that's cause they can always call me  
I don't think Jameis Winston should have took done pictures of grab legs!! If he can't have fun with the past you can't move forward !! 
This day will change the lives of many! People will achieve a goal they have had since they were lil 
Messing with my fam asantiwheels wait till y'all see that 2015 catalog!!    
TMichaelCronin ji711 neither just vote for who makes sense. 
With all that said I think it's dumb to tear your own neighborhood up!! I never understood that.. 
LuvChicagoCubs to bring a nation together? Obama care? Tax the rich? Why did you vote for him? 
Jeffgotjuice get off my timeline with your ugly face!! Lol 
MattRussow first of all would like him to comment on the situation!! He sure will comment on events going on in other countries 
steinauf it doesn't seem local if it keeps happening all over the nation!! 
britmow The courts? The same courts the officers work out of? It's been to courts time after time.. The people feel hopeless 
Where is president Obama?? Isn't this the reason we voted to have him in office??? "Yes we can"  
britmow They have you talking about them..After 5.7 million dollars in payouts of police brutality.. Something else has to be done 
I don't know why I feel like am doing something sneaky but these things are too good!! One before my 
I miss having a lockerroom full of built in friends... I never thought I would have to make some.. Welp I was wrong lol  
Ladyluvhoops you sure did leave out that injury to love thou  that was pretty dirty 
Ladyluvhoops there's a thin line between physical and dirty.. Not sure who crossed it first but looks like cavs are willing to finish 
Ladyluvhoops celtics play dirty! If they don't want that type action then they should clean up the way they play!! Do on to others 
This heavyweight fight is so weak!!! 
Too hot? Get out of kitchen or turn on AC? You choose!! 
Brad_GoPackGo with blonde hair? And that's a racist statement lol 
Funny stuff lol... I didn't actually catch this my boy amichael84 did.. But thought I would post lol 
They have these  But the family and love emojis are still white. (Yellow)  
BOMBSHELLLx0 it's not brown black or any other? Lol 
AlexTallitsch lol ha 
antkingsmith hey bro can I jump on the line with to talk about Troy and Ike wanna get your take before I go in to nfl network.. 
This dude wants to be frank Lucas, the Hitman, the bodyguard, the driver, the lookout.. The whole 
I remember talking smack to Arron Hernandez like I was some kind of real "gangsta" well he has officially won that battle  
Look at what I found in my ash tray!! Jk its to hard to drive with that bad boy needed to stash it 
MikeGarafolo: Forgive the misspelling, Packers Nation: John Kuuuuuuuuuuhn has re-signed with the team.--Next up Nick Barnett??? 
This how I really felt when I saw those dogs in my house this morning!! Lol  
Two new additions to the family Surprise dada  I wake up to find to lil dogs in the kitchen In a 
DraytonFlorence marcusstroud99 damn I need a invitation next time lol 
PhillyNicks not sure let me know when you ready 
Desbishop55 we make all these comments about police but yet we (minorities) won't join the force to change it. The Irish knew early.. 
Lee_David100 they lost but damn that late in the game two possessions is huge 
Two possessions taking from the Badgers.. Big ones.. Fingergate and out of bounds scandal.. Really sucks to lose to refs and Duke  
What!! You can't see anything??? But why did America just seen the finger tips touch the ball!!!!??? Really??? 
Dad is usually behind the Camara      
AlleyDalley destroyed it!! 
So.. Yea I couldn't resist lol 
Speak a lil louder my homie can't hear you!!  Happy Easter yes I am flooding your time line so 
Early morning EASTER dance party        
Happy EASTER everyone!!  
Good day of kids flag football!!  my lil Giants cont to impress me 
TheRealAdamToth is that negativity I sense?  
People be asking me "what you doing today?" I reply getting better and you?  
Although you think you getting a deal on a newer model remember they aren't built the same anymore!! The frame ain't the same  
Watching the game in Sd gt; watching the game wherever you are! jk I am sure they are equally great but 
They  on something that I feel is  maybe I am bias but.... To not  the tires  
SpartanWilliam: NickBarnett Lions? Anybody???  
I 100 know I can come in the NFL an be a impact player!! But all I can do is prepare and grind waiting on a opportunity  
Ladyluvhoops fasure 
NotoriousWhips what's all that? Starting a landscaping? 
This  got me walking everywhere lol 
So for four weeks I average 23k steps a day... Is that a lot or average?  
I hate when people try to have a regular conversation after they farted the walking dead!!! 
Stay hungry!! 
Every now and then I take a picture that looks like art... Everybody needs somebody to lean on. 
Just grinding is my motto 
When people send you the same stuff they post online!! Like really??? Lol  
jose_gumbs28 man what you been up to bro 
Brandn_OnDemand fasho 
Brandn_OnDemand you making it down for the boat action? 
If this dual stadium really happens it's going to be a interesting situation to say the least!!  
It's that simple in my house!!!   
Gm's at the combine looking for a Mufasa... News just in I am at home waiting for you to call me!! 
Lucious Lyon bout to get back on that cookie diet... Hmmmm 
Brandn_OnDemand be so upset!!! Lol  
KhanBalushi20 man hopefully next month when it gets warmer 
JDizzzle12 side face thou lol 
DavidClowney: NickBarnett boy you look sharp old timer !!!!---Damn old timer!!?? Lol 
TD58SDTM: NickBarnett Top five! I like it. Lol--already!! 
maascowjr: NickBarnett haha. Ok then, who do you think would best fit in GB? Me 
maascowjr: NickBarnett anyone remind you of yourself?-- i like them all see myself in them all lol ha ha 
Mowsley I actually had him up there it was between him and Thomas Davis really lol 
willblackmon they didn't ask me about Dbs lol 
If you missed it check out my top 5 LBS such a hard job to do.. 
BHugh_215 TheFakeAlbert well he was on my list it was a tough decision but he is def a good LB 
MichelleTuckner only if you got a job for me  
wyche89 thanks big homie 
ejamesneal NFLTotalAccess PatrickWillis52 hey def would be on there if he was not hurt 
Great day of work here at NFL network.. Hope I get more days like this  
Should be a interesting day right???? Who you think will get the tag??? 
That was a fun dunk contest to watch. Been a long time since I enjoyed one. 
A superstar has just been born! 
My bad statefarm lol 
This Allstate stuff is starting to get corny just saying 
djhomicide with that same outfit and shades lol  
 working on his body boarding skills in the hot tub lol hang loose! 
theMMQB he's a linebacker! With speed and ability.. With the way the game is going (pass orientated) I think he has a big upside (Shaq) 
Brandn_OnDemand rio_gonder I might have to come down and crash the party 
Earrrttthhhquake!!!! 
singlemanmarch maybe lol 
Can't make a emotional tweet with out people jumping to conclusions lol dang why so serious lol 
GBPackNationGB all good lol 
JosieWebster11 GBPackNationGB that was a incorrect tweet.. I have not said anything of the sort 
GBPackNationGB: Former Packers LB officially announces his retirement from the NFL. We miss you ---incorrect 
benzitouni: NickBarnett Enjoy your much deserved retirement. You're one of my all time favorite Packers--- not retired still trying 
It's a blessing to be around so many great fans.. I have had a wonderful 11year NFL career that I wish 
It's really sad with all these arrest in the NFL.. I have no room to talk I am not perfect but we have to do better!  
LanceBriggs dang 
Rich_Crawford6 come by the crib when you get free dude 
Rich_Crawford6 you still out here?? 
djhomicide you out here tom? Where at? 
LanceBriggs when they playing OREGON State again thou  
I really ignore negative things when I am on the path on positivity... So times you need blinders!  
shawnemerriman touchdown!! 
Happy Birthday to my Beautiful Fun and loving mother!!! Josephine Barnett!!!  
Ok Michael Jackson show at Mandalay bay was best show I ever seen!!! Thanks VEGASGEORGY for taking care of the Barnett fam!! 
Feels a lil like 2007 NFC championship game! 
I bet they wish they had those red zone touchdowns instead of field goals. That fake field goal didn't help either.. Wow so close!! 
This year ex special teams coach Morton moved to Seattle. I wonder if he had something to do with that fake there  
Rain coming down hard now thinking its time to get back to running the ball? Or naw??? 
The only 12th man I see effecting the game is the man that is wearing number 12! Great job By the Packers coming into a hostile environment 
Great three points be still must score touchdown in redzone.. 
Flags are flying today!! Lack of discipline on that Seattle defense so far!! 
IAMANITABAKER: Need that pass rush... Mr Rodgers got enough time to make Pancakes--Even Ms Baker knows what's up lol 
TonyDungy: GB is playing bump and run M-M defense and the Seahawks receivers are not getting open. -They came to Play 
Good job by 29 flipping his hips in that coverage.. 
Turnt up here!!! Lol 
Real balanced offense they got going right!!! 11runs 12 pass... 
That's the way to run the ball !!! Eddie out there lacing them up!! 
Would be a great time to get that run going on offense for Packers. I wonder if they rotate the backs this drive ?  
Looks like that Packer defense came to play today!! 
Need to score in the red zone.. Miss two big opportunities there. Great Stops by Seahawks D. 
Going down at the MGM   
RicanJoe1981 GiadaVegas and great service it was sir!! 
I am ME... I apologize in advanced if you are offended by me being me... Sorry I will not change who I am to make you feel more comfortable. 
DTollefson71: Just lost a lot of respect for Meyer.  was thinking the same thing 
sooto_vic: Cardel Rothlisberger/leftwhich lol 
You guys are too sensitive wow.. 
AndrewFlores06 I do... 
Titletownsound was ment that way.. 
Big play by the five Six...  
Crosby does have experience kicking wet soggy balls  it's good 
Get the field goal going into the half... How big was that missed field goal? Now let's make sure it's not a soggy kick here !! 
Nice spin move by the young kid! 
Crob4452 still ready 
That was even worst then before!!! It's hard kicking a frozen soggy ball!!!  lol 
You guessed it!!! I was right!!! Lol 
I don't if that yellow line was wrong on my tv but that didn't look like a correct spot   
CP308 I did miss opening drive lol 
JasonHoward1983 yes I did miss opening drive lol 
My opinion right now but I like the way Starks has been running this game can we go with hot hand? 
Starks looks motivated today!! Run hard but hold on to ball!! 
I think Rodgers held that looking for a deeper opportunity after he saw flag... Heads up football.. 
Rich_Crawford6 lol 
 
Refs still cashing checks  jk  lol 
What a crap call!!! Tickey tackey!!!  
sinoricemoss JesssieWoo lol lol 
citti34 should of said hi! 
Best Ice Truck I ever seen lol sdsweettreats turn up lol 
Is Playstation network still down? This is ridiculous! 
The problem with so much access to everything is that you will never have great underground artist anymore. 
Get ready Dallas hot you got a good base layer in that frozen tundra  
I love camp fires!!! Please tell them I need mo fire fire fire fire!!!! Lol 
Got some paddle tires so ready for  hopefully jraudiocustoms has a spot for me lol is 
Big fumble!! 
Berzirk majornelson would love one!! I heard they work a lot better and smoother!! 
Call of duty may be one of the most unrealistic games ever with these sniper cheaters lol 
Playstation station "NotWork" still down? Lol 
Playstation still not working really? 
AaronNagler wow you would expect on the busiest day of the year they would have it together especially how much these dang things cost! 
All the sudden my call of duty doesn't work online!!!  
Have a Merry Christmas!! God bless all of you. I am very grateful to have the friends and family I do. 
Has anyone on here camped glamis? If so where is the best place to set up camp with family. 
KOKO making sure Mrs. Santa takes back her toy request!!    
nf_sabres_fan huh? Lol 
To the Raiders thou!!?? Dang tough one  
So.... I need some friends who like to camp and ride ATV/UTVs etc RVs are not necessary down in the SD area will meet you in dunes lol 
AKellzz oh that sucks 
If the Bills or Packers go to Super Bowl the tailgate that will go down in AZ will be ridiculous!!  
I love the holidays and Winter....But!! I really miss Summer!!     
KeenanRobinson1 can I get a pair thou!!?? Lol 
manville52 yes I would have been happy either way. But now Bills have a chance to go to playoffs so I am excited for that! 
With my Bills beating my Packers I might as well root for the Vikings!! Lol we need a lil help from the purple people!! 
gjorg1024 all my friends  
So out of all the places I go to eat I end up at a Vikings Bar lol I walk in and here Skoolvikings lol 
I woke up saw the rain and almost decided to sleep in but then I remember I use to practice in worst rain then this at Oregon State  
JermichaelF88 hey bro what's good!! We still waiting for the Finley visit!!!  
Here's a throw back for that tail end lol   Uncle Ted my number is still the same I would 
If you can't fight you can't fight all the training in the world won't change that!!! It's inside of you! 
It's selfish but all people want is someone who loves them no matter how much of a piece a shit they are!  
leon_kennedy_jr wait your a troll lol 
leon_kennedy_jr Really? Lol 
It's funny all this Drake and Diddy stuff... You remember when PAC was going at Them? I don't remember him calling PAC outside  
"If you can't do this we can't date " should be the caption of this lol 
If you were going to protest somewhere where is the main place?  ? Are we at that point ? 
Wow coach Coach_Riley is leaving Oregon State. We are sad to see you leave. But Good Luck on your future in Nebraska!  
I need some good people to play ps4 call of duty with send me some game tags and I'll add you 
Same play different WR on that  
platinum1833 I liked to be on the field  
Packers moving on all cylinders but have to capitalize when they get down there in the redzone.. But keeping Brady off field  
Here comes hard count 
That's good defense! Can't front  
Nice way to get Cobb on a miss match! Hide him in the back field 
Clay can't take that back side gap vs counter.. Unless you make the play.. Leaves the front side LB on island 
That looks like a stinger! 
Adams may have a big day!  
Berzirk maybe still looking to play one more year maybe two lol 
Big body on big body with Browner Vs Nelson should be a match up to watch 
Looks like Akeem_Ayers has found a nice new home!! Regardless of penalty good speed and finish on that play 
NE using motion when Clay is at the inside lb position hoping to get him thinking more then just playing. 
Why Pete Carroll be chewing his gum so hard thou!! Lol 
Save the Turkey!! Eat a duck     
Last minute Thanksgiving grocery shopping!! I thought I take this fine Black lady for a drive!!  
dee_greatest shoot me a text I'll send you the Adress we have way too much food over here 
dee_greatest yes mam Yall coming over? 
Cornbread was so pretty some one put icing on it thinking it was a cake!!!  
Barnett Thanksgiving underway this is just for the dressing!!! Turkey gizzards Ox tail ham hocks 
LibbyPiller: NickBarnett He's done.--"really ninja "??? Lol 
Making prediction now!!! If RG3 gets on another team he will be successful! Just a prediction.. How bout Tampa ???? 
"Got the club going up on a Tuesday!!" Taco Tuesday or yea?? Lol  
That moment you realize what your dancing to lol   lol 
Dallas ran right thru that defense!! Odell going to need a lot more catches with the way that D just played! 
Ok that catch was sick!! 
Sunday night football now !!! Jam pack action on my sunday!! 
simplesally no he got a packers sweater on lol 
JessIsSassy lol 
Hair crazy but Kaden needed to block sun!!! So... I sacrifice lol 
Ok I never been to a NFL game as Fan what do people wear? 
Headed to the charger game today I been missing being in a stadium.. Anything cool I should look for down there? 
Justin924 lol nothing!! Lol 
A complete waste of my money!!! Fight  already!!! Cause this was a disappointment 
lotayro What happened to them last week  
YungChief lets do it 
"All about that bass no treble!" 
YungChief what's good!! 
Then of course a wall of me    lol   
Got a couple of the homies jerseys up    
R.i.P to this work out I just killed at TeamEXOS thanks to the NFL trust having my back!!    
To much celebrating for 1st win! I bet Wood Adress that  
Came up big on defense to force them to 3.. 
Wow muffed punt? Can't have that when your trying to get your first win! 
I know for a fact I can make a team better! I just need another opportunity. I keep the faith but I keep seeing moves that don't make  
britmow lotayro Yall stuuuuuuupid lol  
Just in case you were wondering yes am in shape! Yes I wanna play! Yes yes yes yes!! Oh and Please  
britmow: lotayro NickBarnett lawlzzzzz. Too far.___Thats what she said  
Who's ready for football???? 
Some people believe no one cares about you they only deep down care about what you can do for them! What you think? Is it different ? 
No matter what you choose somebody will not be happy with your decision! So what do you do? Lol 
Wow missed opportunity there!!   
The ball never lies!!! Remember that 
I don't like that call!!! 
EthanKeller just sent DM 
EthanKeller send me a edited version of my background and maybe I will  
EthanKeller wow!! Although I respect your feelings.. I will politely decline your request.. 
EthanKeller racist imagery? Not sure what your referring to.. 
JMIL777 can you send me the link how to see it 
My lil Homie Knixon and I congratulating My sister in law on getting engaged in NYC!!  
No respect in life is the worst!!! 
If you can run the ball you can win the game!! 
I really wanna start fishing!! I need a pro in SD to show me the ropes do you guys know anyone? 
What's inside you? Everyday I wake up facing different challenges. But the fire that burns inside me 
When you have Wisconsin plates people yell their city to you when your at red lights!! Lol "Racine" have to love the midwest!! 
Indoor plants and pottery is expensive!! 
JoelOsteen: God helped you get started, but more importantly, Hes going to help you finish. He didnt bring you this far to leave you. 
Lbs just can't cover like they use too!!  
Arizona just ran that down the Raiders neck!! 
Mr_Pantano Thanks 
Clutch 
djhomicide I wouldn't say that more like scheme 
Don't fall for the double move in the redzone!!! 
Healthiest I have been in three years!! The hungriest I been as well! When the opportunity comes I will devour it!  
Brandn_OnDemand yea right 
Peppers out there making that 56 look good!! 
I really hate porn spam on my Instagram!! That's just disrespectful!! And those quick make a buck joints!! 
63GBPackerfan sounds good!! 
Waking up and grinding is not even considered grinding anymore to me! Really it is just an everyday routine. I love every second 
Everyday just continuing to grind a get better at my craft.. Waiting for my opportunity.. 
MsMiyayo305 oh snap what you doing there? Game? 
MsMiyayo305 you in GB? 
melissaahey I sure was 
spiceadams AhmanGreen30 this looks like it's going to be a high flying and scoring game!! 
spiceadams lol lol 
spiceadams hate hate hate hate lol 
Brandn_OnDemand ItsDonBenjamin JaeMurphy where at thou cause am out here in Ontario lol 
So.... When is RG coming back thou? Just saying 
Naw 
Or naw? 
LFletcher59 something!! 
Not a good start for my boys but have faith I think they will get it going!! 
This show  is pretty awesome thou lol 
Boy I tell you Dr. Seuss be speaking the truth!! "You'll look up and down streets. Look'em over 
JermichaelF88 what up homie where you at in the world?? 
My white girl said she wanted to do a photo shoot on the beach!! So I did !! 
What's really going on thou? Standards or different? 
Jarvis99jenkins what's cracking thou!! 
Was a very interesting day in the NFL yesterday!! 
Really out here grinding like am training for the combine.. I will tackle for food!!! Hungry out here lol 
A guy retires to give his brother his Kidney and we are still talking about negative stuff?? 
Sorry Carls Jr I will not eat anything called Bro-Tein  
Brandn_OnDemand man!! 
CaptOTM awesome 
BRocque we got one too haven't unpack it 
CaptOTM it's still in the boxes we are unpacking 
Look who we brought to dinner!!   
  
 
One of the best things I have ever seen in a box!! She is such a bundle of joy I learn things from my 
 
I wanna play soooooo bad!!! I will give you my left pinky!!!" Lol  
We need to get aggressive on this packer defense!! You are the Packer Defense!! 
Huge play trying to get back to the ball rcobb18 
You like the double reach out or naw!!!  
Not the cleanest start to a game. The excitement is still there! 
So excited for this game!!  
I would like to spend my time reading playbook a and breaking down film but this def isn't too bad of 
Does anybody play ThisMeanswar? If so shoot me your Game Center name and I'll add you 
Can someone please tell me what a performance sheet set is???  
Heartthrob_ROB5 Nice lil vaca lol 
Heartthrob_ROB5 ya boy back in town!! 
   get your mind out the gutter!! 
I like this Packer RB trio! All good kids! And talented!   
chandler_surf hey bro my board was cracked in the move to Carlsbad.. Can you fix it for me? 
I want in!!!  !!! Lol  lol 
CourtFinley88 lol 
If you stay ready you don't have to get ready!! Stay on the grind!! 
So eating breakfast in GB and the waitress comes up to me and says so who are you Randall Cobb? What??? We look alike?? Or naw?? lol 
IEatPupusas I do the same thing!!  
You ever notice that people try to look harder when your window is tinted? 
 one of the couple of plays I got to play last year on defense wasn't an ideal situation but I 
 be like yea man I can come thru "if I anit signed by then" with the event being 1 day away lol 
Just like a crackhead I need a hit!! A football hit thou!!! Lol  lol 
acdeprey then you shouldn't make judgments or comments about things you don't understand..  
And who takes a creepy photo of someone like that!!! You are not the media!! Lol stop being a creeper!! Don't make me Kanye you!! Lol 
Would you wear your own shirt? I do !! Proud of my  
RddepreyRyan seeking attention?? Lol yea right.. I am proud that I was able to live my dream. Do you have any shirts from yours????  
acdeprey yes I wear my own shirt!! Feel sorry for me??? Because I was able to live my dream and wear a shirt from it? Not sure why?? 
whosbrandon hey that's my car!! Jk lol 
jsm00th36 haven't stopped just waiting for call lol 
DraytonFlorence congrats!! 
I know it's weird to say!! But I really miss and wanna be in someone's camp!!    
 
No matter the circumstances just keep grinding hard!! You never know when your number will be called better to "over prepare"!! 
This how you have to park if you don't want to get scratches lol     
I don't ask for favors I give jobs!  
I need one of teams to let this dog eat!!! So hungry right now!!!  
Just grab some lunch thought I drop it low for you lol    
  having fun with my loved ones!! 
RayNitti lets do it lol 
Dajones19 damn like that lol that was only 5 lol 
 to when things were simple!!!   
Ok roster is full now...  guess I'll wait ... 
NickBarnett: Somebody please call uncle Ted let him know am ready to come home   lol 
Smee81 CBSSports would love to go back to Buff!! 
The Mercedes Benz dealership in Carlsbad has had my G-wagon for 2 months just to fix the sun roof!!! Wait did you hear me 2 MONTHS!!! 
Sorry but I can't stand iggys vocie!!! It sounds fake sorry!! 
GBPackers_Diva your welcome 
If you were an Adult doing this they would def think you were on drugs!! Lol 
Cinnamon buns so good they licking the plate!! Lol 
JENinATX lol 
Happy birthday to my lil princess!!! What a joy to have in my life four awesome kids!! Couldn't ask 
Ok Melo it's your turn Lakers it is bro!! Come on already 
Work being put in with coach_holmes grind time at exos 
LegoLand swooping thru the fairy tales lol   
This where I use to live in Fontana !!! You remember these deebarnett ??? 
Ladyluvhoops end of July lol 
A great day pulling my boys on a tube!! End of a great vacation!!  
Made it to the top!! We dem boys lol 
This would be a hard thing to tackle!!!     
Hiking time with the fam!! gotumcoach djisbeastly313 pinkbarbiegurl deebarnett and my mother in law 
909R8erFan lol 
Playing battle of sexes and the question was. What does Hemi stand for? Their answer was hydro electronic manifold intake!!! What!!??? Lol 
Rain rain go away I'm just trying to boat and play!!!!    
And we just had a earthquake here in BigBear!! It was small but active !!! 
A lil rainy but still a great time!!   
Rich_Crawford6 I am up in big bear with the family for the fourth I'll be there next week will you? 
Niles_Paul84 damn fareal?? 
pjmurphy249 I would def enjoy that!! 
A mini vacation selfie lol 
joediggs yea but not for me lol 
Wow last sec goal to steal the win away from  wow  
This is a great match!!   
Berzirk never lol 
Peaches and creme by 112 a throwback yet? Because that shhhhhh go hard!! Dj days lol back at the royal pac in Corvallis Oregon and peacock 
AlexTallitsch LinkedIn just time to reach out to the biz world lol 
Happy Father's Day to my father Leonard Powell R.I.P. .. A lot of the good things I do in my 
Just grinding!! Wouldn't have it any other way!! 
I have a big couple of days ahead of me these next couple of days. God works in mysterious ways.  Truly Blessed 
naildiggs what up thou!! You on twitter now this the real diggs? 
 has just started!! Get me a nice brunch in with the fam! Then a car wash then let the 
Two of the cubs can swim now, two down two to go!!  
I thought heat would take that but I know lil about basketball lol 
Y'all watching? 
SSgtJayo I sure did but I know it's not everyone it's just a couple everywhere but it's still out there 
Social media is the new civil rights leader! It allows people to see racism, hate and ignorance is still here!  
 cheeeny_rae lol it gets better each time lol 
Mind your own business! Then maybe people would want to know about yours!  
A little change of scenery     
Wow I would be pissed if I just washed my car!! 
ChecktheStatsAJ LFletcher59 that would have been fun.... 
LFletcher59 Thanks sir they forgot about me lol like I didn't already have a chip on my shoulders lol 
I really think I should be on this list!! Really? Lol 
Everyday is a day to grab and take advantage!! 
The fam pinkbarbiegurl with her lil cuzzin's 
Does this art speak to you? Do your part  
Do you know this song and artist singing it? 
LittIV lol 
NJLeitereg Where did you get this information from  
I just wanna say I been watching film from last year and rak98 was doing his damn thang!!! Haters shut up 
Godzilla is not even in the movie enough!!! 
 we love Cheena so much we like to scare her  
Godzilla sucks!!!! Don't waste your money and time just my opinion 
AlexTallitsch thenatural187 I would!! Lol I actually love McDonald's lol 
thenatural187 accept the commercial where they have a rich basketball player get everyone food in his mansion after what looks like party. 
ImTonyB so your saying racism doesn't exist? And be careful about talking about my kids homie that's a line you don't wanna cross 
Maybe it's just me but I find a lot of racism in McDonald's commercials..  
I don't care how fat / big etc you are wearing your T-shirt in the pool / beach is unacceptable love your self 
 My brother Dinde and me.. 2006 on a packer cruise 
Dbright21 bad winds today 
View from my house in Carlsbad!!   
Wow there's a fire here and they are starting to evacuate the neighborhood..    
Taco Tuesday or naw? Lol 
I am blessed to have accomplished all that I have in my life.. But I have a feeling there is more to 
This is where I live during the week!! Then... You can find me at the beach  
JermichaelF88 when you coming out here? 
These kids ain't got no shame one day after Mother's Day lol  
YungChief yea I heard in the email but everyone else need to hear it!!! Stone cold!! 
 or   
YungChief I know!! I need a link to post 
And another special Happy Mother's Day to the mother of my children one of the most patient kind 
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful mother Josephine! She's been ride or die with me thru everything 
Happy Mother's Day to all the real moms out there ?! 
Sometimes things look better Black and White   
Boys night out last night.. Took my boys for a lil hotel movie watching they love hotels lol 
Wow bills traded StevieJohnson13 that was way out of blue!! One of the founding fathers of the Mafia 
LMO3VAO that was before the draft changed in the 60's 
Congrats to Jason Verret really good kid I met him training here in SD he seem to really like the area I bet he enjoys being a Charger 
3 first round draft picks from OregonState now sj39 brandincooks and myself!! Fun facts  lol 
Congrats to my fellow  brandincooks I expect big things from this humble young man! 
Smee81 lol 
I really thought Buffalo was going to pick Mack.. The marketing there would have been thru the roof.. 
Nice Clowney with the first pick!! Congrats young man!! Strap up and enjoy the ride!!  
I remember receiving this call and what so surprised and excited.. At the time we were living in a 
That drake sprite commercial is so corny!! I get embarrassed every time it comes on!! Lol 
TheHankBaskett damn where's my invite?  
The sun beaming on your boy!! Damn it's hot!!  
This part of the year for teams is about Risk and Cost! But once August comes it will be about need! Once they find out that dog won't hunt! 
Bartender tricks in  the  this how I use to do it!! Lol   lol 
New shades yea or Nea?  
Scratch that fresh shave and the beach make me   lol 
MATTe_Finish94 I believe so  
Just seen a arial atom in real life can you say adult go kart lol 
This is what we doing in here!! Get it in or get lost 
Can't wait to be in Cabo like minus the phone lol 
I am so excited only two days till Cabo!!! 
A word of advice for y'all out there!! Beware of snakes!! They out there!! Lol 
A lil Easter Egg hiding  lol 
This is the  right here!! Yes, it's always good to be around positive people, people who inspire 
 Knixon popping caps!! That's how we do   
Coach_BrettB thanks for having me 
Brandn_OnDemand you left me know!! Come down here 
Brandn_OnDemand SD homie 
LibbyPiller yup 
I love grinding!! Real talk lol 
VEGASGEORGY SD!! 
Kaz6617Ken lack of production? Lol traded? Ok have a great day lol 
AlexTallitsch AaronNagler I agree lol 
Kaz6617Ken Bad omen? Huh 
Love my lil Knixon!!   
Fam enjoying the show in radiator springs lol Disney 
We just got off this I was scared on this fareal lol 
laurinadee dee_greatest where you guys at?? We on the California side 
Knixon showing off his tattoos  
Disneyland time!! 
willblackmon yea we are Here!! Let's go to Disney Tom!!! 
Getting some good word here in ANAHEIM!! 
This where I am tonight ready to be inspired to do better!! 
EuhusBeaver when is alumni weekend? 
 Kaden Kruz and Knixon 
 KNIXON   
Me and my bro! We just be cooling!!  
CheenaChocolate what you trying to say lol 
CourtFinley88: JessIsSassy: CourtFinley88 What will you do when they're full grown?" That is a fantastic concern.--- Cook them 
 the cutest lil thing in the world!! 
slickwynn94 everything good just grinding!! Waiting on that  
ajapackertalk me too lol 
Congrats slickwynn94 holla at my boy marcelldareus good people he will take care of you! 
Crazy game!! Wow 
Great pass  looking strong early in this game 
Made it to AZ it's super hot here!! Lol 
Back on the go!! Headed to Scottsdale  
Coach_BrettB been good how's everything your way 
RyanKrizan it's up for sale you wanna buy it  
ianduncs what party is that? 
BUFFALOBABY92 Fasho  miss y'all too 
Early morning flight!! Headed to GB to check on the crib.  Tired as hell.. 
CassieBeck6 Beck_Meliss ha lol 
Smee81 me too lol 
charlesvalvo true lol 
Do you pronounce it cinna-Bon or cinna-Bun  
It's been a sad day today.. My prayers are def out for both Jim Kelly's family and Ralph Wilson's. Both very kind individuals. 
driley06: S/O my Cuzzo NickBarnett for plugging me with these red   want them back lol 
brendon310 prob feels better not carrying that season wait thou 
brendon310 you lost a lot of weight or naw? Lol 
CourtFinley88 you silly 
Chris_Worthy: NickBarnett if you looking for something else to put up let me know.  awesome bro 
CaptOTM hell yea thanks bro!! 
KayoBlock that's pretty sweet bro 
federisimo yea hook me up!!  
SuperwomanSF: NickBarnett bbrowner27 I can design it-- yea B check her out she is really good 
bbrowner27: Looking for someone who can create me a twitter background.-Me Too 
kirkmorrison Uber_Phx where my invite 
Andre_Reed83: Randomly ran into  NickBarnett in sunny cali Bills family is every where thurmanthomas where you at? Huh-- 
andyroddick: Sorry about the Revis/Patriots call on FOXSportsLive last night ! Yup 
Hard day for some reason in the gym but pushed thru it...  
PR56 Congrats bro!! Well deserved!! 
You ever unfollow someone because of their lame social media activity? Lol Ain't nobody got time for that lol 
MsMiyayo305 fasho lol 
MsMiyayo305 why college? Lol 
SayHelloToAndy PatrickMoranBSD plan on doing that today ! I watch the season pilot thought it had pretty good potential. 
PatrickMoranBSD seen it  
Why is every single TV show about Murder!! Wow lol 
Zooooooooeeeeeeeeeeeee   
tristondunn that's why am taking my time on the season!! Season one went so fast!! Lol 
House of Cards is the sh..... Thank you Netflix lol 
I swear every since my first ACL tear it's been leg day everyday lol.. 
jemelehill Yup!! Lol Kobe Kobe Kobe lol 
MsMiyayo305: Guys who constantly degrade women, regardless of how the woman acts, will never be men.--Truth or maybe they like men more? 
Saw my boy working hard this morning!! rcobb18 welcome to SD!! 
Great Monday work!! Now time for meal prep lol 
Smee81 oh that's Knixon lol 
sooto_vic Lego Land 
Smee81 all three boys 
Mount up!! 
Everything about Spirit Airlines is cheap  lol 
brianpjannusch that was the joint lol 
Just when you think you have done a lot, there is always more you can do!! Grind till you can't grind no mo!! 
Got a nice Tuesday in!!!  
Made it to VA!! Nice lil Red eye flight  
Smee81 sure.. 
Smee81 I need to go get one 
Smee81 hi 
Sorry but I would never settle for mediocre. Why would you?  
And that was a great Monday in the Books!! 
John Walls dunk was sick thou!! 
I should of known it was going to be wack when Nick Cannon was the host    
Wow a disappointment there needs to be a final slam off!!! That's what the people want to see!! Slam dunks are not a team sport!!  
Yo this new format stinks!!!  
So there isn't a declared winner????  
S_Mayhew: NickBarnett Plan on robbing a bank or something?---No but def plan on playing loud music!!! 
One place I know I don't wanna live FLORIDA!!! Nice place to visit but that judicial system there is out of this world !!! 
Happy B-Day RGIII !!! Still can't believe you only been in league 2 years and your 32 years old!  jk lol 
RGIII: There is no perfectly smooth road to anywhere worth going--Church  
And the grind Cont!!! 
Salmon82 it's a sweet month  lol 
Brandn_OnDemand EricDlux I need to be there! 
And now the  season is over  
Will this be the biggest blow out in  history?   
No words  
How bout we just bring  and  back out  
So far the only successful thing I have seen from Broncos is the screen game they are to far behind to think that is going being them back 
Brandn_OnDemand EliWehbe  
adbrandt: Percy just earned his $15 million this year with one play.-- he had a couple this game but -TRUE!! 
Where is the fork !? Cause these boys are done!! Wow  
So  or  ?? Tough one 
Look like  been hitting that Crossfit 
Bruno hitting me with that James Brown huh!! I see you  
Bruno got some cuts thou! 
Yo terrycrews was hella funny in that  commercial 
Defense got these boys on lock  Peyton better find the Key  
Of Denver comes back would this be the biggest Super Bowl come back?  
If this was Madden!! Get off the sticks!!!  
Hung!!!  
Broncos with a lil movement but fighting for every inch they get! 
Broncos better hope the lights go out like last year!!  
Where is Peyton ??? Or the Broncos? This next drive is huge  
Looking like the old saying "Defense Wins Championship" is looking true as of early in this game for Seattle  
E_2Times Seattle 
dee_greatest At the house  
What is Peta saying about Joes coat?  
I love SuperBowl Sunday  is  
GeorgeFoster72 michaelstrahan Bro what's that about ? Lol 
King55Tez Damn I knew I should've went!! Well hit me when you get to Cali.. I'll be out here 
King55Tez you in Corona? 
Brandn_OnDemand Lol 
Brandn_OnDemand thought you was in Vegas? 
Niles_Paul84 lol lol 
I need haircut bad! Anybody know a place where they do razor sharp shape up in Carlsbad or close? Lol 
Ya boy is up and ready to grind!!  
Beavers_EQ Thanks for the Love!  
CheenaChocolate hey hey no talking biz with out me there lol 
Brandn_OnDemand: Greystone with the homie NickBarnett.---So Turnt lol 
AngieMachado1: S/O to special teams players...they are always so good at responding to my questions. 
MilesAustinIII everyone doing good! I need to get to Paris! 
MilesAustinIII what's up homie where you been!!?? 
driley06 you talk to Kenny ? 
driley06 Ls 
KelvinSheppard: nfl: VIDEO: Marshawn Lynch interviewed by Deion Sanders at  http://t.co/hZ5TYMk5I9 
Redskins Pharrell Wasn't hating, I'll be the first to tell you I am a Pharrell groupie just wasn't a fan of the first hat. 
Berzirk lol 
After the Grammys I really want a Robot suit!!! 
simplesally Def.. 
Now I like that Hat! 
And He got not  Mr.Lamar 
LydiaDominick: So cool that when rockstars age they just morph into old women.--Right lol 
Robin Thicke thought he was James Brown talking bout give me 16! Lol 
VEGASGEORGY you just have to be a bottle rat! Then no need to buy table you just table hop! Lol 
CheenaChocolate I think I spelled it wrong lol 
Ok  this beat is cold!! You might catch me rocking this in the whip  
Thinking I would have like to see a country singer sing that. 
Dciovacco I have never heard the song love the words but the performance was ...... 
Is this a popular song? sorry but his voice needs some work. 
LayloJ21 lol yo I thought the same thing lol why was she so weird 
Ok  mannerism had me thinking she bout to drop a freestyle !! Lol  
What kind of hat is that  smokey the bear?  
Wait so is that a jerry curl Beyonce got? Why is it so juicy ? Lol 
Akeem_Ayers Everytime I see one lol 
They are playing a lil bit harder but you can tell no one wants to play special teams lol  
Inamp;out   
2NicholsInADime JDuke33 I believe Sherman received many tweets about him being a "Thug" and etc 
So thinking I should hit coechella this year!! Sounds like a great time! 
FrederickNick true 
Jogging in jeans is not cool  
Smee81 if you like house etc follow "Go hard play list" lol 
Smee81 put in your search "Cali and new shit" sorry for bad words lol 
Range of Motion might be the worst part of rehab ouch!!  
Congrats to my boy marcelldareus for making it to the probowl!! 
Brandn_OnDemand lol 
Long day ahead!! Va 2 Ca  
VEGASGEORGY: Any one have the app GroupMe  
It was such a great game but all I can do is re watch that interview for laughter lol "Don't you ever open your mouth about the best" 
Oh ok he said LOB not MOB I was damn he just went Tupac on ErinAndrews lol 
TheFirst_48 lol lol 
Wait did he just say "MOB" ?  
I understand it's a hard job but refs got to do better!  
That was a devastating injury  
Congrats to my boy Paris Lenon. Was one of my big homies when I got to Green Bay glad to see him doing well. 
Get you some Pot Roast!! 
Excited for these games today wish I was playing thou! Lol 
Yo DJWhooKid doing his Thang on Shade 45 right now!! 
Not going to Lie Beyonce go hard!!! 
ChrisLamb36 I bring my babies all the time.. They make no noise.. 
Jabeydoben I might try that lol 
So no babies allowed to a 12:00 kids movie????   
Smee81 yes  
Working on this Pre TSA!! Tired of pulling my lap top out and taking my shoes off it stops today!! Lol 
AlexTallitsch Yea just a little 4.4 hopefully no one got hurt.. There's a 1700 acre fire going at the same time.. 
Good morning!! Have a great day! Can't move forward with out taking a step!  
MsMiyayo305 they moved it to Ecco I think whatever it's called 
MsMiyayo305 naw I wish 
dtapp55 How's the concert thou? 
MsMiyayo305 Is it cracking in there? 
KerryKins44 is it his eyes lol 
Sometimes you try to pull your self away from something you know is "Good" but is "Bad" at the same time.. But who defines "Bad"? 
CourtneyCummz driley06 Thanks!  
driley06: Me and my cuzzo NickBarnett  Say What I Feel !!! 
CheenaChocolate I see someone got you on that vanderpumps lol 
Lakers not looking too good right now!! 
Akeem_Ayers man toooooo ready lol 
Time to leave this cold for a lil but Viva Las Vegas!!! 
The Playoffs have been excellent this year!!  
marcelluswiley: Myth: That home teams are used to playing in the coldNo one gets used to these conditions--Correct!! 
Literally icing the kicker with it being so cold..  
GerryOliver I think if you keep your core warm you will be ok.. It's a mind thing don't change what is successful 
fredricklee08 I won't lie I still have friends who play for them I like to see all my friends and family do good! I root for all previous 
fredricklee08 Not anything at the moment.. Lol 
Only good thing that came out of that drive for the Packers is the fact it didn't take much off the clock.. Still got the rhythm ? 
This will be a huge drive either for SF's offense or Packers defense it will be a defining moment!   
One thing you don't wanna do is let the Packers offense get in rhythm.. That exactly what's happening now   
Tramon Williams looking like a mixture of Charles Woodson and Al Harris right now!   
SF defense looking like they read the playbook!!   
I didn't see nothing    
A lil grab but def a push too!! Let them play 
jmsterns thal616 I think it's cool  
Boy y'all got salty about that one huh... Don't feel bad there's only one team that doesn't have a disappointment.. Super Bowl champs 
Bye Eagles Bye  
Wow what a come back!!  
In  Eddie Murphy would do another stand up comedy show!! 
Welcome to 2014!! I been here awhile I'll meet y'all in 2015  
Wow!! Huge play 
That was a crazy play in this Packer Bears Game!! 
Wish I was out there with my boys today!!! Congrats to LFletcher59 for being a   
King55Tez Congrats Bro I just might have to make the trip out there!!!  
jjslouka Ill be out here in Virginia until my knee gets better 
jjslouka I am not sure I'll be back.. 
Merry Christmas from the Barnett's 
bgbxlv: NickBarnett The kids or Dad?---Both!! Lol 
You got spotify ? 
Wow Playstation Network is down again!! I know kids are upset on Christmas today! 
simplesally You Too!!  
Merry Christmas!! 
dub510 E40 Me too!! 
Def not happy!! But Hell I been thru worse this is nothing!!  I was already heading into the offseason with an attitude  
DFronz68 sportspickle Because they are Boy's dahhhhhh  
Pouring at Fed-Ex makes for a more epic setting to beat the CowGirls! 
DreamHouseX: Glass house gt; ---If you live in a glass house don't throw stones!! Lol 
Beavers_EQ Qui22Rodgers sj39 J_Rodgers18 JamesDockery31 I think I need a pair!! Lol 
Coach_Riley KingJames Can I get a pair please with a New Beav hoody!!! Thanks lol 
Scaring my kids for life lol  lol 
I think I might need a shave lol 
BEESCOTTMUSIC where that music?? 
We in the ATL 
gabekapler brendon310 sfujita55 FOXSportsLive  
SashaDRobinson Ps-4 
Lizzs_Lockeroom FAREAL THOU!! 
Started to become pretty good at this call of duty!!   
If you can't laugh at the trivial things in life what are you going to do when things get Real!?  
I guess it's safe to say I won't be getting franchise tagged next year lol  
Shopping for everyone else decided I needed something as well!!     
LittIV dub510 lol 
Just broke out my popular demand sweat for these  ieatpupusas 
CaptOTM: weareFoCo A few other customs including the CJSPILLER Pro Bowl and NickBarnett Bane mask! 
Playstation 4 has not impressed me yet!! Maybe it's this 2k14 this is the screen I keep getting!! Waste of money 
CheenaChocolate global warming lol 
Kruz says where is his cleats!?   
RoryCordial Might need a heavy dosage of Vitamin C.. Lol 
TLooop Thanks 
I think if I watch the Back Yardigans I will feel better! I'll try that and get back to you guys . 
AndrewLiv I think I got the shot can't remember because my head hurts lol 
paulslittle That would suck 
Having the Flu is not fun!! 
I love Christmas time!! Even when you feel down the lights and everything about it make you remember 
Happy Sunday lol   
RayNitti Fasho you too!! 
RayNitti The sweaters? Yes sir but it's in WI 
By the Way Happy Thanksgiving you Turkeys!!! 
I literally just ate one whole Sweet potato pie!!! Stuffed!! Heading over for seconds  
I thought I saw Reggie Mckenzie but it was he's bro Raleigh from Super Bowl champs xxvi 
You ever take a shower and forget some "spots" and have to start the water again? Not saying I did just asking  
Losing! Hate it!  
Grind time!!!  lol PrimeTime! 
It's PrimeTime so had to rock the Prime Times today!!! Swiflife2010 
A repost with my fam!!! driley06 YungChief at the Kanye West concert 
Made it to D.C!! Excited about this Kanye Concert! 
Just a lil video for the fans!! It's still  
Goes hard thou lol 
So on the way home my family rocks hard to This!! lol yes the dub step remix lol 
YaBoyWu: Read some liter RT PierreGarcon: NickBarnett no don't do it. Reconsider.-On the subject you sure.... 
droptopzones lol 
So Chuck just taught the kids how to Cupid shuffle then proceeded to make it rain on them with tickets... What  
Well anyways I am at Chuck E Chesse celebrating my sons B-day!! Turn up time!!! 
OBsoccer5 ha! Let's wait till the facts come up before we point fingers lol 
PierreGarcon You right it's a waste of good energy ... 
I am def in the mood to hurt some feelings!! Don't try me boy!! Lol I might just lower myself to your standards and you won't like it lol 
BLo_whadUPthO Yea ok I think you took that way out context.. But if you keep making comments to me.. I'll do the same about your work! 
This def has not been the year I expected by far.. But there are still many things to be thankful for!!  
Which night snack you think is mine and which one you think is Kerrigan's? Lol 
Big game for us this week! Time to do work! 
Sunrises or sunsets? 
REALRICHROCKA That Hang over go hard too!!! 
REALRICHROCKA That song go hard!! 
JermichaelF88 wishing you all the best bro I been keeping my ear out for you!! Your in the Barnett family prayers!! 
I got Em!! Looooooooggggaaannnnn  
Diaper time 
angelpieee34 wow Stunning!! 
bre_88 PatrickMoranBSD What is that face suppose to mean? 
"Got a problem? Say that then!!"... Problem 
PatrickMoranBSD then you wouldn't have had the grandfather of bills mafia  
MsMiyayo305: NickBarnett Im the kinda G the lil homies wanna be like On my knees in the night saying prayers in the streetlight -Yes!! 
OKC_JHAWK: NickBarnett but I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it-Yes!!! Lol 
"Even my moma thinks that my mind is gone"! Everybody knows that part!! Lol  
What does it say about your character if you know all the worlds to Gangsters paradise by Coolio?   
Never rush to judge! Can't know exactly what was going on in a circle unless you are in the circle! 
Jordan's are really art thou!!   
Which shirt? Ryan_Ly nickydiamonds   
My teammate Golston lost something can you tell me what it is???  
This is only for international players!!! You got a Passport????   Ryan_Ly 
A few dope items coming in nice boxes  Ryan_Ly nickydiamonds 
Downloading the homie REALRICHROCKA album!!! Get yours it's out today!! 
Team Effort, Tradition  
ThrowBacks!! Let's get it!!  
Checking out the Loot!!! 
We are going to try my apartment building lets see how this works out!! 
AshburnEnt: NickBarnett 5:30 - 9:30 in Loudoun County.---THANKS 
Is 5:30 to early for trick or treating? 
What time does trick or treating start? 
jasonjwilde RobDemovsky Hopefully no fights will be there lol 
RobDemovsky It's all good  
RobDemovsky Wow never thought of you as "That Guy"..  
MichelleTuckner Thanks you too!! 
jjslouka pretty good just need to get on the field more lol  
jjslouka Was trying to send you a message but it said you wasn't Following me.. Hit me up 
 I found your pops CheenaChocolate 
rock6ny56 No one ever leaves they usually fired!! Lol 
missbrookeleigh and I don't have my flip flops!! They are in my car.. 
Someone walk to my car a get something I left in there because feel way to lazy to do it myself but know I have to!! 
WTF this guy and is whistling lol wow  
Doing my Part for Breast Cancer    
When in doubt, Mumble!  
Saturday Workflow!!  
R.I.P to the Doubt in me!!!  
 Classic suit and Fake prescription glasses lol  plus Super Bowl Ring to go with Fit!   
Even thou there many things I would like to change or do different I still love who I am. I hope you 
DraytonFlorence Yes trying to stay Alive!! Lol 
Black Widow says good Morning "How you Doing" every go 100 Mph at 7:00am ? Me either  
missbrookeleigh: NickBarnett and a square! ---True 
If you don't like to laugh you are not HAPPY!  
CodyAlliecats Get a life loser 
2KSports What's the deal with these servers?? Can I get a refund?? This is ridiculous ! 
PS3 2k14 servers suck!!!! Wow 
Up late  
yellagirl02 lol 
Did I tell you guys about the  on  on the  today?? Wow hope no one was hurt 
Catfish time! 
Fried Gator at Pappadeaux!!   
Wheels up  
Akeem_Ayers Hoping I do the same!!! 
sj39: Lifting AdrianPeterson up in prayer on the passing of his precious child. Heaven's newest angel. Thinking of you and your family. 
Waiting to Draft in this 2k league where's Kibe thou!? 
Police check points at 8:43am at a stop sign outside my kids school.. Weird  
jdreier1 playing for the Redskins 
My weapons closet  
I think we should all pull out our POGs and play for shots lol  
gltorno you might have to hit google!! Lol 
djclay22 I would have took all those lol 
Metal Slammers made the best sound!!! I remember getting in trouble for playing POGs!! Really!!! 
I think might be the only person that was in to POGs!! Lol I use have the Dopest slammer!!  
Amber alert 
RampageZayaLA alexufeelmee I follow everybody on vine 
alexufeelmee pretty sure I didn't 
Like this picture if this was one of your fav movies !! 
Billy_el_flaco followed and u liked my team bjj picture. That was cool. Even a small interaction takes effort. Appreciate it man - 
I need some more Instagram followers follow your boy on Instagram :NickBarnettLB  
MichelleTuckner I would too Denver is Nice! 
MichelleTuckner What's he up too? Live in Denver? 
Authorized Minions Only  
Lizzs_Lockeroom lol 
Lizzs_Lockeroom That might be my new calling lol 
Diaper chase!! Lol 
Josh Freeman to the Bills? Wouldn't be a bad move... 
The new Minion rooms!!  
Really kinda looks like Italy  
Decided to switch hotels and move to Italy  
"Don't touch the mascot" So Kruz does sorry Goofy!! Lol 
Wow got the end of that Bills game... So many injuries it's crazy!! Browns 3-2 when the last time you seen that???? 
Now time for Fireworks!!   
Kaden chilling with his homie   
This is dope Castle Magic !!  
There's just something not right about eating a frozen banana lol 
Finding Nemo show  
MikeSilver: A source tells me Greg Schiano is in Stage One of the NFL Power Abuse program 
Aaron_Nagler Maybe someone else needs a name change..... HiT...... 
RussGoPackGo no.. 
TaddWinter: NickBarnett Except for their opponents. Distractions like this are great for the other team.--True 
The more and more stuff that comes out about this Tampa and Freeman situation, the more they both look bad!!! No one is  
jasonjwilde Maybe lol Nick BarnYard?   
jasonjwilde: Donte Hitner? Really? next Donte HitLer????  
kingkoopaaa What? 
Two Fire sticks lol talent lol 
aumavae_J I know lil something bout that!! Lol 
You can't have a luau with out a  !! 
Samoa Slap Dance 
More Polynesian dancing this one for the ladies lol  
Polynesian Dancing at the Luau  
  Before and After pics  
cabarnett13 Your welcome to :-) 
My Fav guy in Small world   
  
Ariel getting saved lol 
Goofy's barn stormer   
Game Time on Dumbo!!  
Winnie the Pooh  
Teacup time 
ajwilliams23 That's true that why I said I was just kidding lol.. I thought about it every October lol... 
ajwilliams23: Pink Mohawk pics comin soon  How far is too far you ask for October there you have it  jk I would too lol 
There's a train in the middle of my hotel!!! What  
Good morning!! Guess where am at??? 
Broken window  is this safe!? 
Do I still have to pay taxes while the government is shut down?  
Smee81 hey 
thurmanthomas: This Josh Freeman leaked information is some serious shit...---Like a doctor telling people about his patient !!! 
vaness2121 I need one of those!! Lol 
The Homies representing that   
Game day!!  
It's only right when am Cali I bang that Bay Area!!! On citas 
It's a really nice day here in the Bay! 
San Fran 
The city  
Crossing the Bridge from Oakland to SF, 
Cali bound  
Have a Good Friday!! Make sure not to make eye contact when eating a banana.   
Latly been seeing a lot of stay in the house and watch TV nights...  lol 
ShotGUNinYaBack Not how you start but how you finish!  
xHYP3R: Hi NickBarnett what's your favorite flavor of ice cream? Victory Vanilla  
The LB Brother Hood!! No matter the location Lbs set the tone!! 
B-Fast time... Get up and grind time!!! Be the hardest worker be noticed today by your actions 
These Tolls are really "Highway Robbery" get it!? Lol  
LaVarArrington I was out there today for little.. Played a couple special teams and got in on two series.. 
LaVarArrington Ok fasho shoot me a text... You still doing a show out here? (Radio) 
theyoman Care? I care about this game and my team more then you can imagine! This is my life! 
What ever happened to my signed jersey big homie!! Lol LaVarArrington 
scorindorin: Prayin for my man alex carrington--Me too  
Go Skins!!! Cutest Fan in the World!!!  
Going hard right now lol  
It's gameday!!! TurnUp!!!  
You either "got it" or trying to "get it". And if you "got it" you trying "get more"  
My new Kicks that's "Endangered species on that joint"   
I go to work when the moon is still up lol  
DG_Kennel True it's just not in Cali lol 
I would like this to be my backyard one day...  
Happy Bday homie BumpNrunGilm0re 
Custom Redskins Normatecs.. If you don't care of your self who will!??  
karleebecker :-) 
b_ansems: NickBarnett can my boy RealMarr and myself get a shout out by our favorite LB?--What up 
The moon is full in my hood how bout yours ? Lol 
CheenaChocolate Focus on you!! Then someone else will  
sooto_vic KitchenWizNoVa Bizerker21 I knew you were going to jump in there!! Lol BYU pride lol 
BittnerJohn Thanks  
The Redskins Flag is at half mast today... Some much going on in the world today 
Looking more into the story Officer also received paid leave... A lot different then a helmet to helmet fine. 
And this is going on in our country!? Wow 
I guess you have to hate your job in order for it to be a "Real" job...  StevieJohnson13 
william_zunner huh? What's not real about my job? 
Not bad Beer ha!! 
catachanninja I def do  
tshoot4u2 And athletes do all the above? Not all but a lot 
jkilpela1  
RyanGrant25 lol Crazy 
It's go time homie!!! Mr Monday Night time!!! King55Tez 
IEatPupusas Going at them today huh lol 
IEatPupusas Fareal thou!! Lol 
Don't be tweeting me deep tweets when your avatar is your Butt!!! What!!??  
NickUDurhamite So your saying that no athletes are Brave? 
Football safety is very important! We need to protect each other by protecting ourselves.. Rip Damon Janes 
Ok well that was fun guys have a good night and GOD bless!! Remember it's just football Smile!!!  
tjiacono: NickBarnett you're kidding right? Its football.--That's what I been trying to say all day! 
Why is NFL special?? Not everyone can do it! It's a "Dangerous Sport Played By Dangerous or Brave Individuals With extraordinary Talent!" 
We still allow stiff arms to the face. In my opinion that's dangerous to both head and Neck. 
Berzirk: NickBarnett The stiff-arm to the head needs to be eliminated. Unfair, one-sided, amp; dangerous. It's a penalty if defense does it 
My point of bringing all this up was for you to put your self in these players shoes... 
I have had both before I can tell you that both equally are not fun!!! ACL- Concussion... With everything great there are risk! 
I wish I had solution. I don't. I do think nflcommish is doing a good job trying to protect both the game and players.. Much to be done 
Shakehitch only if we could make it for 30 years 
powerbombme: NickBarnett two wrongs don't make a right-- Well said!! 
KevinTreichel: NickBarnett brains gt; legs--- it seems logical but ask players they rather have a concussion then ACL  
JJ_Levesque Not every player makes millions! The majority don't 
tonymission Maybe not now but down the line that money prob could have helped my kids, mother, brother or someone in need 
So many issues with player safety! Don't hit up high. But yet you let 310 plus lineman dive at my legs while my focus is on ball?  
The money you make is suppose to carry you thru the rest of your life.. So actually one week could actually mean 15 years!!!  
I understand rules are rules and players safety comes first.. A NFL career averages 3 years... 
How would you feel if you lost a weeks pay for trying to do your job to the best of your ability? 
People are so gun Ho about having someone lose there week of pay really!!?? Would you like to lose yours!!!???  
thecooleyzone Gross!!!! Taco johns yuk lol 
Also Thanks to all the packer fans who showed me mad love.. That was awesome... Till next time!! 
Not the ending I wanted... But we will grow from this and become a better stronger team.. 
KyleLaMarche No I didn't mind thanks for the love.. 
GoodMorning it's game day!! A lil rain never hurt nobody!!! Lets get it!!  
I think I need these!!!   
Weird  
Just landed in Appleton, Wisconsin.. 
Alert alert alert Parent Trap!!! Lol 
Things aren't always the exact way you want them to be.. But if you keep faith and stay on track great things will happen!!!  
This sucks when this happens!!!  
jholmes71 pretty sure lol 
Big play by Cushing!! 
Almost there   
Y'all talking about me???   
The cutest Fan I have ever seen !!!  :-)  
AlexTallitsch naw :-( my kids takeover my gaming system lol 
Is it Monday yet??? Oh yea it is  
jeffblumb Lol 
MufasasHair That's pretty sweet!! 
MufasasHair: Who's watching college football today ?? Who's your team ?--I know your not your under my helmet!! Lol 
Ooooo Kill Em   
Yea that's Custom   
RyanGrant25 Kim and Ray J movie lol 
Someone's hand is going to be sore!!! 
JamesDockery31 Eagles Monday Night Football 
rak98 what's up we starting that 2k or what????? 
JamesDockery31 True 
JamesDockery31:  what she said. Oooooooo  
She is so sexy super thick too!!!  
Lil bit of black widow Good morning  
Monday Night coming soon excited are you??? 
Close up on the    distinctimagerycustoms 
My  is on the way to Minne to bring my boy his    distinctimagerycustoms 
sooto_vic Def!!! No mo 9-0 lol 
That  is looking pretty good it has me super pumped!!!  
Disney cruise Daddy Love 
alonzohighsmith GeorgeKoonceJr Say hello to the Bad Guys lol 
GeorgeKoonceJr Def, I am always here if you need me sir! 
Although you have made it to the 53 as of right now you can still be sent home!!!   
 My lil surfer!! Lol Kruz 
Y'all remember this ? kelvinsheppard akeem_ayers  
EuhusBeaver greynales JamesDockery31 DAnderson314 Congrats fellas!! 
NickBarnett: Now repping that 55 like my lil Bros Desbishop55 and King55Tez and KelvinSheppard use to rock 
itscryspybetch: NickBarnett is that your new number? 55 
55 is a powerful number as the energies and attributes of number 5 are doubled, amplified and reinforced!! Go 55!!!  
11 years!!   More then a Dream come true.. 
cthagod Tell them you got it next time... "I didn't transfer my funds over" lol 
vaness2121 hmph  
Model types !! Good genes  
Kaden on his cowboy trip!! Outlaws homie!!! 
You telling me this kid is not Handsome!!! He look like his moma thou  
Kruz gives a thumbs up in the Black Widow!!  
Cut dog 
   distinctimagerycustoms 
Can you guess what movie they are seeing??? Lol one direction huh 
CMSPIRATE: NickBarnett Detroit shoulda been the album--Def!! 
JBirdLP25: NickBarnett so was your football career.---11 years? Lol 
Not gonna lie Big Sean album was a let down!!! 
NickBarnett: Tweet me your Redskins Tailgating pics I will retweet the good ones...   
tapesidebevans: NickBarnett from last year's playoff game. Check the guy top left.   
just watched highlights my boy JohnIsner looking like he should  
Tweet me your Redskins Tailgating pics I will retweet the good ones...   
That was a fun Preseason now it's time for the real stuff!! Are you ready for some football!!     
ewang77 lol 
  lol 
teee_roy No but got some Bread!!! Get yours up  
 Mikey Rats Buffalo E.wood D. Batten 
 East West Shrine game ...  
 Linebackula!!   lol 
 signing day   
 Snow games  
 me and Kruz doing some offseason training  
Get you some of this!! Make your day feel better! 
LittIV dub510 WBAY I haven't seen the link? 
LCMayhew My game is Thursday and we leave the same day. 
flyonthewall9 Have those 
Headed to Tampa.. Last preseason game 
Wake up to a lil Etta James!! I'd Rather Go Blind !!   
Lil gems you see around the building  
BittnerJohn 2 lol 
Now it's Normatec time!!! The life of a NFL player... Treatment round the clock!!!  
My quads get huge on this KneeHab do you guys make one for my Biceps!! Lol NeurotechNA 
Getting my KneeHab on!! NeurotechNA 
These tolls in Ashburn suck!! 4.10$ really !!?? That's a gallon of gas!!! 
These Doritos are the  
sooto_vic: NickBarnett Big 9-0!!!--- ha ha 
Smee81 TheHarpBoston nice!! 
It was good seeing my x teammates, and finally getting a chance to play with my new ones!!!  
HTTR!!!  
Game day!! 
That was the worst decision I have ever seen in boxing  
TorellTroup lol 
My new   
MCAUSSIN80 where you going to be at? 
MCAUSSIN80 Leesburg 
No one ever said "Moving Is fun" lol (talking about the actually workload of it) 
Lombardi trophies!!! Need another one!!  
LydiaDominick: NickBarnett I'm living with nodes.--- I made the courageous decision to have them removed lol 
  Brillz amp; etc!etc! 
It must be chick flick night lol ok going to bed now!!! Lol 
"I set fires to feel joy" --Pitch perfect lol 
Watching Perks of being a wallflower  
_Jaimito Pappi_Lace "I will not lose" 
Starting day off right with a lil Kirk Franklin Brighter day 
lifewithmikey52 no what's that ? 
Ok time for PF changs!! 
LydiaDominick: NickBarnett is bored, butt meanwhile at Walmart... -that's Donk!!!! Lol 
BryantMckinnie Oh yea I forgot y'all right around the corner!!! 
TheTLaz: NickBarnett study the fight song? Lol-- I got a good lesson on it yesterday!!  
thegamechoseme_: NickBarnett go to bed lol---To early but that's what my moms use to tell me lol 
ronald_tony: NickBarnett how can you be bored with all those millions. Go to Vegas and hang with TW lol--In season lol 
Bills_Mafia: NickBarnett where abouts in VA are you staying?---Ashburn 
DanielKuperman1: NickBarnett Study the playbook.--Done 
Bored!! 
This is one of my teammates Cars I will not name names but it def is time for a tire change   
Under water treadmill work day 
Monday Night Football!!!    
Since I been here in DC I feel like everyone I see in a suit is a Senator lol 
TBNSully: Bills release rian Lindell, who had been their longest-tenured player.---Whoa 
skinz4life1975 No 
Pretty sweet hotel  name kinda weird thou 
Don't ever answer someone you think is talking to you with head phones on!! They are not talking to you ! Lol  
Tough lost for JohnIsner Great match now thats the tennis I like to watch!!! RoryCordial 
Just getting my Sunday lift in lol I don't usually do selfies but was feeling myself lol 
Longevity is wealth!! 
Longevity is how you acquire real wealth!  sometimes I impress myself with these quotes lol 
First time in Redskins Park!  
This how you start parking after receiving your first door ding!!!   
MonTay_Jr They be on everyone lol 
Just remember to keep the Main thing the Main Thing!!!   
This is what's going on baby!!! Friday night party with my Kneehab 
JohnIsner RoryCordial Thanks Bro ill be watching you Tom!! 
I am sorry but there is noway they should be showing Tennis on the big screen instead of football!!! Sorry RoryCordial JohnIsner lol 
I saw my boy marcelldareus with a sack!! Lets get it!! 
I thought Buffalo Wild Wings is suppose to have all games!!! 
Wanted to catch my boys game but they only show it locally I guess!! Damn 
Here's a sneak peak at my 70 challenger!!!    
ewang77 Wheres a good fun place to watch games? 
Made to AshBurn that was a hike!!! 
Last night in Richmond before my first day in Ashburn..  
Just chilling in my hotel room catching up on Copper season 2 lol Richmond joy lol 
I never seen so many people put out a response song to verse like this... That's I accomplishment in its self... 
brendon310: I always text LOL but I never REALLY lol. Does any one?-lol but not laughing lol and again now I really am lol 
Desbishop55 do what we do!! It's nothing to a BOSS!!! 
NeurotechNA I need to try one of those great looking machines!!  
Getting a lil work today... Excited to finally get out there with the guys.. Knock some of the rust off...  
A little table discipline with the kids lol never have to use it but it works lol 
It's like leaving a special  for someone!!! Just call me  the elevator is my and under it you get  Happy Smelling!! 
I get a sense of satisfaction from farting in a empty elevator! Lol  
scorindorin I seen you homie!! 
Richmond  
Excited to see my boy KelvinSheppard and all my former  family go to work today... 
Sorry but twerking videos NEVER get old!! Lol 
PackFan_1995 AaronCurry51 I figured didn't know if there was a special machine lol 
AaronCurry51 what's kneeHab? 
Correction Root lol 
Facebook the route of all evil  lol 
People watching what is going on here??? 
Dead  lol 
scorindorin Gross!!!!!!! 
Stay Grounded  but also Stay Fly  
How's TO RoryCordial you should link up with ashley_howard she the know it all in the area.. 
ImJustAsh_ lol 
ImJustAsh_ you love my Randomness lol 
Is there any good Mexican restaurants in Richmond? 
Just watched  !!! Great acting Great Directing and Great story.. All around Great movie... 
Team Movie Night !!! Yes!! Lol 
L3Xii_716 that's gross 
KerryKins44 lol 
New chapter ! Same love and passion...   
Preseason starts today for the Mighty Redskins  Live it  
NotoriousWhips that's dope!! 
  getting some air... distinctimagerycustoms 
Coming soon custom Redskins Mouth piece!    
Instagram: NickbarnettLB 
Get your hump on!!! It's  
MAnderson_95 Man that show go hard!! 
Fried oysters pretty good!!! 
Time to bring  Tuesday is no  lol  
Rise and Grind! 
Strawberry anyone?   
Wait does Kyle Orton got highlights in his hair? Hmmmm 
My first preseason game was a Hall of Fame game.. Against the Chiefs lol I was so Nervous lol 
You know you getting old when you played against Hall of Fame players... Lol   lol 
jb_nagi yes 
Blue eye baby girl !!  
Spencejohnson91 Thanks bro 
scorindorin: NickBarnett number 90 tho?!--That will be getting changed hopefully lol 
Looks like we were having a real conversation but I was actually telling him what detergent I use lol 
TorellTroup whoa!! That's going to be sticky!!! 
I think I have to bring the   to D.C it's real presidential lol 
Zoom!  900 horses 
Throw Back Pic!!  lol 
They got ya boy going hard out here! Lol   
Watching the movie Purge... I know I shouldn't be but I am so mad at their son right now! Lol 
xO__sN no problem :-) 
A night off... What is there to do in Richmond? 
tstroik12 D1GreenBay Thanks 
JoelOsteen: Today, take the limits off of yourself. You will never rise higher than your thinking. Get a bigger vision for your life. 
D0Y0Ulive All calves !! Lol 
abbeymiller13: NickBarnett where are you playing this year?! - In the nations capital call me Nick Ba-rock Yo Head Barnett  lol 
IEatPupusas Rich_Crawford6 Got Em! 
Well today was long and I am not feeling creative enough lol... Time for ICE and SLEEP!!!  
mrdeadlier MufasasHair Anytime you guys need a new idea to run with just shoot me a text  
716SportsTalk: I don't think that's the finalized name yet lol kinda sounds like a streaking club  
BEESCOTTMUSIC: Congrats to homie NickBarnett for singing with the   or signing? Lol Thanks thou  
716SportsTalk  will always be my family buddy... But I have a new extended family.. Watch your mouth 
JKings65 kinda sounds like a streaking club huh??? Lol 
Ok I think I got almost everyone!!! HTTR 
Spencerszy RGIII Following that guy but can't get a follow back! Lol  
DaveEvansJr Ls2 
That power plant coming along pretty nice in that   
ImJustAsh_ Jk  
ImJustAsh_ wait you work? 
nyce18 better get on that YBTHEROCKSTAR 
Starting to get to know the guys I this locker room. I like the chemistry this team has! 
Smee81 it was not it will be changed first chance I can get :-) 
MooseDiesel81 yes sir :-) lol 
JohnKryk wasn't meant in that way.. No one wants to be 6-10 period.. 
ImJustAsh_ Thanks :-) 
LarryFitzgerald Thanks  
Akbar_Gbaja Redskins Thanks 
LydiaDominick: NickBarnett! Officially signed with the Redskins! CONGRATS BUDDY!--Thanks :-) 
HTTR 
ESPNNFL: PRO BOWL CHANGES: Players will be chosen by captains and kickoffs will be eliminated.--Pretty Interesting 
shawnemerriman nfl That right there is some funny ish!!! Lol 
Skip and Stephen A Smith dropping real knowledge right now on Manziel I hope he is listening ESPN_FirstTake 
No matter what happens GOD has a plan for you! It's on you to trust in that plan!   lol 
BeatBoxerz iamKingLos I been trying to link y'all two up for years!!! I hope y'all get in contact..  
Your_Grammar Thanks for correction! 
Every time I walk down this tunnel I feel like I am in Japan or something! Lol 
Beautiful things on the horizon! 
Early flight Tom. Should be a interesting day!  
Is that your song on that Klondike commercial LCMayhew ? 
heyjimmycoady MFreddy7 It was personal it just caught me off guard.. All love thou lol 
Storch28 Thanks 
JJolly97 Fasho.. Am out here if you need anything just hit me 
JJolly97 How's it going out there? 
A lil Hawaiian BBq!!   
Neighbors across the river playing Tennis all night that's pretty awesome  
We someone gives you something they found of yours, you realize there are still decent human beings alive  
She so sexy when she wet!!  
Looks like a storm is coming... Tornado???  
LarryFitzgerald: So excited to be going into the office today!!  them am ready for my interview lol 
IxisNaugus it's coming soon  
If everything else fails just remember "Bands will make her Dance!" Lol 
No matter what's going on just make sure you "Don't drop that thun thun thun!!!" And everything will be ok lol  lol 
I think today's cardio will include learning the dance to "Don't drop that thun thun" lol 
Nothing wrong with a lil country in the morning 
jlgrunewald: NickBarnett why would you follow Amanda Bynes?--Why not am sure she learning some interesting stuff going thru what she is. 
So called "Ride or Die" friends want the benefit of being a ROD but as soon as things get tough they bounce.. That's not what ROD means 
kc_barnett You got it lol 
Immature people are the first ones to call someone else immature lol   
KerryKins44 Amandalatona Looks like there needs to be a old fashion Booty off!! Lol 
JosieWebster11 Tonight I guess at riverside ballroom 
johnpearsontv yea!! Of course that wouldn't be a good look lol 
Does anybody wanna start training for a full marathon on a Row machine with me?  
LydiaDominick  
LydiaDominick: NickBarnett you retweet rad things.-Thanks, I try to be like you  
cthagod: Leave that "Street S$$t" to the "Street Niamp;amp;as" unless you trying to be in jail or dead with them.....---Right!!?? 
Nappy Roots in Greenbay Wi... Aww Naw HELL Naw lol Nice 
Photo day lol 
So weird not being at camp feels like my rookie year when I was watching camp in my car across the street at a Gas station.. Lol 
MissErika which I am not.. I don't swing either way on the subject just a thought.. I just thought it was interesting.. 
I am not saying he is innocent or guilty... I don't know I don't know all the evidence I am not the jury just a spectator.. Just a thought 
I understand this whole Hernandez thing but why are they taking his bricks down and stuff? Isn't it innocent until proven ? 
Look what I found in the mail!!! Retro 4! Thanks to driley06  
shawnemerriman I was surprised you made across that platform.. Lol I figured we would be too heavy for that lol 
I know for a fact the same thing would probably have happened to me!! shawnemerriman 
Just watched my boy shawnemerriman on American Ninja.. Did pretty good except on that cargo net almost drowned lol LightsOutBrand 
I am so tired of people posing in pictures with 5 different people calling them their Best Friend!!  lol 
Klitty_Kat: Ignore the sloth. --when your funny I follow lol 
_HATERNATION: NickBarnett what would constitute a black emoji? Emojis are raceless, kinda the point lol is this race less ? Lol 
Has anyone every wondered why there is no African American Emoji's...   
JJolly97 Fasho when you have to report? 
JJolly97 not much just out grinding till the finding 
That's a lot of Butt on that Black chick lol 
"Trying to carry the weight of the world but I only got two hands!!"---Wake me Up 
vaness2121 oh snap!!! Want me send you The night time AB workout?? 
This my new joint right now Wake Me Up!! 
This is the most beautiful person I have ever met :-)  
This is not a good look!!! Damn tires 
jb_nagi: NickBarnett how bout if she at the gym?---Well she anit working hard enough lol 
LydiaDominick I haven't got there yet lol 
If a girl post a sexy pic with a locker in the background she is either A: Striper or B: Too young to be sending those kind of pics. Lol 
LydiaDominick yes!!! Welcome Back!! 
Berzirk sweet 
Me and my homie Knixon just chilling on this super hot day!! 
cp382 brettjamess You think so?? Lol I dont 
MattLeinartQB: NickBarnett didn't know you were such a philosopher-- Hey man I went to Oregon state lol 
People always say "it's what's in the inside that counts" but would you eat a apple that looks rotten on the outside but good inside? 
fishofalcatraz me too  
brettjamess no 
50 Days till the season that's a pretty good number as well    
Banging that YBTHEROCKSTAR on the way to my workout got me Turnt up!! 
It's 85 already kinda exciting lol 
CSoto34 I like that show too!! 
alimuchic I watch all those!!! My new show is Ray Donavon 
Akbar_Gbaja everything good just on that grind trying get right! 
Akbar_Gbaja Seen you on American Ninja you did a great job bro!! 
jairusbyrd you too bro when you coming out out here to put some work in! 
Suppose to be 93 degrees in the bay Tom!! Might have to get the boat on the water!! 
Super excited Boardwalk Empire is coming back!! 
AdjV909 all day!! 
I don't think My guy jairusbyrd has problem showing his worth on the field that's one thing I know!!  
KerryKins44: So much to do after work! I just wanna get in that sunshine tho! ---Preach!! 
BumpNrunGilm0re oh snap ish just got real!! Lol 
HouseofspeedGB next y'all do yoga shoot me a invite !! :-) 
If you believe you are that!! Lol  
I only welcome competition from the best!!  
56 days till season starts suck a great number huh!! 
No words!!! 
If you go to the club mores times then you hit the gym something is wrong!!!  lol 
You know I got it!!! My song for my future employers lol  
63GBPackerfan Thanks! 
I really work when I say I work!!! I really do this man!! Lol 
I_AM_Worthy99 FollowTheLita Challenge!!!!!! 
TorellTroup out here in GB.. I wish I could bring it out there!! You and Fred should line up lol 
TorellTroup That's what's up excited to see you out there doing ya thing! 
TorellTroup How you feeling? Ready? 
Did I ever tell you guys how much I like NY  
And the Sunday work out starts good looking on the workout d1dan1 
The set up before the firework show on the dock!! July 4-5th celebrations 
A coward dies a thousand times before his death, but the valiant taste of death but once.  
What you know about some BBq fried chicken lol wow 
murphylee y'all in the Mill tonight? Man wish I known I would came down.. 
There is a chipmunk trapped in my house WTH!! 
LaVarArrington Where's my XP gear lol 
A little holiday edition to my boat !!! Light it up light it up lol 
Chillin waiting on the downtown firework show!! 
Houie04ae yes sir 
It's going down !! Bang bang!! Doing my show on the 5th just incase you were wondering lol 
d1dan1 That was pretty decent circuit added slide board at the end!! Lol 
d1dan1 a lil circuit Wall Balls, Box jumps, High Pulls, Row, 30 grade walk on incline trainer, Front Side Planks. 40 secs on 25 rest 5sets 
Bout to get this Fourth of July cardio in!! Then  
Road2Rocka Tom!! I got sneak preview killing ish!!! YBTHEROCKSTAR 
KelseyLVosters yes 
Getting better everyday!! Even the mistakes I make! Make me better! Lesson come from all angles. 
SUBill34: NickBarnett: One good girl is worth 1000 B Kanye West" and yet he's with Kim...---ha!! Lol 
One good girl is worth 1000 B Kanye West 
Packer Throwback pic!! Snow games awesome 
The Finley's and Barnett's just hanging on the fox!! 
With no team right now who thinks I still get 100 tackles this year? Me lol 
Ya boy on the BBQ!! 
Does this make you wanna cry? Cause it def had me sad this morning :-( 
LiveStrongCat7 GravitySuit send me one  
JJolly97 come get some work in with ya boy!! I go twice a day!!! 
JJolly97 you in GB??? 
My new fun toys!!!   lets get it lol 
Berzirk: NickBarnett I dunno, Ryan Fitzpatrick looks like he'd been down with a few gangs.--Havard Crips!!!  
AlexTallitsch: nickbarnett Do the Bills Mafia count?--True!  
Just in case you were wondering I don't know any gang members who are members of the NFL.. I only been playing 10 years  
Old school whips boardway GB 
Made it back to Instagram: NickbarnettLB 
He's back lol 
RoryCordial what up 
dabody52 lewisjones103 just kidding!! That wouldn't make me down to earth if I said I was right?? Lol 
RT lewisjones103: dabody52 man Arthur most seems like the most down to earth player ever   me  
Bang Bang Bang Bang     
hughes418: NickBarnett the only thing that sucked was it cost 9 or 10$ a night to rent a movie lol---true!! Lol 
I miss the days of going to a Video rental store and renting movies! 
Wow... This whole situation is very unfortunate for all party's involved but none more then the young man who lost his life.  
I have solution to seat cushion ban !! How bout allowing see thru blow up cushions???   If you agree Retweet  
KerryKins44 When you competing? 
librarian262 it is kinda dirty lol 
do it right! How much stuff can I stuff in my stuffy til my stuffys stuffed enough stuff. Lol 
How much stuff can you stuff in a stuffy till you stuff enough stuff!! Wow!! Say that 3 times lol 
AlexTallitsch: That was an epic twitter link fail. Here are NickBarnett's 2009 Fourth of July highlights. haha!! 
2nd workout done!! Great day of work.. Thanks for all the support text!! A couple of them help me get thru this day!! 
NigelBradham_13 what's good homie!! 
KelvinSheppard you need to download that Problem mix tape!! The separation!! 
1st work done!! Next!!!! 
Starting this work out right!!   
63GBPackerfan sweet 
Desbishop55 Congrats homie!! Do work!! 
Harder you go the easier it gets!!!  
kassimosgood81 no where yet!! Lol waiting on things look right... 
tchoice23 Damn I been playing too much lol.. Am on 91 lol 
tchoice23 what level you on? 
Brandn_OnDemand IEatPupusas damn I am always a day late and a dollar short!! Lol 
Brandn_OnDemand IEatPupusas I out here in SD tonight bro!! 
The feeling you get when you almost miss connection but make it at the last second!!  here I come!! RyanPickett79 
Congrats Heat but Laaaaaaakkkkkkkkeeeerrrrssssss!!! Lol 
This game 7 I must admit is very entertaining !! 
nfl packers Article is incorrect I have had 100 tackles in every season I have played full year.. Which would be 8  
Broooooooo why you sleeping!!! It greatness out ready to be had!!! Get you some!! 
See there's leaders and followers and I rather be a D.... Then a swallower Kanye West 
Winners don't wait for chances, they take them. -Unknown 
Grinding grinding !! Groundhog Day 
GOOD MORNING HAVE A GREAT ONE 
FOCUS TIME!! DEUCES 
Pool time!!     
DrCamColvin: Common sense is not so common these days..---Preach 
Rock The Bureau!! The streets are talking!!! 
Airport slots.... Do you think anybody ever wins??? 
Headed to the Airport!! Las Vegas here I come!! Golfing in the Heat!! 
Sorry but you can't have Shaq and Barkley on the same panel!!! I can feel the Awkwardness 
Go hard Thursday!! Push push push it real good!!! Lol 
AhmanGreen30: REST DAY 3...2..1. GO!!!!---No Rest for Wicked!! Grind-time 1....2....3..., Go!!! 
This going so hard right Now "Like Whaaaaat"  
It's not all about me!! 
This what am on this morning!!  lol 
Bang bang!! Time to get this baby in the water!! 
RayNitti yes 
Catching up on my  this last episode is crazy!!! Lol 
But then again I am starting to see a lot of injurys from OTAs  
JJolly97: NickBarnett hope we bring u back homie.  be sick!! 
I get so Jealous hearing about people's OTAs... But Soon enough soon enough.. Good things come to those who wait 
Ok positive tuesday 
Love me or Hate me... Only GOD can JUDGE me!! Better believe that!! 
LynZScott: NickBarnett a donkey. For sure---Sounds about right :-) 
It's grind time today!!! It's going down like a ___ on Skates!!??  
Keyboard Warriors!!! Get a life!!! Holla at me when see me in person!! I am not hard to find!! 
BEESCOTTMUSIC Happy Bday homie!!! 
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder! Have a blessed day! 
CongregationWI: jjolly97 There is a lot people up here in Wisconsin who are rooting for you,make it happen Johnny!!--I am one !! 
Home Made ChesseCake on Hermes serving plates! No a Bad Born Day!  
dub510 Thanks homie!! 
KreamCityKellz Thanks 
Packerpedia: It is also the birthday of the second-leading tackler in  history since the stat has been officially recorded- thanks 
We popping bottles ha!!  not Vegas but still got sparklers 
ewang77: NickBarnett also depends if the parents are ugly ... From my wife-That sounds True I guess Beauty is in the eye of the beholder 
Packman1265: NickBarnett I don't know...why don't we ask your parents?--Maybe we should ha 
Do parents of ugly kids think their kids are cute or do they know deep down they ugly??  lol 
It's going down at Popeyes it's a lol different then the Popeyes am use too.. Lol 
Happy B-day to fellow Gemini and Team Light Skin member shawnemerriman  
The moon is up here in Lake Geneva !! Werewolves lol 
Good Friday work!! Now family time for the weekend :-) 
Check my boy out!! ] "Lights Down Low" - RayNitti [produced by Bizness_Boi amp; Maestro ] 
This is the roof of this restaurant .. Bleu cool? I think so 
I couldn't imagine losing my kids in a tornado!   
Lets get it!!  
Really in the mood for a good cruise !! Lol 
Is there any car hang outs in Greenbay on Sunday? 
Wow Indy vs heat ....  playoffs with all these injuries is just not the same!! 
Oh yea by the way " I like turtles!!" Lol 
CheenaChocolate shoot I am exhausted 
Ol_sLy_Foxx naw I got a wedding but ill be down there sunday 
Ol_sLy_Foxx you headed out there?? Oh snap lol 
"Nick what you been up to"? Me:  
King55Tez: MDW in Vegas bout to b stupid---And expensive lol 
You try to go out your way to be nice and people take it the wrong way! That's why I rather come off as a A.....Hole lol no mistaken there 
Congrats to Doug Whaley for getting hired as new GM for Bills.. Really great guy !! 
Gooood morning!  for another day . 
My son is ready for  football are you? 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful and not so beautiful mothers out there!!  
I have seen it all!! They got Barney rapping now! Yes the Purple Dino!! Insane! 
He said "Bro I eat ribs with him!!" Lol 
EuhusBeaver beaverathletics That list leaves a lot of top Beavers off! Lol 
That Charles Ramsey interview had me laughing for at least an hour!!! Lol 
cjwilson95 out here in GB just grinding 
cjwilson95 what's up homie!! 
CheenaChocolate nice 
CharliePeprah lol 
Hatfield's or Mccoy's ? 
This is going down right now!!   
Tell me that that  is mine lol ---Migel 
Indy just got one hell of a deal!!! 
I love it when she gets wet 
KerryKins44 whitneyjake But you need to clean that room  
KerryKins44 whitneyjake Bad! 
Big time 4 wheeling!! Lol 
Sunday Funday for me is achieved in the gym!! Go in or get out out the way!!  
mneal96 jjolly97 I just took off 
Mufasa is coming back to the jungle !!! Lol damn this thing is hot lol 
NHammertime: NickBarnett you should stop by our house on the east side and sign this! my head big!! Lol 
Peepsalici0us: NickBarnett will you be busting out the samurai sword at the game tonight?--No saving it up lol 
DrewLCB carrington_13 really? Lol Grow up kid 
What you on tonight raynitti ? Headed to the Mill homie 
Headed to the Bucks game tonight! Lets go Bucks!! 
simplesally lol 
ImJustAsh_ did I get you ?  
Just wait till you see this!!! Super Dope  
Fear is the enemy of Will !! 
Healthy snack tip! Use bell pepper as your bread.. Lil avocado salt and pepper boom!  
HairHatGuy: NickBarnett also unethical to make eye contact while eating a banana.--Very unless your a hot Girl in a Bikini.. 
Did you know it's easier to open a Banana from the bottom?  lol 
Ol_sLy_Foxx out here too!! We haven't even got spring yet!! Lol 
Who else is ready for the summer to start!? 
KKyleMMathieu: NickBarnett I COULDN'T FIND YOU ON TWITTER AND NOW I FINNALY DID AND MY LIFE IS LIKE 50 BETTER.---Thanks :-) 
DarrylTalley yea fareal lol 
Kruz decided to bring a snack to his brothers recital !!   
pthomas3434 oh lol.. Lol 
pthomas3434 someone's ability is based on their sexuality? 
Too much talk about someone's sexuality and not enough about their ability! 
Sometimes you have to bite your tongue even when it's a extra extra funny joke.. But won't stop me from laughing randomly thru the day lol 
razor1919: NickBarnett 8th place. Awesome!-- all that matters in what happens at the end!! 
Lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't hate !!!!! Haters 
JJolly97 what's good bro!! You out here in GB? 
 No talk!! All work 
 
Senseless act of hideous violence!!! There is no reason for it!! My prayers go out to everyone affected.   
JMIL777 what kind of car is that? 
aumavae_J all love bro ball out!! 
Lakers still going to playoff!! A star will be born!! 
Damn not Kobe!!! 
Stuck on plane feeling real  and  
So decided to go head to Cleveland to stay the night and fly to buffalo in the morning!! What's there to do in Cleveland lol 
Just had two flights canceled at CHI airport both due to mechanical problems!!! Really!!?? Wow 
Just watched Niel Pearts drum solo pretty sick stuff (Rush) 
Only in the GreenBay airport would you see this!!  
PatrickMoranBSD lol lol 
PatrickMoranBSD a lot of hairspray lol 
Team__Me: NickBarnett I got some new stuff let me know if you want any of them.! all that lol!! 
Team__Me fasho 
New toy    
tblanch258 yes Distinct Imagery 
Audi    and  
I understand it may be unsafe.. But lets find some drug dealers rapist etc to spend my tax dollars on  
It's insane that you can get ticket for having snow on your hood!! Really???? 
Going hard this morning   
lecrae hey bro what you think about that show? (Bible) 
Just grinding no need for  either step or get put  let's get it  
............................Then she basic !!! "2 chains" Lol 
This is not not how you suppose to do your baby shower!!! Lol  
Lakers!!! 
You work for who?? Lol lol 
Mickey sorry bad spelling 
Mikey love!!  
shawnemerriman: A lot of fake out here now days--  
Why they so serious!! Lol StevieJohnson13 
LarryFitzgerald: Did you work harder today than the person behind you?  in front??? 
driley06 not much what's popping.. 
jsu77g: NickBarnett you never had a coach grab you by the shoulder pads and put you in the right place?-yes but no ball to the head 
PatrickMoranBSD sign me!! Ill help  
JustinHensley24 you better be pool ready when I get out there homie!! 
But be prepared for me to demonstrate back lol 
Sorry but do not put your hands on me coach!! You can yell and etc but do not put your hands on me unless you are demonstrating! 
Just grinding!! 
Hope everyone is having a blessed and wonderful day!! Godbless 
Man I need a couple of those sweaters homie!! shawnemerriman  
Man I be busting heads with the Buck in NBA2K!!! Lol 
willblackmon: NickBarnett that's a horrible joke nick!-- Damn you too lol 
PatrickMoranBSD would def be Nice!! All I can do is pray and go hard!! Which I will be doing!!! Both! 
PatrickMoranBSD: Something tells me Nick Barnett is about to receive a series of negative tweets--- well I hope not :-)  
ShapeYourSoul: NickBarnett maybe buddy nix is confused now and thinks he signed u, show up and act like u work at 1Billsdrive--Lol 
Fred22Jackson: NickBarnett Welcome Back to Buffalo Big Homie!!!--April fools!! Call buddy to him to make it true lol 
Even thou I would love to be apart of the Bills organization this has been a April fools joke! Thanks for being good sports  
Great morning!! Great to be a Buffalo Bill again wanna thank all those who never lost faith in me!! Thanks Buddy Nix  
DrCamColvin: NickBarnett Hope you you having a good Easter Big bro...  Go Beavs!! You too lol 
Now time to flip to Game of thornes!! Yes!!! Great Easter Sunday lots of gore lol 
Sorry if you didn't watch it I wasn't even thinking about spoiling it for others!!!  
Goodbye Andrea !! Dang! 
Ricks son is starting to make me angry as well !!  
Wow I hate the governor !!!  
Ish just got real!!! Lets go Andrea!! 
Who else is super excited about the walking dead finale!!! 
adaptedtheory: NickBarnett maaaan u need some hip hop in ur life then-- I was born to hiphop music!! Lol -- 
Listening to house gives me a good feeling!!! 
Elvis concert Tomorrow in Buffalo at Memorial auditorium!! See you there 
Thoughts on New QB in Buffalo: Won't know till we know!! Lol 
Happy Easter!!  
My Easter Kicks!!!  
Ok parents stop doing your kids egg hunting for them!!! Let them get their own candy !!! Lol 
Looks like that story may be over! Fairy God mother is over FGCU 
FGCU looking like their seed right now!! 
rkrager what's popping!!! 
In the bed early getting ready for a eventful egg hunt Tom!!  
The sun is out so our the ol skools     
tchoice23 where you at? 
Pull up in the   looking like the   
Bands ah make her dance !!! Lol  
jb_nagi Grinding 
The chip on my shoulder is growing bigger and bigger which each day that goes by!!!  
JustinHensley24 been killing it!! Almost in Vegas pool shape!! Lol 
Upper body and core today! 
JJolly97 not much bro out here grinding putting in work looking for my next team! Lol 
JJolly97 been going hard?? 
My new toy love   !!  
 time to watch the James Blake show let's go USA!! rorycordial esnides 
63GBPackerfan nice!! 
 616 Hp twin turbo 
  zoom zoom 
  2014 
Food and wine event!!  I stuffed myself today!!  !' 
What's up 1SICKLEX your car has been here for days let me use it tonight!! 
   
This is why they here! They turned my quiet lunch into rave 
My best friend today!!!!!  The thirst is real out here!!! Lol 
I need one of these   
Dnowak7092 ha!! Lol 
Miami has some nice looking buildings  
Greatest thing I seen today was    !! Lol 
The moment you realize you are not about that life!! Lol 
shawnemerriman where you at? 
JamesDockery31 I wish I was.. Lol in Miami right now lol 
Am just out here trying to function.. 
MAnderson_95 ajwilliams23 come thru bro it was a last min deal!! Lol 
ajwilliams23 come thru bro it was a last minute trip 
RoryCordial just was sending a tweet my self!! Lol bout to board a plane right now!! Lol 
Headed to MIA to watch my boy rorycordial and James Blake kick A... In this tennis tournament. 
markbecker26 yea what's good 
It's funny how all these offensive players have something to say about this helmet rule.. Where were they when we were getting fined  
homeslice5484: NickBarnett chance you will be coming back to Buffalo?-Never say Never 
PortCityMade heck yea Fast Food too!! Lpl 
RayNitti: Where is the homie NickBarnett !!!! Waiting on his shirts lol 
Everytime my family goes to dinner something is getting sent back to kitchen!!   
Man... Am just out here trying to function!!  
AFresh6 I must have not even recognized you my bad 
Going to start doing this to my kids!! Lol  
rcast47 thanks 
I have the Best followers this was sent me thought it was a awesome wanted ad for my self lol  
Two Oregon State Rb's in ATL  
JBHirschhorn were any of those backs available? 
JBHirschhorn I am not saying GB should have or not signed him.. What I am saying is that he is one of the top 5 backs in the league 
jasonjwilde well of course!! Lol go Beavs lol 
JBHirschhorn how do you define success as a running back?? 
Aaron_Nagler jasonjwilde you never know we're your going unless you know where you came from.. Still healthy strong work horse 
JBHirschhorn would you wage something that he won't be worth it? 
jasonjwilde it is when he is still considered one of the best in league right now!! 
  now as  with  controllers sweet  
I told you these bread sticks are crack got my kids double fisting!! Lol 
 getting close to paint 70's  
 sparkles garlic crack on these bread sticks!!! 
 going in the 69  distinctimagerycustoms  lol 
Oh I love the feeling of heavy legs after a pool workout!! It really is awesome!! Next up core!! 
EWood70 ha ha!! Lol I got you!! 
Pool workout it's going down!! 
Don't talk about be about it!! 
You think you about that Life call Maury lol  
BuffClutch: NickBarnett commmme baaaaackkk tell them to shoot me a   
DezmanM Wisconsin GB 
  
DezmanM better bring one of those whips to the shop 
No matter how you look at it... Timing is everything!! Patience is key  
BB_Chargers: NickBarnett there's no snow on the west coast-- Yes wouldn't mind taking a trip down there  
Snow snow go away that's what all the plowers say!! Lol 
For sale 72 cutlass hit up istinctimagerycustomsgmail.com for more info :-) 
This is how my Friday is getting started!! Take a guess where am at!? Lol 
Good morning lets have a great Friday!!! 
LanceBriggs what happened to my invite to the golf tourney lol 
LanceBriggs out here grinding you in AZ? 
LanceBriggs what's good homie!! 
67 Mustang says Chesse!! 
TorellTroup going black on black .. 
CaptOTM fessler 
cjboyd75 soon as it is done lol 
CaptOTM Greenbay 
Black widow waiting for her spray Tan!! Lol distinctimagerycustoms 
PAOtoday: NFL vet Jon Kitna tells his story of seizing abundant life in Christ The_Increase. Check it out: -- 
KerryKins44 that's my song!!! 
RComsto: NickBarnett: "Career is what your paid for... Calling is what your made for!"so what does that make football for you?--Both 
"Career is what your paid for... Calling is what your made for!" 
 long hair don't care days!! Lol 
CheenaChocolate what are you doing still up??? How's my boys 
stephenlittle5 still playing just looking for a new home 
 Grind time! 
 
Beaver Nation stand up!! New Helments!! 
EuhusBeaver sj39 ochocinco sick !! 
Just as fast as you receive a blessing it can be taking away just as fast!! Remember that!  
I grew up standing in line for government Chesse.. When I got drafted never remember once laughing at someone who was unemployed.. 
Former?? What exactly does this mean by former? I don't have a team right now but soon enough  
Slim_Shady_8 Do you really have a problem? Ill pray for you !! God bless 
Slim_Shady_8 do you have a job? Why are you worried about what I spend on gas? Why don't you worry about how your a loser!! 
Slim_Shady_8 at you? No just had the expose you.. Everyone now and then I expose frauds you my friend have been exposed for hater you are  
Slim_Shady_8 it's was your absolutely "Stupid" comment YOU made that had you in these arguments you should think before you talk 
Beed a trip back to Italy ASAP!! 
Check me out 
Kaden knocked up with his Crocket hat! 
Berzirk lo 
jojoevans12: NickBarnett you should come back up to  sometime and do some fishing and floating!--Will do ASAP 
Slim_Shady_8 ok 
JC_ATWM Def tons of players go to the combine and kill!! But can't play a lick of football.. We call those Combine Guys lol 
JC_ATWM I agree with combine not making u a great player But just because people may not know ur name doesn't mean ur not great player 
JC_ATWM jc_atwm scorindorin if they haven't wait till they have to cover you!! They will soon know!!! 
"Make room for blessing you are to recieve!" Keep God First 
"God will take you further Faster!" Joel Osteen 
The Transformation of my   distinctimagerycustoms gfg_wheels amg_lifestyle 
RonBrooks33 everything good just grinding.. 
Two shoots they go down!!! Knixon not playing in the Wild West!!   
RonBrooks33 what up bro 
Spencejohnson91 my kind of price!! Lol 
Spencejohnson91 I am talking about a ride lol 
Spencejohnson91 how much it cost?? Lol 
Spencejohnson91 you just let me know when?? Where?? Why?? And am in lol 
Spencejohnson91 damn homie where is my invite!! 
Sick wheels !!! Thinking about these for the Audi!! richard_sha 
She looks good in her stock shoes    distinctimagerycustoms 
GWilson37: I'M COMING HOME!!!!  bro!! 
adamp26 sorry wrong assumption, I use it to towel vehicles, Atv boats and etc.. Also for road trips with my family.. 
Ill never be Broke because I am rich with love from our Savior!!  
Who writes stuff like this really??? Haters will find anyway to hate!! 
thegame going down like the Catalina wine Mixer!!! Lol 
butlerboy28 what kind you want? 
The transformation distinctimagerycustoms f-650 aka  
PatrickMoranBSD killed it 
American idol is going down!! 
Hannahxoleigh ha lol 
The truth needs to be told when it is the hardest to speak it! Don't wait till after the fact! Cowards do that. 
S_Lark19 yes I can lol 
As I sent that text thunder erupted!! 
So cold in AZ 
Run_CMD4 bro I been on it super touch!! That scandal is awesome 
Fred22Jackson you in Buffalo? 
Fred22Jackson Happy B-day homie!! How's that Camaro riding? 
My  has received a a new addition 48 double light bar!! Ready for a trip to   
AC_BIG12AU ha you don't want that.. Lol 
BuffClutch ha lol 
The Sabres will still be our Family's Hockey team!!  
Not mine but a sick    . 
 442  
Thinking I need to twin turbo the Audi!! R8 yea or Nea 
By the way sorry for ruining the movie for some of you ;-) 
I swear I see drake as a back up dancer!!! 
Ok no feeling Alicia keys half time show!! Sorry 
Just got done watching the last twilight I must say.. I am still disturbed that Jacob is with Bella's daughter!! Seriously 
BuffClutch: Talk show with NickBarnett was in the works for me. I know- grown men, I'm sobbing too. We'll miss you, you giant hunk.-:-( 
BuffClutch: Italian Dressing. that's a nice salad dressing!! Wish we were still doing our show!!! 
Big shoes to fill but Knixon is up for the challenge!!  
My new Oregon State Lebrons !! 
RQUINN619: 8-1-11 my first day of  thanks nick Barnett :)--At least I did something good lol 
dcshaffer here now that's funny lol 
_CrazyPaul yes thanks bro 
Getting some good AZ sun  
Dajones19: I am forgiven.--Preach 
pthomas3434: NickBarnett :-( --you and me both!! 
Mufasa will be making a comeback this year!! What jungle will he be roaming??? 
shawnemerriman so where going homie?? Lol 
Hope you had a Happy V Day!! That is Happy Viagra Day!!! Oh snap!!! Lol ohhhhhhhhh 
Cooking my on meat at Phin in GB 
They saying lil tink tink shot his girlfriend? Damn the world is crazy 
RHBICtheProgeny yea just messing with you bro lol 
RHBICtheProgeny lecrae Making a lot of demands 
RHBICtheProgeny not much lol 
Still feeling the effects of the Break up. " It's not you it's me" but must keep head up and use it as motivation   
You got the juice now, man... kelvinsheppard thakidd_53 represent  
jasonjwilde no chance of reopening Five Six!! But open to all other ideas ;-) 
One door closes more open up.. All in Gods hands.. 
You guys will have many successful years ahead of you. Thanks  for all your support.. Sad to leave but like they say when one 
Truly a pleasure being apart of that organization and culture.. Very unfortunate we didn't get the Bills to the playoffs but I know you 
I was told I'll be released today by the Buffalo Bills. Thanks to all the great Fans and friends I have met in Western New York.. It was 
Well for all you that were worried you will be glad to know I made it!! :-) 
PatrickMoranBSD no sir!! This is real life right now!! Lol 
We found a solution duct tape!!! Lol  
When the armrest is broken on your flight something screams "get off plane get off plane!!" 
Watching now!! The walking Dead!! 
Is the walking dead coming on? What time? 
My number one fan Packer Fan :-) 
Karalyn_Zachary thanks :-) 
vzibl about? 
thurmanthomas Greenbay 
A lil fun in the snow   
CaseyCordial: NickBarnett looks pretty awesome! Is it bigger inside then their previous models?--no but faster lol 
This song go so hard  !!! 
smov656: NickBarnett that's all luxury. Jeep greatest off road vechile ever.--do you research ;-) 
HAITI_88 you do know this is a G-63? 560 horses? Just saying 
HAITI_88: NickBarnett Jeep commander would blow that outta the water--psh 
G-63 ready for the Snow in Greenbay!! Sweet!! 
ashleylynnolson he spotted that bow flex!! Lol lol 
My new toys  it's going down commercial strength Midwest company's the best!!   
We like the cars the cars that go BOOM!!! Lol distinctimagerycustoms 
Box in the G-63 is coming out quite Nicey distinctimagerycustoms 
My Shop distinctimagerycustoms fun builds!! 
BuffClutch: Got the most amazing gift from a viewer, just in time for Fashion Week. Thank you Bob. It's perfect.  
Ok this is disturbing!! I am a huge Beyonce fan but why she looking so manly!! 
Even when it's cold the Fox is a great view!  
MaryCherry_LV hakkasanlv Where's my invite to the opening ?? Lol 
 fact of the day !! :-) have a great day!! 
lecrae: Money cannot purchase joy. It buys temporary distractions.--Truth like this iPhone I am using to send this tweet - :-) 
lecrae: NickBarnett any suggestions?- either Go Hard or Jesus Muzik! Lets turn up!!! 
lecrae Hey bro what song you performing at PAO? 
BuffClutch: I wish it was Monday night football. Just saying.  TheBillsMafia NickBarnett---Me too  
I knew there was something sneaky about Face Down Phones!! Lol 
Spencejohnson91: BryantMckinnie congratulations bro I'm happy for you great game and well deserved.--I Agree - congrats!!! Disney land? 
Good after Super Bowl Sunday Monday Morning to you!! Did they fix the lights yet??? Lol 
By the way great call on special teams!!! Practice all the time first time I seem it used!! 
That  commercial pretty dope but still love my  Lol  
 
NickBarnett: At the end of this game no matter the outcome the game changer will be the  argument   
CullenJenkins: NickBarnett what's up mad backer--What up mad Max!!! 
Joe Montana Stain was Great good job  !!  
I like that  commercial!! 
Or Maaaayyyyyybe Jay-z and the illuminati ??? Huh huh ok that was the last one lol 
So thinking now maybe CBS did this to get more of their ads in there ? Conspiracy 
It was all good till Kelly and Michelle showed up now the lights out!! Lol 
willblackmon: *User has left the game* lol---me on the Sticks "Why you MaD thou!! Lol 
So bush still ain't fix the stadium since Katrina huh dang!! Lol 
The lights went out shawnemerriman you at the game??? Lol  
Sh.... Just got real!! Lol  
Don't kick that man the ball, that has to a record!!!  
Toddkron: nickbarnett Youre gonna end up on sportscenter apologizing for speaking your mind. Nick Ocho Barnett--Both Oregon state alum 
I just love how she kick Destiny child off and finish like.. Thanks but this is my song!!! Turn up back up dancers lets go!!  
kellygjohnson: NickBarnett wouldn't mind a wardrobe malfunction  soooooooo waiting for that!!! Lol 
I won't lie Madona show was pretty good!! 
Can't get tired looking at her!! Oh and she can sang too!! Lol not sing but sang 
This half time show is off the hook might be best ever ;-)  
One negative a lot of time left on that clock!!! 
shari_lonczak: NickBarnett my fave so far too! But why did the song have to be in spanish?---that's what made it extra great! 
Huge rocket arm!!! PAY THAT MAN!!! Period!!! Wow  
So far Taco Bell was the best commercial !!! 
TBNSully: I liked the fake call--See genius!! Lol 
Super Bowl party at my house.. I hear Sf QB is good but he's adopted! The speakers shut off and everybody said what!!!!!!!!!! Lol fun times 
Good strategy fake field goal good field position.. Get ball back before half, score, chest bump drink Gatorade get ball in second half! 
Sorry fake field goal lol damn coronas ;-) 
Big marbles for that fake punt!!  
lombardiave: NickBarnett mattsciera Why? Is Nick being traded back to the Packers?--no just playing them in the Super Bowl!! ;-) 
mattsciera: Lets hope to see NickBarnett in the Super Bowl next year   TOO!!! 
Easy_Tiger__: NickBarnett the stadium have wifis--I wish!! 
Easy_Tiger__ how would I be playing the game if am tweeting don't try to funny lol 
Unreal  
Pressure on SF, key to not panic stick to game plan here. Whatever they did last drive they must do this one but don't fumble!! 
Luen03: NickBarnett no, but perhaps Mrs. Barnett was inspired by the commercial and will go buy them for you. :)--I do that ;-) 
TheKickIsGood: Things are getting weird...RT NickBarnett BuffClutch: NickBarnett me.--You would look good in men underwear-True lol 
BuffClutch: NickBarnett me.--You would look good in men underwear fasure ha ha 
Who is Calvin Klein advertising to because that made me feel uncomfortable lol don't think I'll be buying those lol 
Huge Fumble!! That's why you don't talk so much.. Cause in two plays your whole game can change! Lessons I had to learn lol 
Easy_Tiger__: BuffClutch nickbarnett hi mick are u playin in the game? I will cheer for u-- Easy tiger before you end up a jacket 
adbrandt: Flacco arm strength on display there. Wow.--More impressed by the grab 
Huge thought he was throwing out of bounds but nope!! Throw it to that monster  !! 
BuffClutch: I'm calling it for the Ravens because emotional men are not to be messed with.---Very True!! Lol 
Nice move by Gore!!  
That  was gross go daddy wrong for that!!! 
Reinstagram oscarsinger Choices, Choices, Choices 
Feel wierd with a shaved face!! It was time thou lol 
Favre4Official good to see you on twitter !! 
Alexis_Texas: It is not ok to come to a sushi restaurant and order only chicken amp; steak --I agree!! Lol 
StreetsYM so still doesn't change my prediction! Ravens!! 
Just a lil Super Bowl Preview!!! Fumble!!!!!!!!! 
lsesselmann trun up time!! ;-) 
Now that was entertaining!! 
lawrenc11: NickBarnett big foot ugliest man in sports?--Yes if not very close!! 
lawrenc11 true.. 
This man Face is long!! But I would not get in ring with him!! No sir! Not paying enough! Lol 
Yes bring on the Heavy weights!! You think any if them use Antler spray! Ha!!  
willblackmon: NickBarnett: This grappling fight sucks!! Not entertaining!!  respect MMA. - I do but I watch to be entertain !! 
NHolcomb04: NickBarnett grappling isnt easy boss man!--It may not be but it is not entertaining!! I am not entertained (Gladiator voice) 
This grappling fight sucks!! Not entertaining!!  
Now watching  
MCAUSSIN80 kelvinsheppard laying in BED!! Watching the Jets defense from last year doing push-ups at the SAME DAMN TIME!  
KelvinSheppard mcaussin80 boy y'all out there Turnt up huh!! 
Refresh ..... Lol 
JessicaBurciaga yea that's just insane!! Why can't she get back on? 
BigDoug19 have fun! 
Yoyo716 perfect timing lol 
BigDoug19 nice Congrats!!! Where you guys celebrating?? 
JessicaBurciaga who goes thru all that trouble to Fake be someone on twitter?? Crazy world hope they making money off that! 
Those nights when you are so BORED you keep refreshing the twitter feed hoping to see something entertaining!!  
JessicaBurciaga yea she had me confused!! Lol 
Akeem_Ayers man you should have let me know!! Lol 
Akeem_Ayers: NickBarnett: Akeem_Ayers you in Vegas? Yeah- MaryCherry_LV hook my boy up with the major plug !! 
Akeem_Ayers you in Vegas? 
BillsDiehard511: NickBarnett Greg Jennings ...playing for Buffalo! Your thoughts on that plausible scenario (that I hope happens)?!?LIKE 
IamRozayMayo how's everything 
What's going here at the shop!! That's what you call team work!! Lol 
E_2Times you can't see me!! Lol 
E_2Times sorry to hear that.. It's grind time now!! 
E_2Times damn homie.. 
E_2Times what you do? 
Every now and then you have to correct at least one negative comment! :-) 
TravisG1988 you are def wrong, and shouldn't read into things you have no clue about. 
TravisG1988 Of?? 
KendraWilkinson Turn up time! TheHankBaskett 
Can't believe Donald Driver is retiring he still had so much left! Packers must have offered him a retiring package. 
rbond1975: NickBarnett Hows Nick doing on this offseason are you a Bill next season?  --Yup!! 
BlakePD: NickBarnett We've gotta get you at the PD office fam fasure!! ASAP 
Check out this recent interview I did with PatrickMoranBSD follow him 
NickBarnett: BuffClutch oh no you got a tweet stealer!! Bastards need to come up with their own tweeterial 
More of my Photography skills !! Would make a sick shit populardemandla ieatpupusas holla at ya boy!! Lol 
denniswage Italy 
A lil taste of my photography skills :-) 
So if I pull up in this would you think it was time to party are what!!!??  
The little things are the difference between good and great!! Don't just be good!! Be Brilliant !! 
Just grinding grinding grinding lol 
Why don't guys ever use the manual!! Lol we tear box open like we built the ish!! 1 hour later... Where's the manual lol 
salani26 yes 
63GBPackerfan weren't invited lol 
mneal96 here in GB at the crib 
mneal96 you going to fix that box? 
PortCityMade Greenbay 
mneal96 portcitymade fasho 50,000 you can take it today!!! 
PortCityMade talking bout send it to my shop! We got Marcell impala up here bout to have it running like a champ!! 
PortCityMade send that 73 to me!! 
scorindorin: Cant wait to start trainin again!--Why wait!! 
Grind time!! 
BuffClutch:  TheBillsMafia amp; NickBarnett I predict another one of these Ts soon. soon!!! To the OP 
Ok this show Buck wild is funny lol 
Bed resting 
W7's going in the  :-) 
CassyOlson when ever you are ready!! 
CityofThorns true!! I agree but I don't know what the circumstances were. 
CityofThorns well one thing is faster on a stage that big I front of my nations leader I would want to sound 10 x better 
48tweetsofpower: Never outshine the master.--cause I would be pissed!!! 
If you have a problem with Beyonce lip singing then you should battle her vocally!! 
JoelOsteen: Expect God to overwhelm you with His goodness and amaze you with His favor.--amen!! 
IamRozayMayo I hear you!! Lets get on some music when I get back.. 
cccfromkc: NickBarnett billsmafia!--Goodmorning!!! 
BuffClutch: If I was Miss America I would start by eating a donut then asking banks for money at gunpoint but with pointed toes.-too funny 
BumpNrunGilm0re: You try to bring me down ima go harder---Period!! 
BuffClutch lmao!!! Lol 
TBNSully: Where is Aldon smith? 
Matty mother loving ICE!! Lol 
I see some scratching and clawing out there!!!  
mikemcqueen12: NickBarnett You can hang with Vernon though, right?---He's a great talent! 
Broken 
This is where you discuss bend but don't break!!!   
This is a huge drive 
Good job SF sticking to game plan not panicking !!  
VEGASGEORGY: To NickBarnett I'm not aloud to hang with you no more---lol 
Can you say Domination???  
willdemps Fareal!!! 
nfl: Champ Bailey: Ray Lewis can't cover Aaron Hernandez   he won't have to!! 
geeta_c: I love you Desbishop55 !--Me too ;-) lol 
bigfuzzz fasho ASAP!!! 
If you guys ever need anything in Vegas pls make sure to hit the homie MaryCherry_LV she always takes care of the fam! 
scorindorin vegas what!!?? Hit me up let's do this 
jloro craigorymason vegas no but might check it out :-) 
Head to Vegas today kind excited!! Vegas lol 
DaddyDuggan yes what you need? 
Happy Founders Day to the ladies of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority  
Goodnight folks early flight back to the states.. 
carlyszyd :-) 
NPicanco6 you can sub a Lb in for a DL and run a "Taco" drop.. Meaning you don't take guys out of coverage but add speed to rush lanes 
CaptOTM I haven't been to stadium in a awhile ill call the guys wants I get back in the states 
The biggest problem tonight was rush lanes.. With a running QB you wanna keep him inside the pocket mix in pressure.. 
mwkraut ok dummy what did I say? 
That read option is a problem... This off season D coordinators will adjust... Just like they did when Vick changed the league.. 
bshades07: NickBarnett what you gonna do? Punch em?  -True!! Lol I guess have a Bagging contest lol 
Anyways was a crazy second round.. Ravens fought hard to cont their journey with Ray!! Didn't expect to see this Sf vs GB game to turn out 
peppe_americano you must be drunk boy 
Not sure where all this smack talking is coming from but real tired of it.. If you wanna talk smack wait till you see me in person! 
peppe_americano what are you talking about? Idiot 
_Birdman_WI and where are you? 
Wow.. Interesting second round of playoffs!! 
Are you ready to have your heart melted!!!?? Awwwww lol :-) 
Nerd life baby!  
Nerd life baby!  
Nerd life baby!  
Nerd life baby!  
Wow Elmo not letting us get no free pic shady!! Lol 
Can you say attitude!! Lol Kruz not too happy with this train ride lol 
TheHankBaskett yea and he owes us some money for toys lol 
TheHankBaskett My son saw yours on a magazine and said who's that man holding me!! Lol 
Everybody keeps telling me my son and thehankbaskett son look a lot a like? Agree?? 
My new baby waiting for me to come off vacation   
Ok now on to more important things... Who is the LB coach!!?? Lol 
mrsbmeneese you can see them if you have instagram and you obviously don't so ... Why tweet to me about not seeing them?? 
They got their on table!!! Big balling with the homies lol 
Looks like we got a new DC.. Nice hire!! 
gotumcoach7 Turks and Caicos switched the trip 
KelvinSheppard Turks and Caicos !! I'll hit you up soon as I touch down in the states!! We need to take a golfing trip!! 
YBTHEROCKSTAR: 'frisbee' by YBTHEROCKSTAR. This Go Hard!!! 
KelvinSheppard you in LA? 
gotumcoach7 out of country so I am only on Internet 
Natures pedi lol 
Building castles, but before they could be built we destroyed them!! Lol 
The view from my room.. Not bad Tamp;C 
Wow... Fighting Irish once again gets to big bowl and gets demolished!! See Oregon state Vs ND fiesta bowl ;-) 
shawnemerriman Must be Nice!! 
Spencejohnson91 Turks and Caicos 
JaceDrennan: NickBarnett where do you get your vampire teeth mouth guard?--Unbreakable mouth pieces 
shawnemerriman what's up homie? Where you at SD? 
Not a bad first week of offseason!!  
Knixon killing a whole bowl of muscles here!!  
Goodnight folks that was the  !! Lol 
Goes from 3 points now to 7!! Huge personal mistake 
Wow huge penalty!! 12 man on the field!! Un exceptable in the playoffs 
Def a PI there ... 
Game clock being controlled..  
As far as coaching search I am a fan of all the candidates.. Def like Lovie Smith.. 
Wish we were playing tonight!!  With RussBrandon in charge we will be next year!!  lol 
By any account great half by the Packers. 
This half has made a great case for the value of Ponder for Vikes.. Or is Pack D that much better with Charles Woodson 
A lil bit of a push off there  
Important drive to end this half.. Especially with the Pack getting the ball starting second half. Score vs Make sure your opponent does not 
TheMind_ofDK: NickBarnett Shut your bitch ass up.   Where did this come from??  
Ok that pose was a lil wierd Cobb... Lol 
That was unfortunate.. 
And GregJennings time to  
Watching my boys play.. Time to turn up!! bejones00 OfficialAJHawk rajifreezer90 RyanPickett79 RyanGrant25 
Aaron_Nagler As far as I know I will not be there but if I do I'll let you know 
Aaron_Nagler fasure will do .. Lol 
Aaron_Nagler sit down and watch film with you.. We go all the back and watch all the Pack film too ;-) 
Aaron_Nagler You haven't been block for a long time.. I was referring you talking about me being engulfed by blocks.. I would love to sit 
Aaron_Nagler when are you going to actually know what your talking about? 
Guess where I am at in full OSU gear!!! Lol 
Jonesmarc this year!! 
So... Having the flu is not fun!! I have to pack and everything still.. Not a good look!! 
Fireworks in Niagara!! 
Turn up time !! :-) lol 
Bring in the New Year in style!! :-) 
OGUncleJimbo: NickBarnett your next pal---Thanks buddy :-) 
Successful years for both that coaching staff and the 2013 Bills..  
Men and coaches... All have had very successful years as coaches and I know they will all land on their feet running.. 2013 will bring 
Just want to say I appreciate everything this coaching staff has done for Me and my family!! Everyone on that staff had great character as 
Wasn't the season we wanted to have by far, but thanks for all the support Buffalo has some really great fans!! Go Bills!! 
CaptOTM thanks!! Super excited!! 
kmkrusen nice :-) 
So I don't think big black is too happy about this !! Lol 
Since we are posting pics ;-) will_blackmon lol 
CaptOTM I def do! 
Somewhere under there is my sidewalk! Lol 
I received one more christmas present!!! :-)  
"Haters" are the quickest ones to call other people "Haters"!  
Dads new Blankey!!   
Merry Christmas Mrs. Barnett !!!  !! 
RTarrant2 I haven't said anything I wouldn't say to anyone's face!! Never been one to hide behind a keyboard 
Only COWARDS!! Talk smack on the Internet!!  
Seen Santa today!! 
KelvinSheppard and myself not in a good mood!!! 
EWood70 why you tag me with that quote!? Lol 
Derick42 thanks bro.. Hope everything has been good with you as well!! 
Me and my bro deebarnett Merry Christmas!!! :-) 
Throwback!! Go Beavs!! 
Not a bad view from my room huh?? :-) 
The sun is shinning!! We have arrived MIA!!! 
erik_tuma58: Old School... NickBarnett yea!!! 
scorindorin: My goal in life is to hang out with eddie murphy for one day--- Be careful what you wish for !!! Lol 
paxw: NickBarnett Y u taking Christ out of Christmas show respect---REALLY come on guy!! 
Nothing like showing up to a Xmas Ugly sweater event and not getting the memo... 
Best sleep ever is coming up tonight!!! It's going down!!! Yes dreamwater 
AlysonSax Hey see you got twitter too huh 
Rebirth of instagram!!! 
Mini Bane Me coming soon!! Yes!! 
Death to instagram!! Lol 
I will be deleting my instagram before January!! Time for the Next social media fad!! You wanna sell my pics??? Yea right!! 
Cinnamon toast crunch Canadian style!! Lol 
Suit case packed populardemandla 
bibibsworld: If you think the worlds ending, it still doesn't give you the right to play god.---Real Talk!! 
bibibsworld Glad your back on twitter!! :-) 
CaptOTM That's sick!!! 
jasonodra: NickBarnett I think you meant to type: "There are no pacts between lions and men." Troy was a good movie.--yes 
There are no packs between lions and man! Lol live Troy!!! 
thegame: NickBarnett lets go Nick !!!!! !!!! 
jairusbyrd: Let it snow..---This Xmas (B. Scott singing voice) lol 
Super excited about thegame Album today!! But to hit this weight room and go in!! 
Manny is getting killed on instagram lol.. Can't even be a boxer and get knocked out these days lol 
Good stuff RyanGrant25 nice to see you out there doing your thing!! 
The things make you feel good on a bad day.. My lil ones made me a sign :-) 
Floyd destroyed Marquez when they fought!! Marquez destroyed PAC in most of the fights.. 
Any still think Pac can beat May? Hmmm 
thurmanthomas lol 
_Wild_Bill: NickBarnett It's 5 o'clock somewhere-- True lol lol 
Why do people need to Talk ish!!! Grow up.. Let's talk about you drinking 5 wine glasses at 1:00 lol lol 
Sitting in olive garden waiting on a togo order.. Listening to this lady bash all the Bills legends about there off the field behavior... So 
shawnemerriman: I need some new music any suggestions?---Wiz 
and the winner is..... TheDon_ESPN 
Big Black says Hello!! 
Can't wait till thegame Album come out!! Heard it's bout to be a classic!! YBTHEROCKSTAR 
Look who's hiding out!!! 
Picking a winner for these two home tics for this weeks game Tom!! Submit you Bills Nick Barnett Xmas avatar :-) 
Goodmorning!! Have a blessed day!! You deserve it 
Make some very good Xmas presents!!! 
AnnBurke716: AnnBurke716 NickBarnett like the Hulk in a Santa Suit. HA LIKE TO SEE THAT LMAO 
sj39 Hit me up when you hit the city lets get up!!  
BillsMafia make sure you welcome my Friend and ex teammate (Beavers) sj39 To Buffalo!!  
sj39: Can I enter the contest? RT Sure... Lol 
SeeleyjamesAnt: NickBarnett Does that include travel to Buffalo?---Does not :-( but def great seats :-) 
Oh yea Bad A...Ish as well lol 
Ok I need a new avatar!! How bout the winner will receive to game tics to this weeks game!! Something (Bills) Xmas Nick Barnettish ready go 
sjupton21 how bout I makes jokes about your life.. Would that be funny?? Grow up!! Think about what you do before you do!! 
999 Career Tackles.. 1 away from 1,000 ... :-) 
KChristiano21 because I play will now.. Need to channel my inner Deion lol 
Throwback time!!! 
Def no happy about that Pitt win.. But we can only control what we do must keep faith alive and keep pushing hard!!  
Needed that win!! Must cont this momentum!! See you at the Ralph next week!!!  
Oregon state baby scored 77 today!!! I am not talking about the basketball team!!  
HouseofspeedGB super excited going to be sweet 
Can't always believe what you read... People give them selfs titles which or not earned... Always question the source... 
Been a lot of interesting things going on in the NFL... Let's just keep the main things the main thing!! Here to Play football not make news 
I just wanna Thank a the positive people out there!! 
Good morning grind time!! 
Check that link out he is funny as heck lol 
One of the greatest interviews of all time!! You have to love Brady Poppinga glad to see him back in the league!!! Congrats... Funny guy 
YBTHEROCKSTAR kelvinsheppard Xbox or ps3 
YBTHEROCKSTAR kelvinsheppard When ever y'all both ready to get ya feelings hurt let me know 
PatrickMoranBSD correct 
PatrickMoranBSD I know.. Just saw you said it was spot on.. 
YardsPerPass patrickmoranbsd your break down is incorrect 
So when did Mcmuffins start coming with this kinda egg??? Hamburg Mcdonalds shame on you!! 
Representing for my home town 909  unfortunately didn't come home with victory, also made me cover it up 
Not happy about the civil war!!! Now need to take it out on a ex Stanford QB!!! ;-) 
Yes!! PAC-12 network on my iPad!!! Dish network!! 
No PAC-12 Channel in the hotel this sucks!!! Need to watch that Civil war game!! 
ayyymaniii: I've been waiting for this t shirt for the longesttttt  NickBarnett you finally got it :-) 
Good morning!! 
Skins looking strong!! 
Happy Turkey day!! You jive Turkeys lol 
Good day of practice.. Must finish strong prepare to keep this thing in the right direction!!! No going backwards!! 
Mzoda14214 It was awesome!! 
Toronto nights kirkmorrison KelvinSheppard What is Nigel's instagram?? 
Homework time!!!  Ne vs Indy 
tankcarder stop hating on my AVI!! Lol 
First victim lol 
No Bills football today so I guess I'll just break logs with my head instead!! 
zharge08 not yet till the first 100 shirts are gone lol 
Look who's at lunch with us!! Lol  lol 
Oh yea comes with free coozie lol 
Make sure you get your Bills Mafia Tee on this Great turn around journey!!! Hold on tight !!! 
We found a catapiler !!   
YBTHEROCKSTAR you in Buffalo tonight? 
Buffalo Chophouse!!! Yes!!! 
YBTHEROCKSTAR kelvinsheppard y'all both don't want none!!! 
Thanks for all the support... Feels good to finally get a win, but let's not stop here!!! 
"I gotta Feeling..... that tonight's going to be a good night"!!! 
sportsmassageny Yup and Tai Tom!!! 
No movies but they do got WIFI!!! 
Since when did Hotels think it was cool to get rid of movies in rooms!!!??  wow 
TdiddyBflo forgot about it bro 
teambryanscott is hosting a fundraiser for the Pick Your Passion Foundation. Get Your Tickets Now! buffalobills 
Good morning!! 
Prime Time!!!   
Happy Saturday!! 
Thinking I should make sweat shirts to go with these awesome coozies 
bulledge: NickBarnett Merriman or Aaron Williams--correct Merriman lol 
If you were going to guess who belt this was in the Bills Locker room who would it be lol  
Good morning ! Have a great day!! 
Keep fighting!! Keep billieving !!! 
Now in H-Town!! 
Fred Jackson and Myself splashing the Rainbow bridge  Shoot out to all my survivors out there... Jus 
Have a great Friday!!! Fast Flow Friday!!! 
Trick or Treating in the rain!!! Lol 
My Kids and I around the same age ... Interesting lol 
Coozie coming with first 200 shirts!!! 
Good morning!!! 
ericreznicek: NickBarnett thanks for the  coozie! love!!! 
Wish this weeks game was at the Ralph!!! But where ever it is I Know  we be in full affect!!!   !! 
Going to start calling girls with attitudes... Ursala!! Lol  
I kinda Hate this Lady!!! 
Here's the real pic... Lol 
Wow that's gross!!!  
ChinyereV2012 love that song :-) "Take me Away"!! 
Finger tips!? Wow 
Orlando sunset Ritz pool  
 :-) 
DanChibizov: NickBarnett NFL needs to update it pic, u still got the Afro. Haha  growing it back!! Ha ha 
I want this guy on my D-Line!!  lol 
msorce22: Just purchased my  NickBarnett t-shirt!!! Hypeee 
For everyone asking about the T-shirts you purchase them from 
Barnett's take over Orlando going on day 3 
Mickeys spooky house lol 
It's going down Mickeys not so scary parade!!  
Long hair don't care days!! Lol 
The new Fantasy land  lol 
Getting a Sneak peek of the new fantasy land!!! 
The Ritz Carlton decorated our room!! Awesome grade A service Happy Halloween :-)  !! 
AdamRitz Def was a honor to have you speak to us!!! Learned a lot always good to hear the truth!! 
How to secure no one sits next to you on southwest: make sure you have screaming baby!! Lol 
Good Morning and Happy Grind day!! 
Keyboard Warriors!!! Lol funny stuff 
ShafferRaymond:probably better to just ignore all the idiots and not give them any attention for their dumb commentstrue but it's fun lol 
trevorjames22: NickBarnett humble pie?--- referring to??? 
MikeC4335: NickBarnett Thoughts on the new stadium idea??  heard of it?? 
Anyways... Now on to something worth my time like say...... Food!! Lol 
mikekolo6: NickBarnett win a game you motherfucker---Another tough guy!! 
Not a good feeling!! Lol 
Happy Halloween!! :-)  
bmac5623 Thanks 
Everyone always talks about how relaxing a massage is!!! Bull mine hurt!! Lol 
GoodMorning Motivation !!! Change gon come!! 
shizzznet: Feelin fab after my 2nd chemo treatment! Just tired a lot  it up !! 
And before you guys go fishing, that was not a shot at anyone!! Just looking in the Mirror doing some self revaluation 
joesocha1 Never.. I think everyone could have done something better... But I start with myself first.. 
  
DraytonFlorence you can tweet during games while on IR 
DraytonFlorence yes 
 are 12th man is important! With out y'all there is no us!! Positive thoughts = positive results 
In my 10 years of football the thing I most apperiatate are the real Fans!! The ones that ride through thick and thin...   
federisimo: NickBarnett got alot of ppl tryna get tshirts.. How do they order online?---Website will be up Wed... :-) 
mriggers99 yup lol 
Pinktober.... Standing on the bridge pink swagg 
Niagara falls is now  
PopularDemandLA Dope! 
Wifey will be representing in full affect !!!   
Good morning!! 
HipHazards thanks 
AConti72 vinkohl yea that's a lil harsh lol 
AConti72: nickbarnett Ha! I was just kidding brother. The look pretty sweet.---All love I can take a joke lol 
Before you comment on style please be better dressed in your avatar!! Lol   lol 
Another pair !!! Balenciaga's !!  
Super excited about my new Balenciaga's !! :-) (Shoes) 
Good morning!!! 
ericreznicek: NickBarnett are those TheBillsMafia Lombardi Trophy/hashtag tshirts for sale anywhere?--They will be soon on a website 
Catch me on Jim Rome tonight!!!  
willblackmon: EVERYONE LISTEN TO AND SUPPORT THIS NEW GROUP! Mariposa - "Black Light" : via youtube   
So.. How bout them Bills!!! 
Good morning 
Representing!!  full affect in AZ 
Anyways enough politics good night!!! :-) Keep GOD first the rest will follow 
timcates: NickBarnett i dont want somebody who smokes watching my kids  who smokes??? 
MikeCatalana: NickBarnett Then I trust you didn't vote for Bill Clinton!--lol 
LindsayGangloff: NickBarnett Obama would spend all my kid's money that they have in their piggy bank---and prob tax it!! Lol 
YoungWilliam27: NickBarnett also, MittRomney would run one hell of a lemonade stand-- and avoid paying taxes on it!!! Lol 
jambrones: NickBarnett mitt would hire someone else, and pocket a profit.---No that's funny!! But also creating jobs??? Lol 
Really if you had to choose... Which one of them would you let watch your kids? Cause that's what we are really voting for right? Our future 
pthomas3434: NickBarnett kirkmorrison what's wrong with God?---Nothing :-) 
Ace731: NickBarnett it sure created a bunch during the Great Depression.--War always does lol 
Good ending by both!! Who would you let watch your kids????? 
kirkmorrison: Romney pulling the G-O-D card.---lol 
benschwartzy: Why is it Romney wants a level playing field for China but not women?   
Government does not create jobs!! I def agree with that!!!  
NormDuhamel: NickBarnett you on Rome tomorrow?---yes sir!!! 
Oh here we go!! Outsourcing touchy subject!!  
I thought Mitt won the first debate but this one is a Run-away for Obama!!! No question!! 
Can you say that louder!!! Lol  lol 
Way way off topic MITT!!! Wow wow lol lol 
I don't like when they go over their time!! 
scottdswingle: NickBarnett Hi, my name is Scott and I represent sane white people, unofficially. You are not the racist.--Thanks 
BilgeEbiri: Obama: "I passed a law allowing women to get equal pay." Romney: "I hired women once."  lol 
Martyr00 If you find a president that can fix all our problems in one year let me know!! Obama and Mitt or not it!! 
ILoveMyLife7777: NickBarnett mitt is killin obama again, all you black racists are hilarious--- Really??? Who is the racist? 
Keyhole53: NickBarnett four years of backing up.-- Can't drive a car after a accident with out fixing it.. 
Mitt 
JohnMurachanian really??? Your a tough guy??? 
NayyNayy05 Your not paying attention 
Obama is going in on MIT right now!! 
RonBrooks33 Happy bday homie!! 
So many teams 3-3... Wide open... One game at a time!!  
Johnny_R_White if you have any question about Green Bay hit me up!! 
shawnemerriman: I'm Happy to be a Bill again words can't explain it   back!!!  
Getting the skylanders together to see which ones we need lol 
Touchdown !!! Seems like it's been forever since we been in Buffalo!! 
Taking off!! Buffalo here we come.. 
Not pretty!! But it feels good to get the W!!!  Let's keep it going!!! See you at the Ralph!! 
Blue pants!!! Swagg!!! 
Game time!!!! 
Good game Beavs!!! Keep it going!!! 
It's never too late to do something great!!  
JoelOsteen: Make up your mind to enjoy this day, to have a blessed, prosperous, victorious year. 
Hannah_Lynette thepickle ashleylynnolson ha ha ha lol 
ashleylynnolson hannah_lynette cassyolson  
Jaredbold: NickBarnett Men should never use "lol"  cool cause I am beast !!! Lol 
Nice bags lol 
Good morning enjoy life!! 
Wanted to thank all the people who made those great signs at the game last week!!  
Wheres directv? No Pac12 Network, no beaverathletics?! Thats unacceptable. Fix it!  
Just heard StevieJohnson13 song on the radio here in buffalo!! Ballllliiiiinnnnnnngggggg 
murphylee what up homie 
StevieJohnson13 ha!! Yea right... That's a rental from hertz lol 
Grind time!!!!  or  
To be honest I barely paid attention I was watching game film on San Fran!!  
Do you think there has ever been a president that has not lied??  
Don't know who I am voting for... Both have some really good points... Just really have to think what's best for America period!! 
DanielSchieber kenziemcmahon Thanks guys.. Did a great job once I found you guys!! :-) 
I think am voting for The Jim Kelly and thurmanthomas ticket!!  
So... Who won?? 
MattLeinartQB what up homie!!?? 
It's like you need an appointment to shop here!! Insane 
So... Home depot is all around do it your self!!! No one is to be found when you need help in the store!! 
Push harder!!! 
britty6988: Cutest bills fan   sean4565400 NickBarnett 
NikkiT3: NickBarnett did you also know it is domestic violence awareness month?--- did not but now I do!! Good to know 
BuffaloBrand: NickBarnett dylanbgang ill approve of the rework ;)---great job bro!!! 
Thanks  you guys are great!! Great week to come together and turn this thing back around!!  JermichaelF88 
  
collinstowell: NickBarnett check it out!   sweet 
DylanBGang: NickBarnett - Heres a rework of your current avatar for breast cancer awareness month. it 
Anybody in the mood for making me a Pink avatar to support Brest cancer awareness ??? :-) 
TheProfessorSD: NickBarnett care to meet a lot of the  Were going to be at the hotel Lafayette---sending some stuff over :-) 
Goodmorning!! 
dsu929: why more expensive for a ladies shirt? nickbarnett--Ladies cost more to make but you can get the small man size.. Different cut 
Shirts will be online in one week :-) 
federisimo: NickBarnett i have people out of state wondering if they can order that shirt i designed online?-In one week :-) 
This weekend only Park Avenue Imprints 2955 South Park Ave Lackawanna, ny 14218 10:00am - 2:00pm $15.00 
TommyWanderlich: NickBarnett louder than last year!!!--Thinking the same!!! 
How hard do you think the Ralph will be rocking!!!?? 
Mickyt1985: NickBarnett Can Aussie fans get involved?  course 
I think I might have something special for you guys!! Keep alert!!!  
NickBarnett carrieunderwood courtfinley88 No better role model for young women wish I could attend!! The wife is a super fan!!!! 
The wife is at carrieunderwood concert with CourtFinley88 sounds like its going down in GB!! 
Good morning!! Like my boy GregJennings say  
Wow we released Moorman?? Wow 
Wow wow wow, crazy !! 
federisimo def 
federisimo: NickBarnett hey man any word on the tshirt i designed?--Being ordered will be up for sale on website soon!! 
If I ever become a writer or reporter I will make sure I know what I am talking about!! Lol 
Crazy crazy game!! Lots of drama... 
Everybody makes mistakes... No one is Perfect.. 
Pretty interesting 1st quarter!! 
Great win for us today!!! Just wanna thank all the fans who flew, drove or walked to the game...  was in full effect!!! 
Let's go Beavers!!! 
Just in case you missed it!! Ya boy on NFL network rep artisticreation marvunderwood 
Bout to be on NFL network holla at ya boy!! 
meagan_nicole06 Thanks 
Berzirk: MEPOSU Felt bad for you after hearing about the low follower count-let's get the voice of the Beavs past 1,000! Help my guy 
SJHNatFan: NickBarnett I keep hearing about Blue Pants. Do they exist?--They do.. Will we wear them not sure... 
Nothing like a good Tuesday nap with Knixon...   
Feels great to get a W in the Ralph!!! I appreciate all the fans who cheered their heart out!!  !!! 
I can not wait to hear the Ralph Rock!!!   
federisimo yup!! I got four for Tom!! They will be in will call tom 
thurmanthomas Did you ever have a clear called 360? 
Here come the wagons!!! 
Goodmorning!! Have a great day!!! 
federisimo Let check and see if I candle that happen may be a lil hard.. But I'll see what I can do... Let you know by late tonight or morn 
And the winner of the  is ...... This design!! :-) 
federisimo: NickBarnett ... Did you announce the winner of the contest today?--no Tom morning 
tankcarder: NickBarnett nick raisin brand---Super church!! 
slickwynn94: Go Harder---Or go home!!  
Awesome!! Wish I had my own cereal!! bbwolf94 They better be good!!! 
Everybody was Kung fu Fighting!! Lol 
AnnBurke716 true 
Please cast your votes (likes) on my instagram for the winner of  nickbarnett50 
One more contestant... Pretty cool 
It really does seem like yesterday!!! But it was 11 years ago!! My prayers and thoughts go out to the family's of 9/11 tragedy.. 
Will be announcing the winner of the T-Shirt contest WED morning so make sure you go vote on instagram nickbarnett50 
By everyone in that locker room feels the same!! We have the talent and the will!! Now time to make it happen period!!! 
As Mad as disappointed I am trust me!!! I am staying positive!! I know the character of the men in this locker room!! This is unacceptable 
Checking to see if the game has been uploaded on hudle every 2 secs..   
RyanGrant25 thanks bro.. Need to win thou!! Can't stand losing!! 
Not happy to say the least! Will work harder push harder!!! 
navagator06: Joey Harrington just gave NickBarnett a shout out on Fox!! He doesn't forget  
shawnemerriman: NickBarnett you must've told him who you play for lol--Lol damn Cabbys lol 
BWoody44: NickBarnett blue pants tomorrow??---I wish!! 
DDoGG45: It's a great day to be a BEAVER! Coach_Riley voice)--I agree! 
Cab breaks down!!! Now new Cab is asking me for directions this is Bull..... 
Custom decade water!!!      
Surprise happy 10years in the NFL :-) 
Let's go Beavs!!! Smack those Badgers!! Kinda sounds dirty huh !! Lol 
Contestant  
People with BIG money think they can just park any way they want!! No names ... Steviejohnson13 
Catmattt lol 
Good night met Webster!! Emmanuel lol 
EricDelie12 lol 
Contestant   
Contestant   
Finally my order has came!!! Super excited!! artisticreation marvunderwood 
ajwilliams23: I see you ke$ha.... Wiz baby gonna come into the world with all the swagg--wait what did I miss??? 
Already hit the gym!! Got better today and continuing.... Are you!!?? Let's go  
NJNdure yea right!! Lol that was you 
But more excited about what is to come  
From.. Fontana High, to AB Miller High to Oregon State university to Greenbay Wisconsin now Buffalo, New York!! Proud of where I came from! 
win tickets amp; sideline passes 4 our home opener next week. It all goes 2 a good cause amp; we need your help : 
Contestant  
Contestant  15 
Contestant  pretty creative!! 
Good morning! Let's have a good work/play day!! Lol 
Going to make you an offer you can't refuse!! Contestant   
ATLBIGDAVE yea I really wish I could have went!! 
Contestant   
Contestant   
Contestant  angry face lol 
JoelOsteen: When you pray for your enemies and bless those who do you wrong, God will settle your accounts.--True!! 
Make sure you guys vote for my boy OK_Banks 4 CBS's Courage in Sports Award. Amazing story!! 
garretw5 I'll check but I don't think so.. 
Contestant   represent the Ralph 
Contestant  I like I like!! 
TheBillsMafia Trust me I understand.. I def don't want to dilute from your charities.. Would like to see them get as much as Possiable! 
Contestant  pretty sweet with a 50 on the back!! 
Shue_Box: NickBarnett Do I have until this Sunday to submit a design?--yes lol 
TheBillsMafia I understand.. 
So to clear everything up.. Lol you can use my face, my number.. My name and  for the shirt.. 
TheDrunkBoss: NickBarnett TheBillsMafia .... a sad day--Indeed lol 
6loortiz7 yes 
rbond1975: stick with the avi I'd buy a shirt a flag hell if you do kids sizes I buy three of them.---can't sell Fred's Stevie's face 
This just in... I was told we are not allowed to use that "Bills twitter bird" and this artwork per TheBillsMafia 
The god father work pretty sick garretw5 
Ok last time!! Come join the fam!!  
Come be part of the family!!!  (correct spelling this time!!) lol 
Getting excited for the season you?? 
ryanmcgee14210: How does the  store at the Ralph not sell NickBarnett jerseys???  buffalobills 
Contestant   
lukews1: NickBarnett can it have like legends on it like Jim Kelly?--No cause we don't have permission from him to use? 
The shirt def can say  as a matter fact it should be themed around  :-) 
federisimo: NickBarnett so its cant even say  on it right?--yes it can say that!! 
Guidelines... Don't use any NFL or Bills logos... As we won't be able to sell shirts for charity.. Good luck.. 4 tics to any game prize 
Send all design submissions to istinctimagerycustomsgmail.com This is starting to get fun!!! 
Still open for more submissions.. Submission deadline is Sunday.. 
Still looking for more designs... Like the picture on my instagram if you like it... nickbarnett50 is my instagram adress 
Contestant   shirt comp 
Contestant   shirt comp 
Contestant   shirt design 
Contestant  
Contestant  for shirt design competition ... 
RichKidsClubLA you guys make kids clothes??? Lol 
Life is interesting.. Gives you every emotion... No one skips having all emotions.. 
Just did major school shopping for my boys online!!! They are going to be swagged out!!! 
thurmanthomas:  
Feels good to back on regular season schedule!! 
Goodmorning!! Have a blessed day 
danerickson: NickBarnett when does this contest end?--Sunday 
I have received three cool shirts but unfortunately can not use Nfl or Bills logos.. 
Sorry one stipulation on the shirt contest.. We are not allowed to use any NFL logos or Bills logos ... 
JimmyBeans40: NickBarnett me and my gf will be its her first game so how about a pick 6?-- will do my best!! 
thurmanthomas: NickBarnett Need a invite--You are always invited!!! 
So.... Who's coming to the season opener in the Meadowlands?? 
IEatPupusas: Tao Beach is SLAPPIN! def looks Slappin!!! 
jason_bluegold: NickBarnett not tonight everywhere is closed--Going Tuesday.. 
Have to email me the submission to istinctimagerycustomsgmail.com 
Going to take my Boys to get haircut.. Where us a cool place in Orchard park or near by? 
BuffaloBrand roswellpark Nice :-) 
BuffaloBrand looks like you are already selling shirts.. 
JohnSengbusch: NickBarnett okay I got you do I just tweet you a pic?--- email istinctimagerycustomsgmail.com 
JohnSengbusch: NickBarnett what r the details?--- a front design of some sort ( me football Billsmafia etc) be creative!! :-) 
ToastChopsGetEm: NickBarnett what's your instagram?--- nickbarnett50 
GeorgeDavidson8: NickBarnett when is deadline?-- The deadline for the competition will be next sunday.. Jets... 
dabody52 where was my invite!!?? 
I will place your design on Instagram and who ever gets the most likes will receive the four tics and I will receive your design :-) 
sethjones17: NickBarnett what if we live in AZ?---Az tickets? 
Submit your design to istinctimagerycustomsgmail.com goodluck!!! 
Looking to design a new Nick Barnett Bills mafia shirt for this year.. The winner would get 4 tickets to any home game this year... 
RichKidsClubLA that shit hot! 
Oh yea by the way shout out to fivefour jeans I was rocking in church today !!!  
Getting ready to dog some fools on the PS3 in my fresh fivefour gear!!  
I heart hibachi!!! Lol 
I knew Dwan would get picked up super fast!! Congrats!!! 
Shamon, dwan and myself back in the day!! 
Last Sunday before the season starts so off to church :-)!! 
So excited to receive my yngandreckless stuff good looking bro deemurthy 
Cod on Ps3 any other players in league on that ps3??! 
So ready for the regular season!!! You??   !! 
Why so serious thou!! steviejohnson13 lol 
StevieJohnson13 really nice seats you got!!! I guess that's where they put the big money lol 
Nobody circles the wagon like the Buffalo Bills!!! Yes!!!! 
And now The best sports caster in history!! Chris Berman!! 
My boy Russ Brandon !!! CEO baby!! 
Exclusive kick off at the Ralph!! 
At the Ralph kick off!!! 
Absolutely disappointed if what I hear about Dewaun Edwards is true!! Can not have enough guys on your team like him!! 
Dreams will be reached and crushed today! For some it will be just on a different team!! Good luck to all!! God bless!! 
TWatty60 Good luck with everything bro!! Hit me up any time!! 
 Freshman year!!! Me rorycordial and T. Roberts 
MattLeinartQB: NickBarnett what up thou? Haha---When in Rome..... Lol 
We in the D!! What up thou!? 
Bringing my Mafia car to work today 
Ok what is the deal with this monkey knuckle!! Lol I have got to fix that lol 
Thinking I might hit the lake today!! 
Not cool my eye hurts!! Lol 
Not going to lie!! It does something special to me when I see a fan wearing a Nick Barnett jersey or shirt it's awesome thankyou!!! 
BillsMafiaStash: It's gameday!  NickBarnett  Yea!!!! 
ajwilliams23: Was driving on the skyway and there's a lot of ppl out on they're boats right now, crazy amount--we will be out there tom 
 it's turn up time !!!!  
Fresh cut and shave !! Game Time Ready!! Let's go 
DaddyDuggan no.. I'll have to order them 
thurmanthomas when I was there all day!! Lol 
Me and this thing go to work every night!!! Lol 
CourtFinley88 congrats to you and JermichaelF88 can't wait to meet London! 
KreamCityKellz fasho just let me know when 
BuffaloBrand thanks for the pic!! Pretty sick!! 
Linebacker tip of the day: Stay square as you can as long as you can!!  
Shout out to the True Fans and respectable people out there!!!! Treat others as you would like to be treated!! 
AJracine Yarn hair sounds a lil racist don't you think?? The other part of your joke was original either... Lol 
I am getting very excited for the regular season!!! I am enjoying the preseason but... Man am I excited for the season opener!!  
BIGshadowMIKE say what's up to my lil bro Akeem_Ayers 
TorellTroup: The good times never last that long.---Hey but tough people do!!  
Have a blessed day!! Get better or get lost!! 
VinceYoung: Stay positive and confident God bless have a wonderful day.........---- What he said!!  
Road trip time!! 
Goodmorning have a great day today!! 
Finally home!! It was great St John Fisher, thanks for the love and hospitality. Hopefully see you next year!!! 
Billsmafia!!!! Yesss!!! 
BuffaloBrand: Fred22Jackson StevieJohnson13 NickBarnett super dope!!! Goodfellas version of  
It was a joke but really .... Lol lol lol 
Ok maybe am crazy... But I think I kinda would like 2 explore picking up Chad Johnson.. He is mad  NE now mad  Mia... = good for Buf?? Lol 
AtotheJ12: NickBarnett First impressions of RGIII after playing him?-- didn't play him enough 
carlyszyd: Fun watching NickBarnett kill it at training camp today...  Thanks :-) 
Wow ... There is just too much going on right now around the league!!! Calm dooooowwwwnnn !!! 
