text 
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule. 
He who has a "why" to live can bear almost any "how" 
What does your conscience say?  'You should become the person you are' 
What labels me, negates me. 
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. 
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them! 
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. 
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. 
thais_historia good for you (: why don't you tweet a quote that you like 
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time. 
dvalentineblack good idea my friend (; 
I'm bored. 
Every deep thinker is more afraid of being understood than of being misunderstood. 
Be careful, lest in casting out your demon you exorcise the best thing in you. 
What labels me, negates me. 
You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame: how could you become new, if you had not first become ashes? 
I am not a man, I am a walking dynamite. 
What is love but understanding and rejoicing that another lives, works, and feels in a different and opposite way to ourselves? 
We ought to face our destiny with courage. 
When one has not had a good father, one must create one. 
My formula for happiness: a Yes, a No, a straight line, a goal. 
I love the great despisers because they are the great adorers... 
Love, too, has to be learned. 
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves? 
Today as always, men fall into two groups: slaves and free men. Whoever does not have two-thirds of his day for himself, is a slave. 
What does your conscience say?  'You should become the person you are'. 
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. 
Joey_iturbe cynicism is the only form in which base souls approach honesty. 
Is it better to out-monster the monster or to be quietly devoured? 
mishhky indeed! 
BunnyAskew let's go! I know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible 
Never yield to remorse, but at once tell yourself: remorse would simply mean adding to the first act of stupidity a second. 
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. 
Ah, women... They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent. 
Good morning 
Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man? 
It is the business of the very few to be independent; it is a privilege of the strong. 
If we train our conscience, it kisses us while it hurts. 
There are no beautiful surfaces without a terrible depth. 
oslyneto The great epochs of our life come when we gain the courage to rechristen our evil as what is best in us. 
We want to be poets of our life - first of all in the smallest most everyday matters. 
Good day! 
underdog69911 sorry to say God died (unfortunately, he choked on his own piety). So he won't be able to get back to you on that. Very sad. 
Hey God, thought you were dead.. 
un_cactus (; 
Good evening! 
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. 
First principle: one must need to be strong - otherwise one will never become strong. 
Every tradition grows ever more venerable - the more remote its origin, the more confused that origin is. 
To become what one is, one must not have the faintest idea what one is. 
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. 
You will never get the crowd to cry Hosanna until you ride into town on an ass. 
Pardon me, my friends, I have ventured to paint my happiness on the wall. 
Digressions, objections, delight in mockery, carefree mistrust are signs of health; everything unconditional belongs in pathology. 
The advantage of a bad memory is that one can enjoy the same good things for the first time several times. 
There is not enough love and goodness in the world for us to be permitted to give any of it away to imaginary things. 
Whoever thinks much is not suitable as a party member: he soon thinks himself right out of the party. 
Love is a state in which a man sees things most decidedly as they are not. 
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. 
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist. 
We are always in our own company. 
The more you let yourself go, the less others let you go. 
We are so fond of being out among Nature, because it has no opinions about us. 
That which is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil. 
The rights a man arrogates to himself are related to the duties he imposes on himself, to the tasks to which he feels equal. 
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man. 
For you have I prepared my table in the highest height- who lives so near the stars as I, or who so near the depths of the abyss? 
Madness remained a kind of convention in poets. 
Not to cleave to another person, though he be the one you love most - every person is a prison, also a nook and corner. 
The sage as astronomer. - As long as you still feel the stars as being something 'over you' you still lack the eye of the man of knowledge. 
MaizaHyodo When you start thinking your dog is judging you... you should be worried. 
To him who works and seeks in her, Science gives much pleasure - to him who learns her facts, very little. 
The same emotions in man and woman are, however, different in tempo: therefore man and woman never cease to misunderstand one another. 
Every superior human being will instinctively aspire after a secret citadel where he is set free from the crowd, the many, the majority.. 
Addiction - "I will not be a slave of any appetite." Wrote Byron 
Rdays I see that ! Thanks indeed for the endorsement. 
It is because of teachers that so little is learned, and that so badly. 
All Morals allow intentional injury in the case of necessity, that is, when it is a matter of self preservation. 
The single longing of the individual for self gratification (together with the fear of losing it) satisfies itself in all circumstances. 
The complete irresponsibility of man for his actions and his nature is the bitterest drop which he who understands must swallow. 
One must test oneself to see whether one is destined for the independence and command; and one must do so at the proper time. 
He who, when trafficking with men, does not occasionally glisten with all the shades of distress is certainly not a man of an elevated taste 
If one trains one's conscience it will kiss us as it bites. 
MrBoojumSnark Really? Well, I haven't read the original 
Do not allow yourselves to be deceived: Great Minds are Skeptical. 
We are so fond of being out among Nature, because it has no opinions about us. 
Our supreme insights must, and should sound like follies, like crimes, when they come to the ears of those who are not predestined for them. 
That in woman which inspires respect and fundamentally fear is her nature, which is more natural than that of man.. 
Madness is something rare in individuals- but in groups, parties, peoples, ages, it is the rule. 
The arrogant man - that is to say, he who desires to appear more than he is or passes for - always miscalculates. 
What destroys a man more quickly than to work, think and feel without inner necessity, without any deep personal desire, without pleasure? 
He who cannot obey himself is commanded... 
 ... yeah, right. 
My wisdom has long gathered like a cloud; it is becoming stiller and darker. 
Oh, how tired I am of insufficiency! 
Even the best must be overcome. 
You love yourself, and on that account despise you yourself, as only the loving ones despise. 
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end... 
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. 
Do you know what "the world" is to me? A monster of energy, no beginning, no end, that does not expend itself but only transforms itself. 
But let this be your honor: always to love more than you are loved, and never to be second. 
The time for me hasn't come yet: some are born posthumously. 
"This is my way; where is yours?"thus I answered those who asked me "the way." For the waythat does not exist. 
The worst enemy you can't meet, will you yourself always be. 
Danger alone acquaints us with our own resources, our virtues, our armor and weapons, our spirit  and forces us to be strong. 
That for which we find words is something already dead in our hearts. There is always a kind of contempt in the act of speaking. 
Let us finally consider how naive it is altogether to say: "Man ought to be such and such!" 
Man believes that the world itself is filled with beautyhe forgets that it is he who has created it. 
"In the mountains of truth you will never climb in vain." 
Nothing on earth consumes a man more quickly than the passion of resentment. 
suellenmordente your standards must be REALLY high ! :) 
Love is a state in which a man sees things most decidedly as they are not. 
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity. 
Plato is boring. 
In your children you shall make up for being the children of your fathers: thus shall u redeem all that is past.This tablet I place over you 
pairazaweb Thanks for the endorsement 
The more one seeks to rise into height and light, the more vigorously ones roots struggle downward, into the dark, the deep  into evil. 
It isnt the struggle of opinions that has made history so violent,but the struggle of belief in opinions,that is,the struggle of convictions 
There r ages when the rational man and the intuitive man stand side by side, one in fear of intuition, the other with scorn for abstraction 
What is now decisive against Christianity is our taste, no longer our reasons. 
Many people are obstinate about the path once it is taken, few people about the destination. 
Goodnight, Folks. 
The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous toy. 
Kesif_Konsept Say what? 
It is no small art to sleep: for that purpose you must keep awake all day. 
We have no dreams at all or interesting ones. We should learn to be awake the same way  not at all or in an interesting manner. 
You have evolved from worm to man,but much within u is still worm.Once u were apes, yet even now man is more of an ape than any of the apes. 
We want to be poets of our life  first of all in the smallest most everyday matters. 
Believe me!  the secret for harvesting from existence the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment is: to live dangerously! 
What is the seal of liberation?  No longer being ashamed in front of oneself. 
We are always in our own company. 
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments. 
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings  always darker, emptier, simpler. 
Where there is happiness, there is found pleasure in nonsense. 
JuPositiveMind Yup! Nada mais lamentvel do que o desejo de gregariedade... 
Freedom is the will to be responsible for ourselves. It is to preserve the distance which separates us from other men. 
It is possible to imagine a society flushed with such a sense of power that it could afford to let its offenders go unpunished. 
Those who deny chance.  'No victor believes in chance.' 
The knight of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies, but also to hate his friends. 
Pardon me, my friends, I have ventured to paint my happiness on the wall. 
Great day to all. // If a man has a great deal to put in them, a day will have a hundred pockets. 
Our destiny exercises its influence over us even when we have not learned its nature: it is our future that lays down the law of our today. 
Good night, twitter friends 
StevenAlleyn agreed ! 
"Faith" means not wanting to know what is true. // "F" significa no querer saber a verdade. 
God created woman. And boredom did indeed cease from that moment  but many other things ceased as well! Woman was God's second mistake. 
Against boredom even gods struggle in vain. // Contra o tdio mesmo deuses lutam sem sucesso. 
One has attained to mastery when one neither goes wrong nor hesitates in the performance. 
People are always angry at anyone who chooses very individual standards for his life;...they feel degraded, like ordinary beings. 
In some remote corner of the universe, glittering in innumerable solar systems, there was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge. 
You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted. 
But thus do I counsel you, my friends: distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful! 
There are so many things between heaven and earth of which only the poets have dreamed.Especially above the heavens: for all gods are poets' 
It is the stillest words that bring on the storm. Thoughts that come on doves' feet guide the world. 
Everything the State says is a lie, and everything it has it has stolen. 
socialist666 Sounds bad but... What does not destroy you, makes ya stronger. 
Good morning, earth 
The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad. 
Gott ist tot! Gott bleibt tot! Und wir haben ihn gettet. 
We are, all of us, growing volcanoes that approach the hour of their eruption; but how near or distant that is, nobody knows  not even God. 
socialist666 It was a bug on service but they just fixed it.. all long messages turned back into links. 
It isnt enough to prove something, one has also to seduce or elevate people to it. 
The flame is not so bright to itself as to those on whom it shines: so too the wise man. 
Many a man fails to become a thinker only because his memory is too good. 
The advantage of a bad memory is that one can enjoy the same good things for the first time several times. 
He who thinks a great deal is not suited to be a party man: he thinks his way through the party and out the other side too soon. 
The liar is a person who uses the valid designations, the words, in order to make something which is unreal appear to be real. 
With my tears, go into your isolation, my brother. I love him who seeks to create beyond himself, and thus succumbeth.  
...think of a man tossed and torn by a powerful passion for a woman or a great thought: how his world is changed! 
Long live physics! And even more so that which compels us to turn to physics,our honesty! 
No shepherd and one herd! Everybody wants the same, everybody is the same: whoever feels different goes voluntarily into a madhouse. 
What these people need is not confession, and forgiveness of sins; they need a new justice. And a new watchword. And new philosophers. 
Man,like every living being,thinks continually without knowing it;the thinking that rises to consciousness is only the smallest part of this 
...Buddhism promises nothing, but actually fulfills; Christianity promises everything, but fulfills nothing. 
that profound physiologist Buddha.His religion should be called a kind of hygiene,to avoid confusion with so pitiful a thing as Christianity 
Where I found the living, there I found will to power; and even in the will of those who serve I found the will to be master. 
Good morning all 
What is the ape to man? A laughing-stock or a painful embarrassment. And man shall be just that for the overman. 
isagolden yes thats correct! 
Scholars ultimately lose entirely their capacity to think for themselves. When they don't thumb [books], they don't think... 
...I want to learn more and more to see as beautiful what is necessary in things...Amor fati [love of fate]: let that be my love henceforth! 
I have learned to walk: ever since, I let myself run. I have learned to fly: ever since, I do not want to be pushed before moving along. 
...To become what one is, one must not have the faintest notion what one is. 
Good morning, world 
Good'night to all 
Are you a new strength and a new right? A first movement? A self-propelled wheel? Can you compel the very stars to revolve around you? 
...God is dead; God died of his pity for man. 
The anti-Semites do not forgive the Jews for possessing "spirit" - and money. Anti-Semites - another name for the "underprivileged. 
The Greek philosophers went through life feeling secretly that...everybody who was not a philosopher was a slave. 
There is yet another world to be discovered - and more than one. Embark, philosophers. 
What is good? Whatever augments the feeling of power, the will to power, power itself, in man. What is evil? Whatever springs from weakness. 
"This is the antinomy: Insofar as we believe in morality we pass sentence on existence." The Will to Power (1888) 
Change of Cast. - As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples. 
Noon; moment of the briefest shadow; end of the longest error; high point of humanity; INCIPIT ZARATHUSTRA. ( begins) 
The true world we have abolished. What world has remained? The apparent one? no! With the true world we have also abolished the apparent one 
You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes! 
Free from what? What does that matter to Zarathustra! But your fiery eyes should tell me: free for what? 
"In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point." The Antichrist (1888). 
Not the neighbor do I teach you, but the friend. Let the friend be the festival of the earth to you, and a foretaste of the Overman. 
My brothers, I advise you not to love of the neighbor -- I advise you to love of the farthest!  
But you, profound one, you suffer too profoundly even from small wounds; before you have healed, the same poison-worm crawls over your hand 
Far away from the market-place and from fame happens all that is great.   
izabelaorlandi Boa tarde :) 
Forest and rock know how to be silent. Be like the tree which you love,the broad-branched one, silently and attentively it overhangs the sea 
A free life is yet possible for great souls. He who possesses little is that much less possessed: blessed be a little poverty!  
Behold the superfluous! They steal the works of the creators and the treasures of the wise. Education, they call their theft. 
The creator seeks companions, not corpses -- and not herds or believers either. The creator seeks fellow-creators 
The awakened one, the knowing one, says: "Body am I entirely, and nothing more; and soul is only the name of something about the body." 
I'll sing my song to the lonesome and to the twosome;whoever who still has ears for the unheard,I'll make his heart heavy with my happiness 
Kbaker91 My pleasure 
antheajk Nice one RT antheajk it is through the course of the journey into the center of a nightmare that blooms dreams 
I tell you: one must still have chaos in oneself, to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you have still chaos in yourselves. 
Once blasphemy against God was the greatest blasphemy; but God died, and those blasphemers died along with him.  
Earth is yet free for great souls.There are still many empty sites for the lonesome and the twosome,surrounded by the fragrance of calm seas 
kethly The Self says to the mind: Feel pain! the mind suffers,  thinks how it may put an end to suffering,that is why it is made to think 
Behold good and just! Whom do they hate most? The man who breaks their tablets of values, the breaker, the lawbreaker: yet he is the creator 
Behind your thoughts and feelings there is a mighty lord, an unknown sage -- it is called Self; it dwells in your body, it is your body. 
To steal many from the herd, that is my purpose. The ppl and the herd will be angry with me: the shepherds shall call Zarathustra a robber 
"There they stand; there they laugh: they do not understand me; I am not the mouth for these ears." Thus Spoke Zaratustra 
I love him who desires not too many virtues. 1 virtue is more of a virtue than 2, because it is more of a knot for one's destiny to cling to 
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not a goal: what is lovable in man is that he is an over-going and a down-going. 
Prilimpi Nice one 
Amor Fati  Love Your Fate, which is in fact your life. 
He who has a "why" to live can bear almost any "how". 
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. 
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist. Twilight of the Idols (1888) 
"Without music, life would be a mistake." Twilight of the Idols (1888) 
We have already gone beyond whatever we have words for. In all talk there is a grain of contempt. 
I teach you the Overman! He is that sea; in him your great contempt can go under. 
In truth, man is a polluted river. One must be a sea to receive a polluted river without becoming defiled. 
Mankind is something to be overcome. What have you done to overcome mankind? 
The most dangerous follower is he whose defection would destroy the whole party: that is to say, the best follower. 
Morality is: the mediocre are worth more than the exceptions... 
How could you want to become new without first becoming ashes?" Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
My formula for greatness in a human being is amor fati:that one wants nothing to be different,not forward,not backward,not in all eternity 
Digressions, objections, delight in mockery, carefree mistrust are signs of health; everything unconditional belongs in pathology. 
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. 
"To become what one is, one must not have the faintest idea what one is." Ecce Homo 
"You great star, what would your happiness be had you not those for whom you shine?" Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
"It is true: we love life not because we are used to living, but because we are used to loving." Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
"There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy." Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
Man is a rope, fastened between animal and Supermana rope over an abyss. 
brownez You should recommend The Gay Science 
Against boredom even gods struggle in vain.................. 
The very word "Christianity" is a misunderstanding - in truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross. 
Lou Salome holding a Whip, Paul Ree  Nietzsche, 1882 The Holy Trinity 
Going to women? Don't forget the whip..  
I understand by 'freedom of spirit' something quite definite - the unconditional will to say No, where it is dangerous to say No. 
The more one seeks to rise into height and light, the more vigorously do ones roots struggle earthward, downward, into the dark, the deep 
"I would only believe in a God that knows how to dance." Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
fernandesnathan Nice mustache. 
One must pay dearly for immortality; one has to die several times while still alive.  
It is my ambition to say in ten sentences what everyone else says in a whole book - what everyone else does not say in a whole book. 
Madness is the exception in individuals but the rule in groups. 
He who fights w/ monsters should look to it that himself doesnt become a monster. when u gaze long into an abyss the abyss also gazes into u 
"Truth. - No one now dies of fatal truths: there are too many antidotes to them." Human, all too Human 
"We are always in our own company." The Gay Science 
"Brave, unconcerned, mocking, violent-thus wisdom wants us: she is a woman, and loves only a warrior." Thus spoke Zarathustra 
"A labyrinthine man never seeks the truth, but only his Ariadne" 
