text 
Did Mary Pat Christie Roll Her Eyes During Trump's Comment About Women? 
Barring Something Unforeseen, Hillary Clinton Will Be The Democratic Nominee 
Special Election Coverage: The April 26 Northeast Primaries 
Sanders campaign: "we are in this race until the last vote is cast" b/c voters should pick president amp; Dem agenda 
Catch up on the race here amp; see results at 
Trump: If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she'd get 5 percent of the vote. 
Just In: Hillary Clinton wins Democratic primary in Connecticut, per AP projection. 
Trump speaking now in NYC after sweeping all 5 Northeast states that voted today: 
Trump: I'll do far more for women than Hillary Clinton ever did. 
Trump: Hillary Clinton does not have the stamina to deal with China 
What each candidate on GOP side would need for GOP nomination on 1st ballot. Cruz/Kasich eliminated from that 
LISTEN: Trump speaking now in NYC (Earlier, he was TIME 100 gala gettyimages) 
Just in: Chris Van Hollen beats Donna Edwards in Maryland Democratic Senate primary. 
It's official, tedcruz now mathematically eliminated from winning the GOP nomination on first ballot. Only Trump can (from DomenicoNPR) 
Connecticut results still out, but Clinton has strengthened her lead tonight: 
Clinton talked a lot about Democratic unity tonight: 
PHOTOS: Northeast primary See results and candidate speeches here: 
LISTEN: Clinton speaking now in Pennsylvania. Speech here: 
Breaking: Bernie Sanders projected winner of Rhode Island. 
AP projects Clinton the winner of the Democratic primary in Pennsylvania. 
Heard on air: (Listen at 
Trump is nearly at 60 in every state that voted today, save for MD yet (results delayed until 9, projections based on exit polls) 
Update: realDonaldTrump sweeps all 5 Northeastern states, HillaryClinton wins in Delaware and Maryland 
We're live with our CT, MD, PA, RI amp; DE elections special, hosted by nprAudie amp; scottdetrow. Listen here: 
The latest tonight -- Trump wins in Connecticut, Maryland and Pennsylvania; Clinton Wins Maryland Primary 
'Acela Primary' Results: 5 States Go To The Polls In Consequential Voting Day 
Wine $$, campaign fundraising scandal, romantic conflicts of interest--these down ballot races have plenty of drama 
Cruz rally tonight  Hossiers gym 
Read about wine $$, campaign $ fraud allegations and more non-presidential contest drama: 
How far could Trump get tonight? 
E-mail from Bernie Sanders camp: 
VIDEO: Chocolate Bars With A Political Bite 
What Harriet Tubman, Prince and Beyonc Can Teach Us About Politics 
Tuesday Primaries: 4 Things We're Watching In 5 States 
Campaign Mystery: Why Don't Bernie Sanders' Big Rallies Lead To Big Wins? 
5 Other Contests To Watch In Tuesday's Primaries 
Harvard Poll: Millennials Yearn For Bernie, But Prefer Clinton To Trump 
Ahead Of Sentencing, Ex-Speaker Dennis Hastert Is Sued Over Hush Money 
FACT CHECK: Bernie Sanders And Whether Poor Americans Vote 
The Cruz-Kasich Deal: Will Their Alliance Against Trump Work? 
Race, Gender Roil Maryland Senate Democratic Primary 
Cruz And Kasich Announce Joint Strategy To Block Trump 
President Obama To Announce U.S. Is Sending 250 Military Personnel To Syria 
A Nation Engaged: Trade Stirs Up Sharp Debate In This Election Cycle 
Why Tuesday Could Determine The Nominees In Both Presidential Primaries 
This Candidate Is Spending More Than Anyone Ever For A Seat In Congress 
What Politicians Can Learn From Comedians On How To Deal With Protesters 
Sanders Adviser Says Campaign May Have To 'Reevaluate' After Tuesday 
Sign up for the nprpolitics newsletter. Fresh edition tomorrow at 8! 
See what the law is in your state: 
Your Friday 'aww' Obama and Prince William with young Prince George 
Virginia's Governor Just Gave 206,000 Ex-Felons The Right To Vote 
More Obama on Prince here: 
Like Everyone Else, Obama Woke Up Friday Morning And Played Prince's 'Purple Rain' 
Re: transgender laws in NC amp; Miss, Obama speaking in UK says ppl would be welcomed if they visit but he doesn't agree with laws. 
Obama on UK/EU referendum: "I'm not casting any votes, I'm offering my opinion ... you shouldn't be afraid to hear an argument being made" 
 
Obama: I don't believe the EU moderates British influence, it magnifies it. 
Politics Podcast: She's Got Hot Sauce In Her Bag (Swag) 
Obamas in London today: 
As A Contested Convention Looms, Republicans Punt On Rules Changes 
Donald Trump And George Wallace: Riding The Rage 
The View From Appalachia: The Pull To Get Out And Come Back Home 
"Nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative" Obama said on the passing of  
New Overtime Rules May Put Squeeze On Caregivers For Those With Disabilities 
Who Still Supports Andrew Jackson? 
President Obama's statement on the passing of Prince 
Trump Calls For GOP To Moderate Its Platform On Abortion 
The next NPR Politics podcast is coming ... and now available on Google Play too! 
ICYMI: Here's how a contested convention might work, round-by-round, from JessicaTaylor 
These Two Friends Love Donald Trump So Much, They Wrote Him A Song 
Show's Over? Trump Pledges To Be "So Presidential You Will Be So Bored" 
 Harriet Tubman And The Evolution Of Internet Phenomena 
Looking toward a potential contested convention, here's what might happen and how things might move: 
Racial Awakening, Pride And Fear: One Latino Perspective On "The Obama Effect" 
For Tenn. Gov. Weighing Therapist Religious Objection Bill, It's All About Values 
Here's A Round-By-Round Guide To A Contested GOP Convention 
U.S. Ranks 41st In Press Freedom Index Thanks To 'War On Whistleblowers' 
Support For Legal Pot Is High. But It Might Not Stay There 
Why Voters Are Removed From The Rolls, Explained 
Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the $20 
$$ News from the Treasury today: 
Here's what BernieSanders amp; Trump need now moving forward: 
Kasich didn't go home empty handed: 
Clinton did well in Brooklyn: 
It was true again in NY: 
Catch up on the  on your commute with our new podcast ep: 
5 Headlines That Explain The New York Primaries 
World's Steel Makers To China: Time To Cut The Glut 
Reflecting On The Death Of Freddie Gray, One Year Later 
After New York Wins, Trump And Clinton Look Forward To Knock Out Round Ahead 
Special Election Coverage: The New York Primary 
Watch the  results come in for Democrats: and Republicans: 
Here's where Republicans stand in the  Dem results here: 
Questions for nprpolitics tonight? Tweet us! 
Want to see  results LIVE? Check out NPR's election site 
LISTEN: Results, Analysis And Audio Coverage with scottdetrow DomenicoNPR MaraLiasson 
The scene at Clinton HQ from tamarakeithNPR: 
Media scene at Trump Tower, where Trump is expected to speak soon. NPR's sarahmccammon there 
Donald Trump has won the New York primary, according to AP projection. 
New York Primary: Trump, Clinton Hope For Big Wins To Solidify Leads 
From Trump's campaign manager: 
After More Than 100,000 Voters Dropped In Brooklyn, City Officials Call For Action 
Tonight Donald Trump will be at Trump Tower in NYC: 
We'll be everywhere tonight! Follow the for the results, updates, live audio + FB live! 
Why is Clinton winning states w/ most income inequality? Doesn't necessarily mean she's most appealing on the issue 
Bernie Sanders is at Penn State tonight. Follow wpsu for updates: 
Breaking Up The Banks May Be More Complicated Than It Seems 
Sanders Has Been Losing In States Where Income Inequality Is Worse 
EXPLAINER: Bernie Sanders On Hillary Clinton's Joint Fundraising Committee 
What Are Kids Learning From This Presidential Election? 
 Follow us starting at 9 p.m. tonight online and on-air for live coverage of tonight's  
Today's the  Get caught up on the demographics at play with asmamk 
No raises for Congress... 
Out Of The Horror In Oklahoma City, Merrick Garland Forged The Way Forward 
New York Preview: Clinton, Trump Look To Home State To Help Put Races Away 
Plenty Of Friction Expected During Obama's Visit To Saudi Arabia 
China Killed 1 Million U.S. Jobs, But Don't Blame Trade Deals 
Supreme Court Weighs Obama's Executive Action On Immigration 
Trade Matters In 2016; This May Help You Understand Why 
In Close Race, 'Unprecedented' Push For Asian-American Voters Comes To N.Y. 
Why Candidates Are Out Of Sync With How Americans Really Feel About Trade 
Solitary Confinement Is What Destroyed My Son, Grieving Mom Says 
George Clooney On A Big Money Difference Between Clinton And Sanders 
Despite Steep Odds, DeRay Mckesson Draws Lessons From Mayoral Bid 
After Factory Plant Closures, Job Loss, A Small NY Town Struggles To Bounce Back 
Turnout And A Trim: Bid To Boost Black Men's Voting Heads To The Barbershop 
The Disappearing Middle: Electorate Way Less Moderate Than Past Primaries 
Hillary Clinton, The 'Gender Card' And What It Could Mean In November 
 Shouting Politicans 
 Efforts Could Take Tips From 2011 Correspondents Dinner 
Obama Urges Opening Cable TV Boxes To Competition 
Sanders Takes His Message To The Vatican 
Will The Republican Party Be Remade In Trump's Image? 
Why Trump Supporters Have Declared War On Colorado's Republican Party 
The View From Illinois: Voters Frustrated That Government Is Broken 
Latest And Perhaps Last Debate Highlights Animosity Of Sanders, Clinton 
'New York Values?' Fuhgeddaboudit. GOP Candidates Show Their Love 
Grassroots Group Born Of Obama Campaign Now Helps Push His Causes 
The 9th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (And 3 Videos) 
ICYMI: What happened in tonight's  
What did you think about tonight's  Sanders and Clinton took off the gloves  did it change your mind? 
Important note: The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) is different than the national party (DNC) 
Sanders when asked why he hasn't done more to support the Democratic party or his Democratic colleagues: 
On  : 
(2/2) Sanders: I would only nominate someone who would repeal Citizens United 
(1/2) Q: Would you ask Obama to withdraw his nomination for SCOTUS if Judge Garland is not approved? Sanders: Yes. 
 Fact-Check on Sanders' promises of free college: 
Clinton responds: NATO countries need to pay more, but as president, she wouldn't leave the alliance if they didn't 
Hillary Clinton responding to Sanders' critiques of her work on climate change: 
Update from the GOP gala: 
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders lies about her connection to the fossil fuel industry. Here's the fact-check: 
Clinton: "I'm sorry for the consequences that were unintended [of the 1994 crime bill]." Lost? Get caught up: 
Bernie Sanders when asked about how he would implement his proposals to lower incarceration levels across the U.S.: 
Referring to their comments on minimum wage from earlier this evening 
samsanders lisa_speaks Tell us more! 
Follow sarahmccammon for live updates from the GOP gala: 
Meanwhile at the N.Y. State GOP gala: 
tamarakeithNPR Clinton looks toward incremental change; Sanders toward immediate change 
Important fact-check on Sanders record with guns: 
 Sanders shocked when Clinton claims she's "for the fight for $15" 
Sanders and Clinton have continued to cut each other off in discussing minimum wage: 
The politeness is over. Here's what we are watching in tonight's  
ICYMI: 
After Hillary Clinton said she called out the banks, Bernie Sanders responded: 
Hillary Clinton responds to Bernie Sanders by pivoting away from her speeches, toward releasing tax returns. 
Clinton, Sanders Face Off in Brooklyn Debate 
 Follow live updates and analysis of tonight's  with DaviSusan 
Only minutes in to tonight's  it's clear the gloves are off: 
Next question goes to Sanders about her judgement and whether she is qualified to be president: 
And the  has begun. Follow along with us here on twitter and online at 
Prosecutor Insists He Dropped Trump Campaign Manager Charges 'Solely On The Facts' 
Why Republicans In The Bronx And Other Deep-Blue Districts Are Suddenly So Popular 
Sanders Denounces Surrogate's 'Corporate Democratic Whores' Comment At Rally 
GOP Delegate: Trump Primary Wins "Absolutely Irrelevant" At Convention 
Understanding Bernie Sanders' Foreign Policy Approach 
Democratic Debate: Is Politeness Over? Here Are 4 Things To Watch 
The Next Encryption Battleground: Congress 
Donald Trump's Campaign Manager Won't Be Prosecuted For Battery 
Understanding Bernie Sanders' Foreign Policy Approach 
When It Comes To Terms Like 'Colored People's Time,' Context Matters 
An Atypical Political Spouse, Melania Trump Steps Into The Campaign Spotlight 
 LISTEN: Amazing new podcast with NinaTotenberg about the breaking the Hill/Thomas story: 
On Policing And Crime, DeRay Mckesson Gets Lots Of Retweets. Can He Get Votes? 
'Don't Be Mean' Beer: 36 N.C. Breweries Sign Up To Sell Brew Aimed At HB2 
Bernie Sanders Picks Up First Endorsement From A Senate Colleague 
The Real Story Of Breaking Anita Hill's Claim, And The Explosion That Followed 
The Case For John Kasich 
As Hollywood Stars Can Attest, It's Good To Be A Man On Payday 
nprpolitics correx: *woman, hed has been changed on the story. 
This Woman Stopped A Donald Trump Project  But Wants Him To Be President 
This Women Stopped A Donald Trump Project  But Wants Him To Be President 
Political Gridlock Blocks Missouri Database For Fighting Drug Abuse 
Justice Dept: 'Devastating Consequences' When Tech Exported To The Wrong Hands 
Paul Ryan To Announce, Yet Again, He Will Not Run For President 
Clinton And De Blasio Land 'CP Time' Joke With Unfortunate Timing 
5 Key Demographics In The New York Primary 
Tell us and tamarakeithNPR : 
Hundreds Protesting Political System Arrested On Capitol's Steps 
Texas Attorney General, Already Facing Criminal Charges, Accused Of Civil Fraud 
Can A Candidate Pay Delegates? Plus, 3 Possible GOP Convention Scenarios 
See where your state ranks: 
Ping samsanders if this is you: 
Wondering how to send questions to the nprpolitics podcast? Email us! 
Will President Obama Visit Hiroshima? 
See Where Women Have The Most And Least Political Representation In The US 
Is It OK To Vote For Clinton Because She's a woman? An 8-Year-Old Weighs In 
Talking Housing Segregation And Chicago With WBEZ's Natalie Y. Moore 
'Boston Globe' Runs Fake Front Page Detailing A Donald Trump World 
"What this says for the Trump campaign is, you need to get your stuff in gear." 
On NPRWeekend today: 
A Former Mexican President Looks At Trump And Sees A 'Dictator' 
Cruz Puts Another Hurdle On Trump's Path To GOP Nomination 
Some Blacks Did Support Bill Clinton's Crime Bill. Here's Why 
Showing More Hustle Than Trump, Cruz Set To Make Delegate Gains In Colorado 
Wyoming Democrats Prep For Caucuses, With Hopes For High Turnout 
Politics Podcast: Eyeing New York, And Wine Ice Cream Inspired By Hillary Clinton 
Week In Politics: Wisconsin Primary, 'Religious Freedom' Bills 
 Hillary Clinton, The New York Subway And Authenticity 
Sanders Supporter Creates Superdelegate 'Hit List'; Superdelegates Not Amused 
Bill Clinton Recasts Black Lives Matter Protest Clash As 'Example' 
Roundup: Reactions To Bill Clinton's Exchange With Black Lives Matter Protesters 
Bernie Sanders Accepts An Invitation From The Pope 
Debate Commentary Light On Political Money Talk 
Bill Clinton Gets Into Heated Exchange With Black Lives Matter Protester 
The View From Mexico On Donald Trump 
Donald Trump To Make A Traditional Move: Opening A D.C. Office 
Samantha Bee On 'Full Frontal,' Feminism And The Freedom Of Her 40s 
Special Election Coverage: The Wisconsin Primary 
FYI: 
Democratic Race Turns Negative As Sanders and Clinton Spar Over Experience 
Will Cruz's Distaste For 'New York Values' Hurt Him With New York Voters? 
Officials Scrutinized Over Classified Information, But Rarely Found Criminal 
What Keeps Election Officials Up At Night? Fear Of Long Lines At The Polls 
FACT CHECK: More On Hillary Clinton And Fossil Fuel Industry Contributions 
Key context to the nomination race moving forward: 
After Wisconsin, Demographics Suggest Rougher Terrain For Sanders, Cruz 
White House To Financial Advisers: Put Savers' Interests First 
Fasten Your Seatbelts, It's Going To Be A Bumpy Ride To Both Conventions 
Get caught up! 
Trump campaign statement on Wisconsin results: 
Last quote from Ted Cruz in the  tonight: 
JUST IN: Bernie Sanders projected to win Wisconsin, according to AP. Follow audio analysis and results: 
JUST IN: Ted Cruz is projected to win Wisconsin primary, according to The Associated Press. 
And tune in for a special live show on the NPR Politics FB page with NPRrelving, samsanders and asmamk  915 ET. 
Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders are hoping for big nights tonight after strong gains in the Wisconsin polls. 
Where is Hillary Clinton tonight? 
Can Trump capture the GOP nomination tonight? No and probably not anytime soon. More: 
Wisconsin Primary: Cruz, Sanders Look To Stop Their Leading Rivals 
nprpolitics asmamk CORRECTION: By Muslim ban, we were referring to Trump's proposed ban on Musllim immigration 
Per asmamk preliminary exit polls show 7/10 GOP primary voters support the Muslim ban in Wisconsin. 
 voters did you have trouble at the polls today? We'd love to hear about them. 
Tune in for live results and updates at 
View from tedcruz HQ tonight: 
New game: relving knows everything about Wisconsin and politics. So let's try to  Send us your questions for FB live at 9:15pm ET 
How Will Trump The Brand Survive Trump The Candidate? 
NOW: Everything about delegates answered via FB live w/ DomenicoNPR amp; scottdetrow 
Trump's Plan To 'Make Mexico Pay' For The Wall 
sarakgoo DomenicoNPR scottdetrow white board WALL! 
3pm: Political Ed DomenicoNPR amp; Campaign Reporter scottdetrow answer your delegate questions! Tweet us amp; tune in 
Trump's Path Won't Lead To The GOP Nomination Anytime Soon 
Wisconsin Primary Preview: Cruz, Sanders Hope For Wins To Seize Momentum 
Once Ruled By Washington Insiders, Campaign Finance Reform Goes Grassroots 
Trump And Cruz Find Common Ground  Kasich Should Go 
Catch up w/ sarahmccammon amp; tamarakeith on Facebook live. Watch it here: 
Send your ??s for politics reporters tamarakeithNPR amp; sarahmccammon. Answers via FB live! 
SOON: tamarakeithNPR amp; sarahmccammon on facebook LIVE ahead of tonight's Trump amp; Sanders rallies in  
Views from the trail with tamarakeithNPR covering BernieSanders in Wisconsin: 
nprpolitics Thanks y'all! We're working up a schedule + will keep you posted. 
Wisconsin's primary is poised to deal a real blow to at least one if not both front-runners tomorrow. 
 ruled on just who "the people" are that are the source of political authority. 
Both campaigns insist it's the other side that's holding things up, but also can't agree. 
Of course there'll be another debate between the Democratic candidates. But when and where? 
7 Proposed Dates, But No Agreement As Clinton And Sanders Spar Over Next Debate 
Supreme Court Rejects Challenge To 'One Person, One Vote' 
Small Donors Power And Inspire The Sanders Campaign 
Wisconsin, Long The Front-Runner's Friend, Looks To Play Spoiler On Tuesday 
Have you liked NPR Politics on FB? We're live this weekend from Wisconsin! tamarakeithNPR scottdetrow sarahmccammon 
FACT CHECK: The White House's Private-Sector Job Streak 
Wisconsin Could Be Scott Walker's Quiet Revenge On Donald Trump 
House GOP's 2010 'Tea Party' Class Heads For The Exits 
Frustrated With Campaign Rhetoric, Muslims Turn To Political Activism 
In California, A 'Welcome Home' For The Japanese-American Queer Community 
Has Bernie Sanders Pulled Hillary Clinton To The Left? 
Bernie Sanders, Beats By Dr. Dre Headphones And Hot 97 
swisekennedy NPR Good question! BernieSanders? 
okeykeke NPR We did! Here's an updated version of the story: 
Bernie Sanders, Beats By Dr. Dre Headphones And Hot 95 
Women Have A Problem With Donald Trump  And It's Huge 
What to know about Donald Trump's foreign policy approach: 
LISTEN: This week's political roundup with campaigning, Pizza-Gaffes and Controversies 
Trump Says He Can Unify The GOP, But Polls Suggest Otherwise 
Ahead Of Tuesday's Primary, Ted Cruz Gains Strength In Wisconsin 
Politics Podcast: Campaign, And Pizza, Controversies 
FACT CHECK: Hillary Clinton And Donations From Fossil Fuel Companies 
4 Things To Know About Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Approach 
The True Story Of A Fake Presidential Candidate 
How The 'Trump Factor' Could Put House Seats In Play For Democrats 
Congratulations to npratc co-host kellymcevers + team on today's launch!  Listen in to  
We live in two different Americas via Pew. asmamk explains 
From the campaign trail with Bill Clinton today: 
Bill Clinton is back on the campaign trail as polls tighten in N.Y. Follow samsanders for a view from the trail: 
LISTEN: How Bernie Sanders has pushed Hillary Clinton left: 
3 Reasons Why Trump's Abortion Comments Are Dangerous For His Campaign 
Ask us your questions, and well try to answer them. Twitter chats coming soon. 
Question: What are you curious about this election? An issue, a candidate, where in Texas NPR reporter Sam Sanders is from? 
Trump Calls For Punishing Women Who Have Abortions, Then Backtracks 
Trump releases a second, longer statement saying his, "position has not changed" on abortion: 
 Were going to start a series of Twitter chats, but before we do, were curious what you want to chat about. Let us know. 
Fan of NPR Politics podcast co-host samsanders? Here's what he's been into lately: 
Donald Trump discusses what would happen if he is elected and abortion is banned in an MSNBC town hall airing 2nite: 
Perspective from voters on the state of this campaign: 
Border Patrol Union Endorses Donald Trump 
 has ordered more legal briefs in last week's birth control case. What it means: 
Hillary Clinton raising the roof to "Fight Song" after her speech at the Apollo Theater in Harlem today. QT: 
Every election people swear they will move to Canada if candidate so-and-so wins. Do they? 
Ted Cruz is campaigning in Wisconsin today. Follow sarahmccammon for updates: 
JUST IN: President Obama has commuted the sentences of 61 prisoners serving time for drug-related offenses. More soon. 
Why did Trump reverse his pledge to support the GOP nominee? "Fairness" and "leverage." More 
The scene from HillaryClinton event at the Apollo. 
Is there ever a mass movement to Canada after elections? Kind of. More: 
Hillary Clinton is campaigning in Harlem today. Follow samsanders for the latest: 
Do Americans Actually Follow Through On Election Threats To Move To Canada? 
Why Donald Trump Reversed His Pledge To Support The GOP Nominee 
Trump Abandons Pledge To Support Republican Nominee 
Supreme Court Orders More Briefs On Birth Control, Hoping To Prevent Tie 
Trump has pushed the boundaries of political speech through what he says and leaves unsaid. 
Follow JessicaTaylor to follow what Donald Trump is saying to reporters live: 
The view ahead of Trump's rally this evening in Wisconsin. Follow sarahmccammon for more: 
ICYMI: Who is Donald Trump's campaign manager, anyway? 
'Only A Deviant Would Think That'  Trump And The Power Of Innuendo 
ICYMI: Why the fight for the Democratic nomination might just go on until June: 
More on the difference between "assault" and "battery" from DomenicoNPR: 
Donald Trump's reaction to his campaign manager being charged with battery. More: 
WATCH: Police release video amp; report charging Trump's campaign manager with battery 
Trump's campaign manager CLewandowski_ 's initial response: 
Trump Campaign Manager Charged With Battery 
Ahead of the Wisconsin primary, Gov. Scott Walker endorsed Ted Cruz, but will it help? 
Wisconsin Gov. Walker Endorses Ted Cruz, But Will It Help? 
nprpolitics Reporter says Trump's campaign manager yanked her arm amp; nearly pulled her to the ground following a Trump speech on March 8. 
 has deadlocked on a 4-4 vote in a major labor case. This is the second tie since Scalia's passing. 
Donald Trump, known for his litigious ways, has set his sights on a new target; the GOP: 
Obama chided the media Monday night for 2016 election coverage: 
Trump Threatens Lawsuit Over Louisiana Delegates 
President Obama Chides Media For 2016 Election Coverage 
JUST IN: Scott Walker endorses Ted Cruz for president 
Atlanta Businesses Again Lead Push Against Social Conservatives 
 No, Bernie Sanders Isn't Just Winning With White People 
Politics Podcast: Bernie Wins Big On Saturday 
Clinton on SCOTUS: 
Georgia Governor Set To Veto 'Religious Liberty' Bill. Here's Why 
Law enforcement starting to leave the U.S. Capitol after the the lockdown is lifted. 
JUST IN: U.S. Capitol Police locking down the entire U.S. Capitol Complex due to a potential security threat. 
nprpolitics Hint: Sometimes it pays to have a boring day job. 
Wonder why Garland's judicial record slips through critics' fingers? The answer: 
ICYMI: A Passport to Cuba with HorsleyScott 
Are you a Bernie Sanders supporter who has donated recently? tamarakeithNPR and samsanders would like to chat 
Listen in to johnson_carrie talking Civil Rights this morning on drshow: 
A Look At Garland's Judicial Record Reveals Few Hot Buttons 
Despite The Math, Bernie Sanders Has Already Won 
Democratic Voters Gather To Caucus In Alaska, Hawaii And Washington State 
Bird Visits Bernie Sanders Rally, Sparks Delight On Twitter 
A Passport To Cuba 
 Twitter, Turning 10 
Trump's Promise To 'Open Up' Libel Laws Unlikely To Be Kept 
Tabloid Allegations Again Fly In A Political Campaign  And Why No One Can Look Away 
Politics Podcast: A Tango In Argentina and Trump's Tricked-Out 757 
Indiana Governor Signs New Abortion Restrictions Into Law 
IRS And Cybercriminals Step Up Spy Vs. Spy Efforts. Who's Winning? 
Ahead Of Potentially Volatile GOP Convention, Cleveland Readies for Protests 
For Some SuperPACs Backing Ted Cruz, It's Time To Unite Against Trump 
Biden Concedes Obama Nominated More Moderate Judge To Win Over Republicans 
Cruz Hits Trump Over Attacks On His Wife: 'You Are A Sniveling Coward' 
From The NPR Archives: Interviews With The Presidential Candidates 
Time Warner, Others Join Disney In Opposing Georgia's 'Religious-Liberty' Bill 
Atlantic City Faces Financial Collapse, Cringes At State Takeover 
This 20-Year-Old Clinton Interview About Goldwater, Whitewater Echoes Today 
Atlantic City Faces Financial Collapse; Cringes At State Takeover 
In This GOP Primary, You Can Win The State But Only Get A Few Delegates 
Stopping Trump Won't Be So Easy. Here's Why, In One Chart 
Listen To 5 Interviews From NPR's Western Tuesday Special 
President Obama dismissing Ted Cruz's call to "patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods" in the U.S. 
Clinton Takes On Cruz And Trump Foreign Policy 
Ted Cruz gets criticism from Obama, NYPD Commis, Mayor for comments about patrolling muslims 
Ted Cruz Criticized After Suggesting Law Enforcement Patrol Muslim Areas 
Speaking today, Paul Ryan took aim at the nature of American politics. 
Ryan: Americans 'Shouldn't Accept Ugliness' In Politics 'As The Norm' 
ICYMI: Listen to the latest NPR Politics podcast quick take where we dive into last night's  results 
Independent Investigators: State Officials Mostly To Blame For Flint Water Crisis 
LISTEN: Trump Foreign Policy Adviser Hopes To Talk Him Out Of Torture: 
Speaker Ryan on criminal justice: 
Speaker Paul Ryan speaking on the "state of American politics." Follow DaviSusan for live updates: 
ICYMI: Sanders and Cruz claimed  victories, but not in Arizona More: 
Jeb Bush has endorsed Texas Senator Ted Cruz for president. 
Jeb Bush Endorses Ted Cruz For President 
LISTEN: Trump Foreign Policy Adviser Hopes to Talk Him Out of Torture 
Birth Control At The Supreme Court: Does Free Coverage Violate Religious Freedom? 
 Clinton And Sanders, Trump And Cruz Trade Wins 
Evangelicals Key To Republican Support For Israel 
Kasich supporter ex-UT Gov. Mike Leavitt: "I think temperament is an issue, not just in Utah but in other places. 
LIVE: Special coverage online and on-air with scottdetrow and DomenicoNPR of tonight's  starts now. 
Western Tuesday: Candidates Fight For Delegates In Arizona, Idaho And Utah 
Results from  are expected soon in   amp;  follow along with JessicaTaylor here 
Aside from the GOP in Utah,  polls have closed. Follow live results at 
Corrected link here: Our livestream starts at 11 p.m. EST! 
Join us for live coverage starting at 11p.m. ET. on-air or online at 
It's  How many delegates are at stake? Get caught up on what to watch: 
Tonights contests wont be decisive for either party, but they may shift the momentum. Get caught up at: 
After  Trump and Clinton sealed their front-runner statuses. Get caught up: 
With high turnout, can Donald Trump rewrite the electoral map for the GOP? 
 Trump has held a lead in polls going into today's Arizona contest, but it's closed which has favored Cruz in the past. 
So far, the GOP has had consistently higher turnout than the Dems. 
Wondering whats happened since  And where the race currently stands? Get caught up at 
How The Obama Presidency Has  Or Hasn't  Shaped Latino Identity: You Weighed In 
 The biggest prize for the GOP is winner-take-all Arizona. Get caught up at 
 3 states vote and 1 territory vote today, with 256 delegates up for grabs. 
No, The Terrorist Attacks In Belgium Don't Mean Donald Trump Will Be President 
 
Presidential Race Moves West Tuesday To Arizona, Utah And Idaho 
Arizona Primary: Native Americans Could Be Key For Democrats 
Follow responses from presidential candidates and elected officials: 
More updates on responses from elected officials and presidential candidates from samsanders: 
This comment is in addition to Cruz's original statement on  earlier this morning. 
Cruz calls for "law enforcement to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized." 
Continued response from Gov. Kasich to the terrorist attacks in  
Attorney General Lynch on  attacks: " We have offered any and all assistance that we can bring to bear." 
Candidate responses to the terrorist attacks in  From Bernie Sanders: 
Sen. Dianne Feinstein responds to  attacks: "We must use all the tools at our disposal to fight back." 
Live updates on responses from elected officials and presidential candidates: 
Candidate responses to the terrorist attacks in  From Hillary Clinton: 
Candidate responses to the terrorist attacks in  From Ted Cruz: 
Candidate responses to the terrorist attacks in  From Donald Trump: 
Candidate responses to the terrorist attacks in  From Ohio Gov. Kasich: 
Concluding his remarks in Havana, Obama: "It is time for us to look forward to the future together." 
Speaking in Havana, Obama cites this election and politics as "a measure of our progress as a democracy." 
POTUS: "I know that Cuba will always stand out by the talent, pride and hard work of the Cuban people." 
President Obama cites the election while speaking in Havana: 
President Obama: "I'm appealing to the young people of Cuba who will lift something up and build something new." 
President Obama: "There are still enormous problems in our society, but democracy is how we solve them." 
President Obama in Havana: "I believe citizens should be free to speak their minds without fear." 
Terrorist Bombings Strike Brussels: What We Know 
President Obama: "As President of the United States, I have called on our Congress to lift the embargo." 
President Obama spoke to Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel this morning: 
Obama: For those who wonder why open relations now, it's because "what the United States was doing was not working." 
After listing similarities, POTUS "We cannot and should not ignore the very real differences that we have." 
POTUS speaking in Havana: "I have come here to bury the last remnants of the Cold War in the Americas." 
WATCH: Pres. Obama speaking live in Havana 
POTUS on  "The thoughts and the prayers of the American people are with the people in Belgium. We stand in solidarity with them." 
President Obama on the  attacks: "This is yet another reminder that the world must unite." 
U.S. Officials And Politicians React To Brussels Attacks 
Learning  And Unlearning  To Be An 'Ambassador' For Islam 
Bernie Sanders Won Democrats Abroad...But Who Are They? 
Obama And Castro Share An Awkward Handshake In Cuba After Historic Meeting 
Mr. Trump Comes To Washington To Begin GOP Outreach, Promote New Hotel 
Are Stun Guns Protected By Second Amendment? Supreme Court Suggests Yes 
Trump on violence at rallies: 
The West Wing podcast is real: 
Fact-check on Trump's "millions" more votes: 
From Trump's afternoon presser in D.C.: 
Obama's Cuba Visit Raises The Question Of Guantanamo Bay's Future 
How can Trump win this fall? NPRinskeep chats with RogerJStoneJr : 
How Can Trump Win This Fall? Destroy Clinton, His Past Adviser Says 
Clinton, Trump, Kasich and Cruz are all speaking at AIPAC today. 
For Trump, AIPAC Speech Provides Foreign Policy Test 
From samsanders 
NPR's HorsleyScott is in Cuba with POTUS 
President Obama Touches Down In Cuba, Commencing A Historic Visit 
Young Republicans Ponder Trump's Lasting Impact On The GOP 
Surprise: Americans Kind Of Like Trade 
Yes, Clinton's Gotten The Most Votes, But GOP Has More Overall 
Think Twice Before Telling A Woman To Smile 
Will The Supreme Court Nomination Fight Cost This Senator His Seat? 
Ahead Of Arizona Primary, Business Community Fears Trump Will Inspire Backlash 
After Reaching Out His Hand, President Obama Will Step Foot In Cuba 
Politics Podcast: A Sad Trombone And A Supreme Court Nominee 
Mitt Romney Will Vote For Ted Cruz In Hopes Of Stopping Trump 
Can Donald Trump Rewrite The Electoral Map For The GOP? 
potus says Senate GOP vow not to consider SCOTUS nomination could have profound consequences for high court. 
POTUS + SCOTUS + NinaTotenberg WATCH/READ: 
WATCH/READ NPR's interview with potus on the reasoning behind his SCOTUS pick: 
WATCH: potus says positive reviews from GOP re: Merrick Garland factored into decision: Exclusive /NinaTotenberg 
Transcript And Video: President Obama's Interview With NPR's Nina Totenberg 
Trump Picks Up Anti-Immigration Endorsement Before Arizona Primary 
Federal Judge Retires As 'Bad Lapse In Judgment' With 16-Year-Old Surfaces 
Obama: Refusal To Consider Nominee Damages Public's Faith In The Judiciary 
Snoop Dogg Makes Romanian Village Famous With Instagram Mistake 
Missouri Victory Gives Clinton A Belated Mega Tuesday Sweep 
House Endorses Anti-Obama Lawsuit Over Deportations 
 Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of the Missouri primary per AP 
Tune into MorningEdition tomorrow for the interview: 
Federal Judge Retires As 'Bad Lapse in Judgment' With 16-Year-Old Surfaces 
ninatotenberg spoke to President Obama about his SCOTUS pick. Tomorrow morningedition 
Merrick Garland Heads To Capitol Hill For What Could Be A Futile Exercise 
Dem. Sen. Patrick Leahy says GOP should "do their job" 
WATCH: Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder Testifies On The Flint Water Crisis 
Voters Unseat Prosecutors Criticized For Laquan McDonald And Tamir Rice Probes 
White House Makes Full-Court Press To Push Garland As Supreme Court Nominee 
The 'Obama Effect' And Latino Identity: Join Our Twitter Chat 
When it comes to turnout, the tables have turned for the parties. More: 
Sen. Collins when asked if ignoring the  nomination is unconstitutional. For more listen to npratc 
Listen To Presidential Candidates' Speeches From Mega Tuesday 
Last night's results changed the shape of the race for SenSanders and realDonaldTrump : 
Republicans Are Far Outstripping Democrats In Primary Turnout 
CONFIRMED: The GOP debate scheduled for Monday has been cancelled after Trump and Kasich declined to participate. 
LISTEN: Two new podcasts today: (1) on what happened in last night's primaries and (2) on this morning's  
McConnell: Blocking the  is "about a principle, not a person." More reactions 
(5/5): House speaker Paul Ryan, "This has never been about who the nominee is."  
(4/5): Sen. Cornyn, R-Texas, a Senate Judiciary member, "The next President to make the nomination to fill this vacancy." 
(3/5): Sen. Reid, D-Nevada, "I am optimistic that cooler heads will prevail." 
(2/5): Sen. Inhofe, who voted to confirm Garland in 1997, "I will oppose this nomination." 
(1/5) Capitol Hill reacts to the  nomination of Merrick Garland: 
Hillary Clinton's statement of support on Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland: 
McConnell: Blocking Supreme Court Nomination 'About A Principle, Not A Person' 
Listen: NinaTotenberg talking about Obama's  
ICYMI: 
From the Senate floor: 
Sen. McConnell on why the Senate will not review Obama's  nomination: "It is about a principle, not a person." 
Sen. Mitch McConnell speaking now in response to Obama's Supreme Court nomination. 
Merrick Garland choking up as he makes remarks at the Rose Garden after Obama nominated him for the Supreme Court 
Garland: "This is the greatest honor of my life." 
Speaking in the Rose Garden today, Obama praised Garland's ability to bring people together: 
Merrick Garland Has A Reputation Of Collegiality, Record Of Republican Support 
Obama: "We've reached out to every member of the Senate judiciary committee." re: SCOTUS nominee Merrick Garland 
President Obama To Announce Merrick Garland As Supreme Court Nominee 
REPORTABLE: Merrick Garland is Chief Judge of the US court of Appeals for District of Columbia and he's 63 years old. 
5 Headlines For The Morning After Mega Tuesday 
NPR's NinaTotenberg confirms that Judge Merrick Garland will be President Obama's nominee to the US Supreme Court. 
SCOTUSnom coming today: 
Once 'Seduced' By Drug Trade, Former Inmate Now 'Honors My Second Chance' 
5 Mega Tuesday Takeaways: Trump, Clinton Both Building Broad Party Coalitions 
On the Ides Of March, Trump And Clinton See Fates Pointing To Nomination 
Amid Big Wins Tuesday, Clinton Told To 'Smile' During Her Speech 
From SenSanders on Tuesday's results: 
Listen To Interviews From NPR's March 15 Special Broadcast 
JUST IN: Hillary Clinton wins Illinois per AP. 
With results still coming in, here is the most recent delegate count: 
Correction: It was GOP Pollster Stuart Stevens. 
Heard on air: "I'm advocating for Trump losing."  GOP strategist Chris Stevens talking about the path to a GOP nomination 
Listen in to commentary on Cruz's strategy moving forward: 
Ted Cruz speaking to supporters earlier tonight: 
In Michigan, Sanders won with the support of 62 percent of white men, who were one-in-three voters. 
Rubio is out. Trump wins FL, Kasich wins OH. Get caught up: 
Trump needs to win 54 of delegates moving forward; Cruz needs 69. More context: 
Cruz speaking tonight has reiterated his call for those who supported other candidates to join his campaign: 
Per exit polls, Trump won support across all income groups in IL tonight: 
Heard on air: Bernie Sanders on income inequality and the motivation behind his campaign. 
Bernie Sanders speech from tonight now on-air and online. Listen in at: 
Going into tonight, there was very little polling on either party's race in Missouri: 
With 53.3 percent of the vote reporting, Missouri is still too close to call for both parties: 
Bernie Sanders spoke for about 45 mins. "Once again I ask you, think outside of the box. Outside of the status quo." 
Heard on air: Speaking with former Ambassador Francis Rooney, who served under George W. Bush, on Donald Trump: 
Heard on air: "I think it's right that Trump is the only candidate who conceivably could get [enough delegates] before [the convention]." 
Trump speaking to supporters: 
The scene from Trump's event tonight: 
Trump has won Florida and lost Ohio. He will need to win 54 of all the remaining delegates. More: 
Donald Trump has now won Florida, N.C. and Illinois. Kasich won Ohio. Still waiting on Missouri.  
Trump: "As a country, we don't win anymore." 
Listen in: Trump speaking live online and on-air at 
JUST IN: Trump wins in Illinois per AP 
The scene from Kasich's event in Ohio    
JUST IN: AP projects Trump to be the winner of today's North Carolina primary 
Gov. John Kasich is projected to win Ohio.  
Ohio winner John Kasich is now speaking to supporters near Cleveland. 
Republican delegate gains so far tonight. 
Delegate gains on in the Democratic race so far tonight. 
Illinois and Missouri are still up in the air. Live results here: 
Supporters cheer as Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks in West Palm Beach, Fla.  
Pardon for the typo; Kasich, or course. 
And here are the latest Republican results, including the call for Katich in Ohio. 
Here are the Democratic results as they currently stand. 
This is Kasichs first win. The state is winner take-all on the Republican side, so Kasich will be awarded all 66 delegates. 
John Kasich is projected to win the Republican primary in Ohio, according to the Associated Press  defeating Donald Trump. 
We have samsanders live from NPR HQ with election coverage on FB Live now: 
JUST IN: The AP projects Ohio for Clinton 
Clinton wins North Carolina and Florida per AP; leading in Illinois, Ohio and Missouri at 8:28 p.m. 
Marco Rubio Ends His Presidential Campaign 
Listen online and on-air at 
Speaking to supporters after Trump's projected win in Florida: 
Rubio: "We need a new political establishment in our party." 
After Trump wins Florida, Rubio quick to speak. Listen live now at 
Rubio: "The easiest thing, politically in this campaign, is to make people angrier, to make people more frustrated." 
Rubio: "I know that we have a right to enforce our immigration laws, but we also have to have a realistic approach to fix it." 
Rubio: "Don't worry you won't get beat up at our event." After a protester interrupts. 
Marco Rubio speaking now. Listen live at 
Important context for Florida: 
Minutes after polls close, the AP projects Trump and Clinton to win the Florida primary 
Clinton the projected winner on the Democratic side 
JUST IN: Trump is the projected winner in Florida  
The room for Trump's press conference tonight: 
Mega Tuesday Results Poised To Reshape Presidential Race 
Mega Tuesday: Follow NPR's Politics Team On Twitter 
A White Noise Of Negativity: Florida's Political Ads Reviewed 
Ohio in 2 signs: 
Youngstown: Four Decades Of Service As A Political Backdrop 
Trying to get caught up on  or Super Tuesday 2.0? 
Tonight's contests might shift the tide, but these contests won't be over anytime soon. DomenicoNPR explains: 
In Alabama, Teachers School Lawmakers 
Mega Tuesday: Possibly The Most Consequential Day Of Voting Yet 
Be Wary Of Those Hypothetical Match-Up Polls 
Inmates Try To Revive Lawsuit Over Secretive Prison Units 
Why Both The Democratic And Republican Races Are Probably Going To June 
The BuzzFeed BuzzSaw: Why Campaigns Should Fear These 4 Twentysomethings 
Seen outside a Clinton event: 
No, Donald Trump (Probably) Isn't Being Charged With Inciting A Riot 
Sarah Palin's Husband Recovering After Snowmobile Crash 
Moving Air Conditioning Jobs To Mexico Becomes Hot Campaign Issue 
Gaming Association Boasts More NCAA Brackets Than Votes For Next President 
ICYMI: What's happening in Ohio today: 
Trump protesters today in Tampa: 
Reporter And Editor Resign From Breitbart Site Over Alleged Assault At Trump Event 
What's the potential impact for  tomorrow? DomenicoNPR explains: 
WH meeting today: 
How Single Women Are Transforming American Politics 
A Campaign On The Brink: Donald Trump And The Intersection Of Outrage And Violence 
Clashes At Trump Rally Stoke Primary Voters' Opinions 
Sanders/Trump after each other today: 
Where Sanders Might Have His Best Shots Going Forward 
Trump On Rally Violence: 'Don't Accept Responsibility,' Might Pay Legal Bills 
Bernie Sanders Has Strength Among White Men Pinched By The Economy 
'This Can't Go On In Chicago,' Says Anti-Trump Protester 
1976: The Last Time Republicans Duked It Out To The Last, Heated Minute 
A Century of GOP Intra-Party Wars Sets Stage for Cleveland Convention 
How 2 Powerful Streams Of Republicanism Are Headed For Cleveland 
Presidential Candidates React To Violence At Donald Trump's Chicago Rally 
The Complicated Battle for Florida: Who Really Has Home-Court Advantage? 
FACT CHECK: Republican Candidates On Keeping Or Changing Social Security 
 Comparing Donald Trump To Hitler 
Donald Trump Rally In Chicago Canceled Amid Widespread Protests 
semperadlucum WBEZ we are reporting what happened. 
For more on cancelled Trump rally 
Scene of demonstrators from earlier WBEZ: 
From WBEZ ppl celebrating after Trump's rally canceled 
Clinton's Comments On Nancy Reagan And HIV/AIDS Cause An Uproar 
Here's What You Need To Know About The March 15 'Mega Tuesday' Contests 
Politics Podcast: There's Another Super Tuesday? 
Rubio's campaign has an unusual solution to stifle Trump's lead. Telling voters to vote for Kasich in Ohio: 
Rubio Campaign: Vote For Kasich In Ohio To Stop Trump 
The scene from Trump's rally in St. Louis: 
What We Know: Breitbart Reporter And Alleged Assault At A Trump Event 
Millions Of Voters Are Sending A Message: Our Economic Framework Is Rotten 
Ted Cruz And The Senate: Now We've Got Bad Blood 
GOP Presidential Contenders Stay Classy With Major Shift In Debate Tone And Pitch 
ICYMI: 
At the end of tonight's debate, Trump spoke the most with Cruz and Rubio tied behind him: 
Trump closes debate by saying, "Be smart and unified." 
Kasich closes the last debate before Ohio talking about positive campaigning and working across the aisle. 
Curious who the two businessmen building tractors in Cuba are? NPRmelissablock has you covered: 
Important fact check on polling: 
Kasich when asked about the potential for a contested convention: 
Background on today's incident at a Trump rally: 
 Kasich: "I worry about violence at a rally period. Elections are important, but the unity of this country matters." 
ICYMI: 
Talk times after the second commercial break: 
ICYMI: 
After strong Cuba answer, Rubio goes into anti-climate change rant: 
Great context for the question on Cuba in tonight's  and the  next week: 
Rubio retort to Trump's Cuba deal: I don't know where Cuba would sue, but if it's a court in Miami they would lose. 
Cruz and Trump on the Islamic State: 
Asked about the Islamic State, Trump says, "We have to knock them out." And he would add troops. Kasich on same q: 
ICYMI: 
Rubio responding Trump's stance on Israel: "The policy Donald outlined, I'm not sure if he realizes, is anti-Israeli." 
On The Clock: Who's Getting The Most Talking Time In Tonight's Debate 
Cruz and Rubio respond both saying they would not target families of terrorists: 
Donald Trump on ordering the military to target families of suspected terrorists: 
 Talk times after the first commercial break: 
Q to Trump: Did you mean all 1.6 billion Muslims "hated [America]?" Trump: "I mean a lot of them."  
Cruz when asked what's wrong with Trump's vision for the Republican Party: 
ICYMI tonight's  so far: 
Get caught up on tonight's  with JessicaTaylor 
Rubio response to Trump on Social Security: That won't be enough to save Social Security 
Here are the Common Core FAQs from npr_ed 
Ben Carson To Endorse Donald Trump 
 on common core: 
Q: Why should voters trust you on trade when your business practices differ from the policies you promote? Trump: 
GOP Debate: Republicans Hope For Civility As Rubio, Kasich Fight For Survival 
Some context for GOP Chariman's pre-debate remarks: 
Follow tonight's GOP debate with JessicaTaylor: 
ICYMI: What to what for in tonight's GOP debate: 
Trump Rally Attendee Charged After Protester Punched In The Face 
Florida Tomato Pickers Become Part Of Democratic Debate 
WATCH: Obama Says Trump Is A Product Of The Republican Party, Not His Presidency 
Explaining 'Small Hands,' Wet Pants To Your Kids This Presidential Campaign 
Republican Debate: Which Donald Trump Will Take The Stage Tonight? 
Ready For Fun? First Take Off Your Shoes And Wait In Long Airport Lines 
Democrats' Debate Number 8 Finds Rivals in Familiar Grooves 
Voting Machines Could Again Take Center Stage 
North Carolina's Congressional Primaries Are A Mess Because Of These Maps 
The 8th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (And 4 Videos) 
 In closing statements, both Sanders and Clinton speak about income inequality. 
 Sanders response when asked about regime change in Latin America: 
Typo in earlier tweet: Clinton responded she would not deport children who are already in the U.S. 
nprpolitics Correction: Clinton responded she would not deport children who are already in the U.S. 
Fact-Check: Bernie Sanders Promises Free College. Will It Work?: 
After Hillary Clinton's education answer, Bernie Sanders: "Thanks for copying a very good idea." 
At the second commercial break, the  has spanned immigration, Benghazi, speaker fees and Clinton's likability. 
Follow live updates and analysis on tonight's  from JessicaTaylor : 
Sanders talking about a quote from the Chairman of Goldman Sachs: 
Context on Clinton and  : 
When asked about a likability poll in tonight's  Clinton responds: 
 Both Clinton and Sanders say they would work to reunite families who have been separated by deportation. 
Immigration has been the core of tonight's  so far. Q's about both candidates' support for border cntrl: 
 for what we are hearing in tonight's  
Original question in tonight's  Is Donald Trump a racist? Clinton on his character: 
Answer: "It was a very close race ... but you know I was very pleased by the overall outcome." 
First question to Hillary Clinton: "Where did you fail last night in Michigan?"  
A Resurgent Sanders Looks To Knock Down Clinton In Tonight's Debate 
Taylor Goggins,13, waits for the start of tonight's  Follow our live coverage: 
Ahead of tonight's debate, get caught up with the delegate math: 
After last night contests, here is the state of the race for the Democratic nomination: 
(4/4) 3. The enthusiasm levels: GOP keeps on posting high turnout levels but Dem turnout is below '08 levels. More: 
(3/4): 2. Will Sanders raise the electability question? 
(2/4): 1. How will Hillary Clinton try to woo independents (which she lost) and white working class voters (which she almost lost)? 
(1/4) Before the  begins tonight, here are a few things to watch per MaraLiasson : 
Context for Sanders' big victory ahead of the Michigan primary: 
LISTEN: Bernie Sanders with arishapiro on the state of the race and his path forward: 
ICYMI: There's a Democratic debate tonight. Here's what to expect: 
Curious how Rubio is responding to last night's defeats? Follow asmamk : 
Transcript: NPR's Interview With Bernie Sanders 
Iran Tests Two Ballistic Missiles Reportedly Designed To Reach Israel 
ICYMI: 
2/ Overall turnout in all four states that voted yesterday was way up. More: 
1/ Great context for yesterday's wins by Sanders and Trump: 
READ: Highlights from arishapiro 's interview with Bernie Sanders: 
Democratic Debate: 3 Things To Watch 
Bernie Sanders: 'Stay Tuned ... We Can Win This Thing' 
Trump Doesn't Own Most Of The Products He Pitched Last Night 
Carly Fiorina Endorses 'Fearless Fighter' Ted Cruz For President 
Epic Missouri Filibuster Over Bill Shielding Opponents Of Same-Sex Weddings Ends 
Jelani Cobb On His Epic 'New Yorker' Piece On Black Lives Matter 
Republicans Keep Posting Phenomenal Turnout Numbers 
5 Headlines That Explain Tuesday's Primary Results In Michigan And Beyond 
Lawmaker Calls For New Limits On Detaining Witnesses 
4 Takeaways From Tuesday Night's Exit Polls 
Another Primary Night's Results Confound (At Least Some) Expectations 
Important reference for the state of the GOP race: 
Polls in the Hawaii GOP caucus are closing in minutes. 
Listen To 4 Interviews From NPR's March 8 Live Special 
JUST IN: AP projects Ted Cruz wins Idaho with 46.3 of precincts reporting. 
Man Wanted In Idaho Pastor's Shooting Is Arrested In Washington, D.C. 
Heard on air: Michigan is a huge cautionary tale about polling. Clinton was up 27 points in recent polls going into tonight's contest. 
 Bernie Sanders is projected winner of Michigan; gains momentum moving into March 15 contests. 
BREAKING: Bernie Sanders wins the Democratic presidential primary in Michigan per AP 
With 84 of precincts reporting, Michigan is still too close to call. With Sanders at 49.9 and Clinton at 48.1 
ICYMI: John Kasich's speech from earlier tonight on-air and online now at: 
Polls closing in Idaho in minutes. Follow live analysis and results at: 
 Heard on air: "Anecdotally, Flint, Mich. had the highest turnout it has had in 20 years." 
Bernie Sanders: "We believe our strongest areas are yet to happen." 
Bernie Sanders speaking live. Listen in online or on-air at: 
With polls for the  in Michigan tight, get caught up: 
Heard on air: Ted Cruz is making a substantial play in Florida. 
Heard on air: Donald Trump needs 53 of the remaining delegates to be the nominee. That's the same number Sanders needs. 
After Mississippi and Michigan results, this is the state of the GOP delegate race: 
Lost on the whole delegate math? We have live delegate updates: 
In Michigan, the Democratic race is very tight with about half of the precincts reporting. 
A note on delegates: Clinton will likely come out ahead in the delegate race EVEN if Sanders wins Michigan b/c of the margins in both states 
Important note on how close the race between Sanders and Clinton in Michigan will get tonight: 
Quick fact check on Chris Christie tonight. He's not in Florida: 
Update on the  in Michigan: 
Clinton and Trump spoke at the same time tonight. And referenced each other: 
The water, wine and steaks Trump name checked earlier in his speech tonight: 
Trump: "I love Florida, it's my second home." 
Clinton: "I want to be a president for people who have a dream." 
Trump: Even Megyn Kelly said something nice about me 
Donald Trump speaking about his business record live now: 
Get caught up with live results at 
 Trump speaking in Florida as AP projects Trump win in Michigan. 
JUST IN: AP projects Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in Michigan. 
Just tuning in? Get caught up tune in online or on-air get tonight's live results at 
nprpolitics Typo! That's Jupiter, Florida  tune in, realDonaldTrump is speaking now 
Donald Trump is speaking now. Listen in online or on-air at: 
Polls have closed in Michigan, which is the biggest prize of the day for both Republicans and Democrats. 
NinaTotenberg amp; tamarakeithNPR got the memo. Live special cvg of primaries starts now  
 Live special coverage with the NPR Politics crew starts now. Listen on-air or online at 
The scene from Trump's scheduled press conference tonight in Juniper, Florida: 
ICYMI: 
In a break from tonight's primaries, important news on  contenders: 
JUST IN: The AP projects Donald Trump to win Mississippi. 
President Obama Meets With Supreme Court Candidates 
A bit of context around the Clintons' popularity with black voters: 
A hint of Sanders' strategy moving into the March 15th contests: 
Follow live results, updates and commentary with titonka here: 
JUST IN: 
Michigan, Mississippi Primary Results Expected Soon 
Polls are closing soon! Get caught up and follow live results at 
GET CAUGHT UP: Everything you need to know about today's races: 
So why doesn't anyone want to be establishment? In this podcast, the NPR Politics crew dove in: 
The race is heating up and today's contests are critical for several candidates: 
Get caught up on the primaries + today's elections at 
Cold War, Hot Tea: Nancy Reagan And Raisa Gorbachev's Sipping Summit 
Pressure's On Trump, Sanders In Crucial Contests Tuesday 
How The GOP Has Tried To Reach Black Voters And How 2016 May Undo That Work 
On Race, Sanders And Clinton Stumble But Engage 
Politics Podcast: Why Doesn't Anybody Want To Be Establishment? 
Bloomberg Says He Won't Run For President And 'Risk' Electing Trump Or Cruz 
The path to the nomination: 
Flint Debate Strikes Sparks Between Democratic Presidential Hopefuls 
Decades Later, 'Spy' Magazine Founders Continue To Torment Trump 
The 7th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (And 3 Videos) 
Context for BernieSanders' wins this weekend: 
From Hillary Clinton's closing statement in tonight's  
Sanders' closing of tonight's  : 
 HillaryClinton responding to a question on to whom and for whom she prays: 
Sanders responding to questions about the relevance of religion: 
Clinton on Trump: "There's only one candidate in either party who has more votes than [Donald Trump] and that's me."  
On the GOP: Clinton: "Compare the substance of this debate with what you saw on the republican stage last week." 
ICYMI: There's been a lot of talk about policies from the 90s in tonight's  : 
Bernie Sanders: We will raise taxes on the wealthy to ensure that schools will have funding. 
Context from titonka to understand the Clintons' popularity + history with black voters: 
On tonight's  : 
Hillary Clinton's response to whether the '94 crime bill was a mistake: 
After the break, the questions turn to guns and gun violence.  
Important fact-check: 
The AP has projected Bernie Sanders the winner in todays Maine Democratic caucuses. 
Bernie Sanders Projected To Win Maine Caucuses 
Follow live updates on tonight's debate with JessicaTaylor: 
First question in tonight's  If elected, how will you help the people of Flint regain trust in their gov't? 
Clinton, Sanders Face Off In Democratic Debate In Flint 
Missed this weekends elections? Get caught up on wins and the delegate counts with 
And for some context, as JessicaTaylor pointed out Puerto Rico has as many delegates as New Hampshire 
Colin Powell: GOP Candidates 'Belittling' The Country And Presidency 
Colin Powell says current behavior in GOP primary 'belittling' the country and the presidency. 
Marco Rubio Wins Puerto Rico Primary 
At Washington's Annual Gridiron Dinner, The Jokes Have Some Bite 
Citing Gender Bias, State Lawmakers Move To Eliminate 'Tampon Tax' 
Pastor Max Lucado Still Baffled Over Evangelical Trump Supporters 
Nancy Reagan, President's Fiercest Protector, Dies At 94 
4 Super Saturday Takeaways: Cruz On The Rise As Two-Way Race Takes Shape 
FACT CHECK: Bernie Sanders, Abandoned Buildings and NAFTA 
Tonight's results so far: Cruz wins Kansas amp; Maine Sanders wins Nebraska, per AP projection Follow live at 
Another state with sky high GOP turnout 
Ted Cruz Wins Straw Poll At Conservative Confab 
Ted Cruz has won the Kansas caucuses, per AP projection. More at and 
Saturday Showdowns: Voters Go To The Polls In 5 States 
MLB Hopes New Openness Will Ease Players' Path From Cuba To The Majors 
'1984' On Stage: Big Brother Is Still Watching You 
 Was It Just Resting Christie Face? 
Ben Carson Ends Presidential Campaign 
Why Do Some Republicans Still Say They'd Back Trump? 
Sure, There's More Hiring. But When Will Wages Rebound? 
Donald Trump Pulls Out Of Conservative Confab 
Early Voting Starts As Election Officials Tackle Confusing Voter ID Laws 
The Democratic Party Got Crushed During The Obama Presidency. Here's Why 
Dispatches From The Front In GOP Civil War: A Romney Drive-By And A Debate In Detroit 
When A Saturday Caucus Means No Voting For Orthodox Jews 
The 11th Republican Presidential Debate In 100 Words (And 4 Videos) 
Trump consistently lead in speaking time throughout tonight's GOP debate: 
Trump had double the time as Rubio. Talk times at the end of the debate: 
Kasich on supporting Trump if he is the nominee: 
Talk times before closing statements: 
After the fourth commercial break, Trump still leading in talk time: 
Important note on Trump's foreign policy comment: 
Updated talk times: 
Ted Cruz on the rhetoric of this debate: 
Key fact check on Trump U claims: 
Donald Trump responding to multiple instances where he's changed his position during this campaign: 
After the second commercial break, Trump continues to lead in speaking times: 
On The Clock: Which Candidate Is Getting The Most Talking Time 
After the first commercial break, Trump has the most speaking time by far: 
Trump responding to off the record reports on his immigration policies: 
Trump: "In terms of immigration, there always has to be some tug and pull ... you have to be able to have some flexibility." 
John Kasich takes jabs at the other GOP candidates on the budget: 
Trump: "We need people to get along" in Washington. 
Trump to Rubio: "This little guy has lied so much about my record." 
Important fact-check: 
Ted Cruz takes on Donald Trump: 
And in the first ten minutes of the GOP debate: 
Trump: I totally disavow the Ku Klux Klan, I totally disavow David Dukes 
First question, to Trump on Romney.  
WATCH: Tonight's GOP debate starts in minutes. Follow JessicaTaylor here for live analysis: 
WATCH: Rivals Try Again To Take Down Trump In GOP Debate 
Trump: The Reality TV Years 
SuperPACs Support Anti-Trump Effort With $16 Millions In Attacks 
Is A Brokered Convention The Most Likely Way Republicans Can Stop Trump? 
Paul Ryan 'Laughed Out Loud' At Donald Trump's 'Pay A Big Price' Threat 
Trump Health Plan Recycles GOP Chestnuts And Adds A Populist Wrinkle 
The candidates are starting to respond to Romney's speech. Kasich on Twitter and Trump speaking soon from Maine: 
Christie on endorsing Trump: "Anytime you run against someone you are going to have disagreements and they will be amplified." 
Chris Christie on his look at Donald Trump's presser: "No I wasn't being held hostage, I wasn't upset, I wasn't despondent." 
Chris Christie on his look at Donald Trump presser: "I don't know what I was supposed to be doing I was standing there listening to him." 
Chris Christie: "I have no current plans to go back out on the road with [Donald Trump] again any time soon." 
JUST NOW: Chris Christie defends Trump endorsement, "I believe Donald Trump is the best person to beat Hillary Clinton." 
But in 2012, Trump endorsed Romney. Here's where they were: 
Mitt Romney took on Donald Trump on foreign policy, the economy, his character and his motives: 
Romney: Mr. Trump is directing our anger for less than noble purposes. 
Romney: Our presidents have channeled that anger, and forged it into resolve. 
Romney on Trump's changing his policy positions, refusal to release his tax returns and the N.Y. Times interview: 
Romney on Trump's temperament: Dishonesty is [his] hallmark 
Mitt Romney commenting on Donald Trump: 
Romney on Trump: 
Romney: "If Donald Trump's plans were [on the economy] were implemented, the country would sink into a prolonged recession." 
Romney on the primaries: "I believe with all my heart and soul that we face another time of choosing that will have profound consequences." 
How the times have changed... More Trump on Romney: 
 to Romney and Trump's relationship that was as permanent as a Vegas wedding. More: 
Romney is expected to attack Trump in his speech today. But harsh words are already flying: 
Mitt Romney set to take the stage in an anti-Trump speech in minutes. 
Don't Miss Jay Caspian Kang On Asian-Americans, Whiteness, And Peter Liang 
Romney And Trump Spar Over Future Of GOP 
4 Things To Watch For In Tonight's Republican Debate 
Journalists Struggle To Describe Trump's Racially Charged Rhetoric 
Gas Prices Pop Up Despite Historic Supplies Of Oil. Blame Spring 
For some context: 
If voter turnout is an indicator of enthusiasm, this year's GOP is way excited: 
Barack And Michelle Obama To Headline South By Southwest Festivals 
Elections 2016: Democratic And Republican Delegate Tracker 
Ben Carson Does 'Not See A Political Path Forward' For Presidential Candidacy 
Here's Just How Massive Republicans' Super Tuesday Turnout Was 
Carson did not explicitly say he's dropping out or suspending his campaign, he will not attend the next GOP debate. 
Pro-Trump Lawmaker Says 'Build A Wall' Doesn't Exactly Mean A Wall 
Christie Stands By Trump As New Jersey Supporters Wonder Why 
How did  happen? asmamk amp; DomenicoNPR explain, in less than 2 mins: 
Super Tuesday Brings Harsh Light And Heartaches On The Morning After 
Super Tuesday: How It Happened State By State 
Supreme Court Tests Texas' New Restrictions On Abortion 
 update: Ted Cruz is the projected winner of the Alaska primary. So, Trump took 7 contests, Cruz 3, and Rubio 1. 
PHOTOS: Scenes From Super Tuesday 
4 Takeaways From The Super Tuesday Exit Polls 
Also ICYMI, states with sizable black demographic electorates that voted today: 
 perspective from asmamk on demographics on the Democratic side from today's contests: 
Heard on air: "After tonight, Ted Cruz has two more reasons not to drop out and theyre called Texas and Oklahoma."  MaraLiasson 
Minnesota is still close on both sides with Rubio leading for the GOP and Sanders leading for the Democrats. 
Cruz's speech aimed to position himself as the only conservative alternative to Trump. 
Calling for unity, Cruz calls for voters to support and other candidates to drop out in order to defeat Trump. And quotes JFK. 
Ted Cruz on Donald Trump at his party in Stafford, Texas: 
Important note: Republicans are caucusing in CO but didn't to do a straw poll b/c didn't want to be bound to result 
Curious what it feels like on the ground? Follow our reporters around the country: 
Trump on Rubio: 
Donald Trump still speaking in Florida. For context, results and analysis, follow us at 
Context for the Christie endorsement: 
With Bush out, there was a race for his supporters and donors. More context: 
Some quick analysis: 
Heard on air: Trump often claims he's winning in polls against Hillary Clinton. Fact-check: The data is muddled. 
But will that turnout continue into the fall? We dug in: 
Trump speaking to supporters about increasing military strength if he were to be elected president. 
Trump jabs back at Clinton while speaking to supporters. Listen live on 
Bernie Sanders is projected to win Vermont and Oklahoma tonight; three contests are still being counted 
From the Trump ballroom: 
 update: The state of Democratic delegate count 
 update: Where the GOP delegate count stands as of 9:20 pm 
Closing words from Rubio in Florida tonight: 
Donald Trump will be speaking soon: 
 update: Bernie Sanders is the projected winner in Oklahoma and Vermont, according to AP 
Tonight's exit polls show Hillary Clinton winning nearly 7 percent of black voters; Sanders wins younger voters 
Marco Rubio primarily attacks Donald Trump in his speech on  
 Update: The AP projects Oklahoma for Sen. Ted Cruz 
Context on tonight's wins for Cruz and Trump: 
 context: Texas is the crown jewel of tonight's primaries because it has more delegates than any other state tonight. 
JUST IN: AP projects Cruz and Clinton win Texas 
Hillary Clinton: Together, we can break down barriers for our kids so they can get the education they need and deserve. 
Hillary Clinton makes clear jabs at Trump during  speech: 
 Polls are closing in minutes for three more states. 
Hillary Clinton speaking to supporters after winning several primaries on  
Hillary Clinton: I believe what we need in America today is more love and kindness.  Listen live on 
 JUST IN: AP projects Donald Trump wins the Virginia primary 
Hillary Clinton speaking live from Florida after projected wins in 5  states. 
 Get caught up with live results and analysis on the air and online at: 
After solid wins tonight, it's clear Trump's support has more breadth than many thought.  
For perspective: Only about 5 percent of Republican delegates have been chosen. After today, about 30 percent will have been selected. 
 update: Trump has won 4/8 contests where polls have closed tonight 
JUST IN: Minutes after the polls close, Arkansas called for Hillary Clinton 
Scenes from the  
Arkansas polls wills close in minutes. So far it's been a good night for Trump and Clinton. 
 Get caught up on  at with the latest news and live results 
Only about 2 percent of Democratic delegates have been chosen. After tonight, almost a quarter will have been selected.  
From Tennessee: 
Hillary Clinton has won half of the states where polls have closed so far tonight.  
JUST IN: Clinton is the projected winner of Alabama and Tennessee. 
JUST IN: AP projects Trump wins in Alabama, Tennessee and Massachusetts 
 Polls are about to close in Alabama, Massachusetts, Oklahoma and Tenessee 
Several states voting today have sizable African American communities. Could affect outcomes esp. for Dems. 
 How Marco Rubio's strategy mirrors Harry Potter. More: 
Bernie Sanders speaking to supporters after winning Vermont on  
JUST IN: AP projecting that Trump will win Georgia with less than 1 of precincts reporting 
Bernie Sanders in Vermont: 
Bernie Sanders: This country should not be having more people in jail than any other country. That's wrong.  
Bernie Sanders: In America, we are going to end a corrupt campaign system.  
 Bernie Sanders is the first to take the stage tonight. He's speaking now in Vermont. 
 With the early exits very close in Virginia on the GOP side, some perspective on voters 
As results start coming in, worth having a look at six scenarios that could play out tonight: 
Curious what Rubio HQ looks like tonight? Check it out: 
Colorado results aren't expected until 9 P.M. tonight, but we will only hear from the Democrats. Here's why: 
The scene from the Sanders rally in Vermont 
JUST IN: AP projects wins in Georgia and Virginia for Clinton  
Polls have closed in Virginia, Vermont and Georgia. 
Special Live Podcast from the NPR Politics crew at 7 P.M. ET at 
Super Tuesday: Trump And Clinton Eye Big Wins 
asmamk breaks down important things to watch in MA on  
Will Sanders spending correlate to wins tonight? Follow live results at  
Understanding The Clintons' Popularity With Black Voters 
The Stream: Super Tuesday Edition 
Paul Ryan Rebukes Donald Trump Over David Duke Endorsement 
Get caught up on  at Get the latest news and listen to nprpolitics podcast + special cvg at 7 ET 
Join us tonight! 
Super Tuesday: States To Watch 
After A Decade, Questions Emerge From The Quiet Justice 
For Clinton, Winning Is Nice But Delegates Are Better 
As Evangelicals Lose Faith In Cruz, His Campaign Could Be Beyond Resurrection 
Trump Blames 'Very Bad Earpiece' For KKK Comments 
How Bernie Sanders Could Win Super Tuesday... Or Lose Really Badly 
Ahead Of Super Tuesday, And After A Big Loss, Bernie Sanders Lowers Expectations 
A History Of Super Tuesday 
Many Dislike Health Care System But Are Pleased With Their Own Care 
For Some Trump Supporters, KKK Questions Are 'Overblown' 
Sen. Jeff Sessions endorses Donald Trump at rally in Alabama. Trump's first Senate endorsement. 
How Harry Potter Can Explain Marco Rubio's Path To The GOP Nomination 
Politics Podcast: Everything You Need To Know About Super Tuesday 
Vice Chair Of DNC Resigns To Support Bernie Sanders 
Fact Check: Are Women Facing The Draft? 
Trump Won't Condemn KKK, Says He 'Knows Nothing About White Supremacists' 
6 Scenarios That Could Play Out On Super Tuesday 
Sick Of Political Parties, Unaffiliated Voters Are Changing Politics 
Suddenly, South Carolina Projects Clinton Power Into Super Tuesday 
Turnout way down in SC: 
Clinton has "really gone to work on her stump speech," says MaraLiasson 
Clinton more optimistic now amp; about the future of the country, rather than about herself tamarakeithNPR says 
From Clinton primary party: 
LISTEN: Hillary Clinton's SC victory speech now at 
"We're not taking anyone or anything for granted." -Hillary Clinton 
PHOTO: Clinton supporters react to her victory in SC Democratic primary 
Hillary Clinton taking the stage now to "Fight Song" 
TUNE IN: What does Clinton's SC victory mean? w/ tamarakeithNPR DomenicoNPR MaraLiasson nprmichel dongonyea 
Reaction from Bernie Sanders: 
Hillary Clinton Projected To Win South Carolina Primary 
From Clinton's party: 
JUST IN: Hillary Clinton wins South Carolina Democratic primary, per AP projection. See results: 
Marco Rubio Releases 14 Years Of Tax Returns Amid Pressure On Donald Trump 
What's at stake tonight in the Dem  
TONIGHT at 7: As  Dem polls close, npr special coverage w/ DonGonyea amp; NPRMichel + LIVE RESULTS: 
Hillary Clinton Looks For Redemption In South Carolina 
Why Cruz And Rubio Can't Count On The Latino Vote 
Super Tuesday: Here's What You Need To Know 
Economists On Candidates' Proposals: Mostly Bad 
How Do You Solve A Google Problem Like Rick Santorum's? 
Fact Check: Donald Trump Can't Release His Taxes While Being Audited? 
Trump University: Lawsuit Alleges 'School For Success' Was A Scam 
 Ted Cruz And The Zodiac Killer 
In Alabama's Rural Black Belt, An Uphill Climb For Bernie Sanders 
"There is no one who is better prepared to provide America with the strong leadership that it needs" Christie says endorsing Trump 
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie just endorsed Donald Trump, but he wasn't always a fan: 
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Endorses Donald Trump 
Will High Tide Of Primary Voter Turnout Float Republicans In November? 
The 10th Republican Debate In 100 Words (And 3 Videos) 
Trump Knocked Down A Peg By Team Rubio-Cruz, But Is It Too Little Too Late? 
In the final GOP debate before Super Tuesday, Trump spoke for nearly ten minutes longer than any other candidate: 
After the second commercial break, Trump is speaking the most by far.  
Get caught up on tonight's GOP debate with titonka: 
On The Clock: Trump Dominates Debate In Speaking Time 
Talk times after the first commercial break in tonight's  
Important distinction here: 
The debate so far in a photo? 
Cruz: As president, I will repeal every word of Obamacare.  
Carson: "Health care is not a right, but it is a responsibility for a responsible society." 
Trump often claims the strong support of the Latino community nationwide. His response to a poll that disagrees: 
To keep in mind: 
"We're building a much bigger, much stronger Republican party." -Donald Trump 
Important note: 
The 2012 autopsy report on why Romney lost is making a reappearance tonight: 
Rubio: You lied about Polish workers Trump: Yeah, yeah, yeah 38 years ago... Rubio: So there's a statute of limitations on lying? 
Rubio on Trump in tonight's  
The attacks are flying tonight's GOP debate. 
Rubio: "If he hadn't inherited $200 million dollars, do you know where Donald Trump would be right now? Selling watches in Manhattan." 
Cruz to Trump: If you want to be liked in Washington that's not a good attribute in a president 
Trump: I've hired more than 10,000 people... Rubio: "Many from other countries, instead of Americans." 
Trump gets cheers saying: "I'm the only one on stage who's hired people." 
First question in tonight's debate is on immigration.  
Can't watch the GOP debate tonight? Check back here for updates from titonka: 
And Then There Were 5: The Republicans Debate In Texas 
Head-Scratcher Alert: Jet Fuel Prices Are Falling And Airfares Are Rising 
Fact Check: Is Obama Handing Guantanamo Bay Back To Cuba? 
Here Are 5 Texas-Sized Things To Watch When Republicans Debate Tonight In Houston 
In Apple-FBI Fight, Congress Considers Aggressive And Measured Approaches 
Texans Warn Amped Up Rhetoric Is Erasing Republicans' Progress With Latinos 
On Ted Cruz's seating at Scalia's funeral: 
Texas Appeals Court Tosses Final Felony Charge Against Former Gov. Rick Perry 
Trump Grabs His First Congressional Endorsement 
Trump Carried All Before Him In Nevada. Could He Make It All The Way? 
Millennials can sway the vote in states that might decide the election. asmamk explains: 
Be on air! NPR wants couples backing different presidential candidates. Send your story prcrowdsourcenpr.org subject: Domestic Politics. 
President Obama Looking For Justice Who Will 'Interpret' Not 'Make' The Law 
The 10 States Where Millennials Could Sway The Election 
5 Headlines: Donald Trump Dominates In Nevada Caucuses 
Risky Shadow Banks Become Campaign Fodder For Democrats 
Donald Trump has won the  GOP caucuses, AP projects. Watch for more on what it means. 
 GOP caucuses happening now. Get caught up at amp; here: 
As of 1 hour ago... 
Will GOP candidates appeal to younger, more diverse voters in Nevada this election cycle? 
Will anti-establishment support help bolster Trump to another win tonight? Follow along at 
Will Donald Trump rack up another win tonight? Follow live results at 
Nevada Caucuses: Will Republicans Go All In For Trump? 
Will the GOP candidates get out the youth vote tonight in Nevada? Follow live updates at 
Caucusing has begun! Will Republicans in tonight's caucuses have record turnout?  
Caucuses have opened in Nevada where it will likely be a three-way race between Trump, Cruz and Rubio tonight. More: 
Republicans begin caucusing at 5pm PST / 8 pm EST in Nevada. Get caught up at 
Alabama Fast Food Workers Rally To Defend City's Wage Hike 
Senate Republicans Agree To Block Obama's Supreme Court Nominee 
Which Candidate Are Prius Owners Are Most Likely To Support? Not Who You'd Think 
Federal Judge Greenlights Conservative Group To Look Into Clinton Emails 
On setting a vote for Obama's  nominee: 
Wonder who is in Guantanamo, actually? nprviz has you covered 
Hillary Clinton Hitches Her Health Care Wagon To Obamacare 
Spike Lee, Morgan Freeman Heat Up Democrats' Battle For Black Endorsements 
Bush Fundraiser Blasts Campaign Strategy 
ICYMI: POTUS on Guantanamo this morning: 
Call out! NPR wants couples backing different presidential candidates. Send your story prcrowdsourcenpr.org subject: Domestic Politics. 
Where Did All That Jeb Bush SuperPAC Money Go? 
Why Aren't People Declaring The GOP Race Over  And Trump The Winner? 
Sanders Health Plan Renews Debate On Universal Coverage 
Report: Obama Administration Makes 'No Progress' On Drone Program Transparency 
Politics Podcast: It's Mean......It's Beautiful....It's The South Carolina Primary 
How Nevada's Entrance Polls Turned Into A Political Fight Over Latinos 
Call out! NPR wants couples backing different presidential candidates. Send your story prcrowdsourcenpr.org subject: Domestic Politics. 
ICYMI 
Why Did Jeb Bush Lose? There Are Many Theories 
Did Obama Inspire A Big Debate On Identity? You Weighed In 
JackieC1989 Just followed you! We'd love to chat if you have time later this week 
hachapman Are you aiming to join at this year's convention? Where are you from? 
Call out! Have you been or do you want to be a delegate at either party's national convention? NPR would like to talk to you. DM us. 
Be on air! NPR wants couples backing different presidential candidates. Send your story prcrowdsourcenpr.org subject: Domestic Politics. 
If you haven't seen it, this will be sure to cure your Monday morning blues: 
Wondering what "evangelical" really means? 
Meet Donald Trump's Alter Ego 
Republican Candidates Look to Appeal to Nevada's Changing Conservatives 
With Bush's Exit, A Chapter In American Politics Closes 
Pope Calls On Christians To Abolish Death Penalty 
4 Takeaways From South Carolina And Nevada 
Traffic Jam In The Winner's Circle: Saturday Results Encourage All But Bush 
PHOTOS: Voters Make Their Voices Heard In Nevada And South Carolina 
Record Republican turnout in  
Perspective on Cruz's speech tonight: 
Ted Cruz: This election will be a referendum on the Supreme Court.  
Ted Cruz: It is not just one but two branches of government that are at stake.  
Ted Cruz speaking now in South Carolina: 
With 80 of precincts reporting, Rubio takes a slight lead in the race for second in the  
Marco Rubio: Tonight, it is clear this country is ready for a new generation of conservatives to guide us into the 21st century.  
Heard on air: Marco Rubio speaking now  
Heard on air: Trump is doing better, more consistently than Romney was at this point in the 2012 race. 
Important context: 
Trump: Don't worry, we're going to do the wall. And Mexico is going to pay for it.  
Listen now: Donald Trump speaking now. Listen live at  
After a disappointing finish tonight, Jeb Bush has suspended his campaign.  
Jeb Bush Ends Presidential Campaign 
BREAKING NEWS: Jeb Bush dropping out of the race for the GOP nomination 
LIVE: Jeb Bush speaking in South Carolina now. Listen online and on-air at 
From Trump HQ: The crowd is chanting, "We want trump!" 
Heard on air: On Super Tuesday, Texas would be a prize for Ted Cruz. He should win there it's his state.  sarahmccammon 
Important note on the state of the race for second in South Carolina  
Heard on air: asmamk talking about the Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and the minority vote 
Follow our updates on the  with the Stream: 
Turnout in  was far below 2008. 
Listen to live coverage online or at home with as the suspense continues: 
Trump is the projected winner of the  but the race for second place is tight. Follow the numbers at: 
JUST IN: AP is projecting Donald Trump as the winner of the South Carolina Republican primary. 
Trump, Cruz And Rubio Battle For South Carolina Prize 
South Carolina polls have just closed.  
LIVE VIEW Rubio HQ: 
But what is the establishment, actually? We dove in: 
Sanders: Taking on the establishment is not easy.  
Sanders: We are going to be taking on a very well funded superPAC  
Sanders: Our job is to bring justice back to the criminal justice system  
Sanders speech begins: 5 weeks ago we were 25 points down in the polls  
Some context for Clinton's hold on Democratic superdelegates: 
Updated Democratic delegate count, after  
Hillary Clinton: I'm on my way to Texas. Bill is on his way to Colorado. The fight goes on.  
Hillary Clinton: We need more jobs. We need more opportunity.  
Hillary Clinton giving her victory speech for  
Clinton: The truth is we aren't a single issue country.  
Hillary Clinton is giving her victory speech now in Nevada.  
Follow live analysis on "The Stream": 
Hillary Clinton Projected To Win Nevada Caucuses 
Follow live results for the  Get updates at 
From asmamk: Asian-Americans are the fastest growing minority in Nevada, but also the least likely to vote. Why? 
It's like the Iowa coin-toss but not. Here's a refresher: 
Results are starting to come in. Get caught up at 
The Stream: South Carolina and Nevada Go To The Polls 
Rubio Tries To Sell The New Face Of The GOP Establishment To S.C. Voters 
 Jeb!, A Gun And 'America.' 
Ted Cruz Thinks He Knows Why You're Reading This Article 
Latest Clinton Emails Shed Light On Appointment Jockeying 
Pro-Cruz SuperPAC Slams Trump For Supporting Removal Of Confederate Flag 
scottdetrow on the latest batch of emails released by the State Department: 
In Final Weeks, Bush SuperPAC Outpaced In South Carolina 
Trump Calls For Apple Boycott, But Lawmakers Don't See Clear Path In iPhone Case 
Peers, The President And Many Average Americans Pay Respects To Scalia 
Trump asked supporters to boycott Apple. Here's what brought on his ask: 
Just in: Former South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford endorsed Ted Cruz. More: 
And we're back.  on npr snapchat now. 
Campaign reporter sarahmccammon on MSNBC just now 
Liar, Liar, Pants On Fire? Cruz Hopes To Overcome Bitter Accusations With Faith 
Beyond Student Debt: Where It's Not The Top Campaign Priority For Millennials 
Listen in: 
Univision's Ramos Seeks New Audiences On Facebook  And Draws Millions 
This week's politics round up is online now. Listen in  
New episode of the NPR Politics Podcast available now  
Univision's Ramos Seeks News Audiences On Facebook  And Draws Millions 
5 Things To Watch In Saturday's Nevada And South Carolina Elections 
The Supreme Court To Say Goodbye To One Of Its Own 
Jim Clyburn Set To Endorse Hillary Clinton 
Politics Podcast: Liar Liar Pants On Fire and Jeb's Gun 
Senate GOP Faces Split On Supreme Court Vacancy 
Survey: Clinton Maintains Massive Superdelegate Lead 
Pope Says Trump 'Is Not Christian' 
With Democratic Primary Fight Closer, Pro-Clinton SuperPAC Amps It Up 
When is your state? Here are all the upcoming primaries + caucuses: 
What You Need To Know About Nevada's Democratic Caucuses 
Obama To Visit Cuba Next Month 
Republican Party Chairman: 'This Will Be Just Fine' 
Follow NPR's sarahmccammon to see the latest from marcorubio with nikkihaley in South Carolina 
Iran To Countries Capping Oil Output: Good For You! But Not For Us 
Election 2016 Calendar: Primaries And Caucuses 
Cruz On Trump Lawsuit Threat: Bring It On 
JUST IN: South Carolina Govenor Nikki Haley endorses Marco Rubio for GOP nomination 
Top Wonks Take Aim At Sanders' Economic Plans 
Election 2016 Calendar: Primaries And Caucuses 
Wish you were on the trail in South Carolina today? Follow JessicaTaylor 
Clinton Versus Sanders: The Rift Between Older And Younger Black Voters 
FACT CHECK: Would getting rid of tuition give the US "the most educated workforce in the world"? Probably not. 
America Is Obsessed With Identity. Thanks, Obama? 
Automatic Registration Is The Latest Chapter In Fight Over Voting Rights 
In Fight For Ballot Access, 'Moral Turpitude' Becomes A Litmus Test In One State 
Is It Time To Reconsider Lifetime Appointments To The Supreme Court? 
FACT-CHECK: Bernie Sanders Promises Free College. Will It Work? 
Trump Opponents Try To Build Eminent Domain Into S.C. Primary Issue 
Obama: I Intend To Nominate A 'Very Well-Qualified Candidate' To Supreme Court 
President Obama: "I think the American people are pretty sensible and they will make a sensible choice." 
POTUS Speaking now... 
With Special Tax Suspended, Medical Device Firms Reap Big Savings 
Scalia And Leonard Nimoy: Justice's Death Spurs Conspiracy Theories 
Expect Obama To Try To Box In Republicans With His Supreme Court Nominee 
In Photos: A Short History Of Official Funerals For Supreme Court Justices: 
ICYMI: Listen now 
W. Is Back: 6 Quotes From Campaigning For Jeb Bush 
5 Ways Scalia's Death Is Complicating The 2016 Election 
SCOTUS fact: 
The establishment has become 'The Man' in this election. But what is "the establishment," anyway? 
Justice Scalia Will Lie In Repose At The Supreme Court On Friday 
Ginsburg And Scalia: 'Best Buddies' 
Read Ruth Bader Ginsburg's tribute to her 'best buddy' Antonin Scalia: 
Scalia's Death May Mean Texas Abortion Case Won't Set U.S. Precedent 
Why President? How The U.S. Named Its Leader 
White House Seems To Rule Out Recess Appointment To Replace Scalia 
Get caught up: Listen to MorningEdition online: 
The gloves are off in South Carolina for GOP candidates... 
Scalia's Death Will Cast A Long Shadow Across This Year's Senate Races 
On The Docket, In Limbo: Scalia's Death Casts Uncertainty On Key Cases 
Includes NinaTotenberg's unique reflections on "Nino" Scalia. 
NEW: NPR Politics Podcast on the legacy of Antonin Scalia, plus what his death means for the Court amp; the 2016 race. 
7 Things To Know About Presidential Appointments To The Supreme Court 
Who Are The Possible Candidates To Fill Scalia's Seat? 
Presidential Candidates Pledge To Undo Citizens United. But Can They? 
Missed tonight's GOP debate? Get caught up with JessicaTaylor here: 
Trump, Cruz and Bush spoke the most in tonight's debate. Get caught up on what happened: 
After closing statements, Trump, Cruz and Bush spoke the most: 
Q: Smart leaders know how to ask good questions. What would you ask a former president? Marco Rubio's answer: 
Carson when asked what people need to know, but don't want to hear: 
At the third commercial break, Trump and Cruz have the most speaking times. 
READ: Our analysis of tonight's GOP debate so far 
4 Questions With NPR's Nina Totenberg About Justice Antonin Scalia 
Follow our analysis of tonight's GOP debate: 
Rubio and Cruz go back and forth on immigration 
Speaking times after the second commercial break per barbarasprunt 
On The Clock: Who's Getting The Most Talking Time In Tonight's Debate 
After the first commercial break: 
And Kasich responds: 
Bush defends his family and his brother's decisions after Trump critiques Iraq decision. 
Getting the facts straight: 
Obama Remembers Scalia As 'Consequential,' Vows To Appoint Replacement 
Tributes Flow For Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia 
Kasich on when/if POTUS should name Justice Scalia's replacement 
The GOP debate is just now beginning: 
Obama: I plan to fulfill my constitutional duties to name a successor. 
JUST NOW: Obama speaking on Justice Scalia 
WATCH: Scalia's Death To Refocus Tonight's GOP Presidential Debate, Campaign 
Get Ready For A Fight To Replace Scalia 
Over 1,000 Clinton Documents Released, Including 84 New Classified Emails 
President Obama will make a statement in 15 minutes about the passing of Justice Scalia 
Why replacing Antonin Scalia will be no simple task: 
Replacing Antonin Scalia Will Be No Simple Task 
Speaker Ryan on Justice Scalia: "I learned so much from this man. I knew him. I respected him. I looked up to him." 
Congressional leaders react to Scalia's death: 
Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia, a leading voice of conservatism, died Saturday. 
Justice Antonin Scalia, Known For Biting Dissents, Dies At 79 
NPR's NinaTotenberg: Justice Antonin Scalia, Known For Biting Dissents, Dies At 79 
4 Things To Know About The South Carolina Primaries 
Spectacle Of Spin: The Post-Debate Room Where The Truth Gets Dizzy 
Fact-Check: Could The Next President Bring Back Waterboarding? 
In Trump's German Ancestral Village, The Locals Are Not Impressed 
Jim Gilmore, Who Was Campaigning For President, Isn't Anymore 
 What Would Honest Abe Really Think Of Politics Today? 
Photos: Obama Declares 3 New National Monuments In California Desert 
WATCH: Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton tried to appeal to African-American voters last night: 
Clinton Gets Back In The Game After Blowout Loss To Sanders In N.H. 
Detainee Interrogation Chief: Waterboarding Doesn't Work 
Sanders Favors A 'Speculation Tax' On Big Wall Street Firms. What Is That? 
The 6th Democratic Presidential Debate In 100 Words (And Three Videos) 
South Carolina GOP Primary: 'Bare-Knuckle' Politics With A Smile 
Hillary Clinton's closing statement   
TUNE IN: DomenicoNPR on NPR stations, tamarakeithNPR on PBS NewsHour and streaming here; 
 Q: Name 2 leaders who would influence your foreign policy: Sanders: FDR, Churchill Clinton: FDR, Mandela 
Bernie Sanders on whether he would reduce anything in the government:   
NOW: Mid-debate analysis from tamarakeithNPR on pbsnewshour 
Hillary Clinton on Social Security   
Bernie Sanders on how he would help low-income seniors   
Hillary Clinton on how she would pass  reform: 
Bernie Sanders on  amp; reducing deportation 
Sanders: "We have got to stand up to the Trumps of the world who are trying to divide us up."   
WATCH the Democratic debate here w/ updates from titonka: 
Clinton: I've spent my life working so that women can make their own choices, even if that choice is not voting for me  
During the break... 
WATCH: pbsnewshour debate here: 
A smart take on Chris Christie and the demise of his campaign from WYNC's mattkatz00 
WATCH LIVE: Tonight's Democratic debate starting at 9 p.m. ET 
WATCH: The PBS Democratic Primary Debate 
W. Is Back: Bush Bros. To Campaign Together 
Talk of the 'establishment' seems to be everywhere this election. We figured out why: 
NPR's sarahmccammon gives analysis of the GOP race in South Carolina on MSNBC this afternoon. 
How 'Establishment' Became The Buzzword Of The 2016 Election 
Catch up on samsanders chat w/ MorningEdition amp; read his piece here: 
Don't Forget About Ted Cruz 
Democratic Debate: 4 Things To Watch Tonight 
In South Carolina, Young Black Voters Could Put Holes In Clinton's 'Firewall' 
New Hampshire Turnout Breaks Records, But Not On Democratic Side 
Politics Podcast: How Did Trump And Sanders Win YUUGE In New Hampshire? 
Tune in to npratc now - johnson_carrie talks to arishapiro about DOJ Ferguson lawsuit. 
Here's that story, from asmamk  
NEW: Justice Dept to announce civil rights lawsuit against Ferguson, Mo, sources confirm to johnson_carrie. News conference shortly. 
Chris Christie Drops Out Of Republican Race For President 
Carly Fiorina Ends Bid For Republican Presidential Nomination 
JUST IN: Chris Christie has suspended his White House bid sources tell WYNC mattkatz00 
How Hillary Clinton Might Actually Win In N.H., Even Though She Lost Big 
What Does Spending Over $1,000 Per Vote In N.H. Get You? 
Carly Fiorina Ends Bid For Republican Presidential Nomination 
BREAKING NEWS: Carly Fiorina Suspending Presidential Campaign 
Bernie Sanders' $5.2 million haul off his New Hampshire win 
Bernie Sanders Dines With Al Sharpton In Harlem 
John Kasich And The Long Road To Super Tuesday 
6 Headlines, A Day After The New Hampshire Primary 
Supreme Court Puts White House's Carbon Pollution Limits On Hold 
New Hampshire Primary: 5 Things That Explain The Results 
After Months of Focus on Just Two States, Candidates Scramble to Appeal to Two More 
New Hampshire Primary In Photos: Doritos, Selfies And The Donald 
 Bernie Sandwich 
ICYMI: "Bernie Sandwich"  
Missed the action tonight? Get Caught Up 
After talking with students in South Carolina, samsanders shares his view 
Heard on air: Many Republicans that say Trump would be a disaster for them, but nobody is taking him on  with the exception of Jeb Bush. 
Heard on air: MaraLiasson making sense of Trump's win and the direction of the Republican establishment 
Catching up on what happened in  Get caught up here: 
Fact check: With 57 reporting, just 125,464 people cast Democratic ballots. Seems unlikely to beat '08 record. 
Music of the campaign. 
Kasich thanking the voters of New Hampshire at his rally  
Live analysis of Kasich's speech now. Listen in at 
NOTE: For the GOP in N.H., the delegates of anyone with less than 10 of the vote go to the winner. More: 
In his concession speech, Rubio acknowledges poor performance in last Saturday's debate. 
With 50 of the vote in, the numbers are starting to settle out. (As of 10:15 pm) 
What's next? See the view from South Carolina with samsanders 
Trump's first lines: We're going to make America great again. Now, that is staying on brand says NPRrelving 
Donald Trump: We are going to repeal and replace Obamacare and Common Core.  
Donald Trump: "Nobody is going to mess with us. Nobody. Nobody." 
Trump: We love the people of New Hampshire.   
After 10 minutes, Sanders is still talking. He began by thanking voters for a huge voter turnout. 
With first and second confirmed, the race for third between Cruz and Bush is still tight. (As of 9:53 pm) 
Heard on air: Talking about John Kasich's second place finish in New Hampshire 
AP calls second place in New Hampshire for John Kasich 
Trump is set to take the stage shortly. 
Earlier tonight, former NAACP president, Ben Jealous on how Bernie Sanders is connecting with black voters 
Heard on air: Sanders is still trailing among black and latino voters  
Sanders makes plug for small donations in his acceptance speech. 
Bernie Sanders on his campaign contributions: You know what that average contribution was? $27. 
Bernie Sanders: It's just to late for the same old, same old establishment politics and economics. The people want real change. 
Bernie Sanders: I hope that we all remember that we will need to come together to unite this party and this nation. 
Bernie Sanders: Let us not forget Democrats and progressives win when voter turn out is high 
Clinton speech wraps just as Sanders begins. Listen now:  
Live analysis of Hillary Clinton's concession speech heard on-air and online 
Hillary Clinton: "Even if [young people] are not supporting me now, I support them." 
Hillary Clinton: "No bank can be too big to fail and no executive too big to jail." 
Hillary Clinton: "People have every right to be angry, but they are also hungry... hungry for solutions." 
LIVE ON AIR: HillaryClinton at her event in New Hampshire 
More on what might have killed "Marcomentum": 
With Cruz and Bush in a dead heat for third, Rubio falls to 5th. (As of 9:09 p.m.) 
New Hampshire has fought hard to maintain its  primary status (see: Heard on air: 
Follow along with the latest  coverage: 
Heard on air: New Hampshire voters are fiercely independent could help explain tonight's results 
LISTEN: On air and online to for live updates and analysis 
Heard on air: Live analysis of Donald Trump's win in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary at 
With the race for second close, here are the New Hampshire townships we are watching: 
Given tonight's results: tamarakeithNPR's piece is all the more relevant 
Polls are in! Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are projected to win New Hampshire according to the AP 
Live coverage on-air and online starts now: 
Just like in Iowa, New Hampshire Turnout might break records. What we're watching: 
Tune in at 
From an early look at exit polls, here's what we know: 
Polls close in 15 minutes.... 
And the results are starting to come in. Follow along online and on-air:  
Looking for a good dose of  trivia? Check out the NPR briefing book: 
New Hampshire Primary: The Polls Begin To Close 
Follow our live results as they start to come in at 
Historically for the GOP, the chance of becoming the nominee without a win tonight is slim. 
Get caught up on the state of the race with our new elections site: 
Court Orders Government To Explain The Hold Up With 7,000 Clinton Emails 
Password Security Is So Bad, President Obama Weighs In 
W.Va. House OKs Bill Letting People Carry Concealed Guns Without A Permit 
Not Ready To Stop Obsessing Over Beyonc and 'Formation'? We Got You 
After New Hampshire, Some GOP Campaigns May Stagger On In Zombie Phase 
Elections 2016 
If Trump wins the New Hampshire primary tonight, it won't be his first. 
5 Things To Know About President Obama's Budget 
Jeb Bush Finds His Stride In New Hampshire, But Is It Too Late? 
Towns to watch tonight: 
4 Things The New Hampshire Primary Will Tell Us 
Farm Contractors Balk At Obamacare Requirements 
These Are The New Hampshire Towns To Watch On Primary Night 
3 Tiny New Hampshire Towns Vote At Midnight. Do They Predict Anything? 
Wondering what JebBush says right before the New Hampshire primary? Follow JessicaTaylor and DonGonyea 
WATCH: Republicans  Then And Now  Talking About Drug Addiction 
It's not just how they say "yoooge," Sanders and Trump have more in common than you think. 
NH Primary Folo: nhpr amp; wgbhnews ailsachang dongonyea JessicaTaylor asmamk tamarakeithNPR sarahmccammon 
Meet the man who keeps NH first here: 
The Stream: Cruz On Drafting Women; Jeb Bush Won't 'Blame Obama' 
EXPLAINED: How a vote for an establishment candidate in New Hampshire might just turn into a vote for Trump 
'The Big Dog' Bill Clinton Turns Into The Attack Dog Against Sanders In N.H. 
New Hampshire Celebrates A Century Of Voting First 
5 Ways Bernie Sanders And Donald Trump Are More Alike Than You Think 
'Us' Vs. 'I, I, I' For Some Democrats In What Used To Be Clinton Country 
Why A Vote For Jeb Bush Could Be A Vote for Trump In The New Hampshire Primary 
From neighboring VT, Sanders is well known in New Hampshire. Curious about his trajectory? 
In The Light Of The Morning After, How Bad Was Rubio's Repetition? 
Fact Check: GOP Candidates On Taxes And Downgrades 
The 8th Republican Debate In 100 Words (And 3 Videos) 
Lazy Sunday? Brush up on your New Hampshire primary knowledge with our briefing book: 
Clinton Or Sanders? Young Democrats Weigh In 
With A Little Help From Larry David, Bernie Sanders Does SNL 
Marco-mentum? Rubio talks longest, followed by Cruz then Trump.  barbarasprunt 
By the  Kasich: 100 town halls Christie: Spent 70 days here Bush: Reagan would have been 105 Carson: hundreds of thousands drafted me 
Real time search trends tonight via google. Pretty equal for these candidates: 
Cruz spoke about his half-sister's drug addiction: 
On The Clock: Who's Getting The Most Talking Time In Tonight's Debate 
Talk times  1st break: Cruz: 9:13 Rubio: 6:25 Trump: 6:14 Christie: 4:59 Bush: 3:46 Carson: 3:37 Kasich:2:57 
Cruz on immigrants in the country illegally - We're going to build a wall. lt;looks at Trumpgt; "I have someone in mind to build it" 
Fact check: Were Kasich's town halls more fun than this debate? 
Kasich: My 100 town hall meetings in NH were more positive than this debate 
20 minutes into the debate, Jeb Bush gets his first question. cc barbarasprunt  
Your state got hit by a massive snow storm, you didn't even want to go back - Rubio, to Christie, getting boos from audience 
President Obama is undertaking a systematic effort to change America, make it more like rest of the world, says Marco Rubio  
"This is great, I want you all to mention me when you say something" -Ben Carson  
Cruz says he heard reports Carson was ending his campaign from CNN: 
Tonight: Follow DomenicoNPR JessicaTaylor NPRrelving titonka for debate updates amp; analysis today. 
Sober moment as Ben Carson speaks about staffer who passed away and rumors that he was dropping out on Iowa night  
1st question -- "I actually think I have the best temperament" - Donald Trump  
WATCH: Republican Presidential Debate 
WATCH: The Republican presidential debate starting soon, with updates to come from titonka  
Ahead of tonight's debate, here are 3 things to watch from NPR's MaraLiasson (hint: Rubio, Rubio) 
Happy 30 years in radio to NPR National Political Correspondent DonGonyea! 
Even Indie Bernie Feels the Undertow of Politics as Usual 
Wonder about the candidates wives? More factoids: 
Get ready for New Hampshire Tuesday: 
Follow npr on Snapchat ! 
Fact Check: Clinton And Sanders On Campaign Finance 
New Hampshire Republican Debate: 3 Things To Watch Saturday Night 
An Ode To The Also-Rans In American Politics 
Who Is Moscow's Favorite Among The U.S. Presidential Candidates? 
States Not Waiting To Close Gender Wage Gap 
 Bernie Or Hillary. Sexist or Nah? 
5 Things You Should Know Before the New Hampshire Primary 
LISTEN: Correspondent Don Gonyea's New Hampshire Playlist 
ICYMI: The only Democratic debate before the N.H. primaries was full of friendly fire. 
'Boy In The Bubble': Marco Rubio Taking Punches From All Corners In N.H. 
Struggling in the polls, Bush fully leans into his family's 12 years in the White House. 
READ: What is a progressive, anyway? And why did it matter in last night's  
CALL OUT: Do you live in Virginia? Have you been an delegate at either the GOP or Democratic convention? We want to hear about it. DM us. 
New polling from WBUR: 
The Clintons have a long history in New Hampshire. More on the upcoming primary: 
Clinton's emails (and their relevance to the election) explained: 
Hillary Clinton's Emails: 5 Questions Answered 
Democrats Debate: What Is A Progressive And Who Wants To Be One? 
Barbara Bush Hits The Trail For Son, Jeb Bush 
Last Clash Before N.H. Puts Clinton, Sanders In A Field Of Friendly Fire 
Here's everything you need to know about last night's Democratic debate: 
The 5th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (And A Video) 
When asked if the candidates would consider each other as future vice presidents, Sen. Sanders' pivot: 
Candidates respond to the  in the home stretch of tonight's  
Sanders: Workers are working longer hours for lower wages. Free trade is why. READ our analysis: 
On electability, Hillary Clinton points out she has been well vetted.   
Hillary Clinton: "I am 100 confident," that nothing will come from the security review of her email account. 
No, Coin Flips Did Not Win Iowa For Hillary Clinton. Explained by DomenicoNPR 
Catch up on tonight's debate here: 
When asked which country poses the greatest threat to the United States, Sanders responded North Korea. 
Clinton makes a strong pivot on her Iraq vote. 
Sanders on why he's not participating in the public financing system: 
WATCH NOW: The first Democratic debate after the Iowa caucuses. 
After the first commercial break, Sanders and Clinton come out swinging on Wall Street and finance 
New Hampshire Debate: Clinton, Sanders Split Sharply On 'Progressive' 
Thoughts? 
First dig at Clinton... 
WATCH: Clinton and Sanders Face Off In New Hampshire. Starting now: 
Bush responding to a question in a town hall about how climate change is affecting the NH moose population. 
Curious what happened on the ground in New Hampshire today? Follow scottdetrow and asmamk 
Activist DeRay Mckesson Enters Baltimore Mayoral Race; Donations Flood In 
Heading Into New Hampshire, GOP 'Front-Runners' Are Anything But 
Rewrite The Constitution? Several States Are Trying To 
Obama proposes a gas tax: 
Still wondering what the deal was with the coin toss? It's explained here: 
POLITICS PODCAST - IOWA EDITION: Coin tosses, Cruz, and razor-thin wins. We recap it all. 
24 of adults following the election in the past week found cable TV news "most helpful." 
Curious about Marcomentum? Follow marcorubio's event today with asmamk's tweets + read: 
Coming out of Iowa, Rubio is drawing larger crowds; More the signs on 'Marco-mentum' 
On the ground in New Hampshire... 
READ: How does New Hampshire maintain its first-in-the-nation primary status? One man. 
Cable TV News Named As Most Helpful Source This Election 
Winning both Iowa and New Hampshire is more rare than you might think. More facts: 
New Hampshire Primary: Meet The Man, The Guard Dog, Who Keeps It First 
Signs of 'Marco-mentum' for Rubio In New Hampshire 
Rick Santorum Drops Out, Endorses Marco Rubio For President 
JUST NOW: Santorum suspending Presidential bid. Pledges support to Marco Rubio. 
At a mosque in Baltimore, President Obama has a message for American Muslims. 
'Trumpertantrum': Trump Says Cruz Cheated In Iowa, Wants Results Overturned 
New Pardon Chief In Obama Justice Department Inherits A Huge Backlog 
Following the Rubio campaign in NH, when asked about Eisenhower's "military industrial complex" warnings: 
Army, Marine Corps Generals Say Women Should Have To Register For The Draft 
With 7 of the original 17 out, the GOP field is starting to narrow. 
READ: Many voter laws still in flux, even as Americans start heading to the polls. 
Politics Podcast: Tossing Coins In Iowa And Ted Cruz's Win 
Clinton won Iowa by the narrowest of margins, but not because of the a coin-toss. Fact check: 
Rand Paul Drops Out Of White House Race 
Rand Paul suspends his campaign. 
Coin-Toss Fact Check: No, Coin Flips Did Not Win Iowa For Hillary Clinton 
If you missed it this morning, listen online or on your phone to analysis of last night's  
mkramer NPR IowaPublicRadio We did! Had great contributions from the amazing Clay_Masters but can always do more! 
What questions do you have about the Iowa caucuses? Our podcast team will try to answer tamarakeithnpr samsanders 
6 Headlines That Tell The Story Of The Iowa Caucus Results 
How It Happened: 6 Things That Explain The Iowa Caucus Results 
Cruz Deals Trump a Setback in Iowa; Clinton Edges Sanders 
All Politics Is Personal At A Small-Town Democratic Caucus 
Hillary Clinton has won the Iowa caucuses, according to the Iowa Democratic Party. Clinton: 699.57 Sanders: 695.49 Outstanding: 2.28 
Cruz Wins Iowa Republican Caucus; Clinton, Sanders Still Too Close To Call 
In Iowa, Cruz wins GOP caucuses; Clinton and Sanders too close to call: 
LISTEN: Bernie Sanders live at 
With the race still up in the air, Sanders takes the stage. 
With the race not called in the Democratic side, Clinton addresses supporters. 
Hillary Clinton has taken the stage in Iowa. Listen in: 
The party is over at Trump headquarters. 
Clinton/Sanders race still close. Follow live results here: 
samsanders from Sanders HQ: The whole night this race has gotten closer and closer and closer and Sanders fans think they can pull it out. 
With 90 of caucuses reporting, Clinton is only ahead of Sanders by 4 projected delegates 
Cruz supporters celebrate as they wait for victory speech. 
Heard on air: You just heard a very humble Donald Trump, I guess he had some humble pie.  MaraLiasson 
Meanwhile, supporters wait for Hillary Clinton in the Olmsted Center at Drake University. 
realDonaldTrump's parting words to his supporters in Iowa after a second place finish tonight. 
Marco Rubio speaking live in Iowa. Listen at 
Heard on Air: DonGonyea at Trump HQ: [Trump] has a loss under his belt. 
The GOP field begins to narrow as GovMikeHuckabee suspends campaign. 
Mike Huckabee Ends His White House Campaign 
Martin O'Malley Ends Presidential Bid 
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz projected to be the GOP winner: 
Sources confirm to tamarakeithNPR Martin O'Malley will suspend his campaign tonight. 
NEW: O'Malley dropping out tonight, source close to the campaign confirms to tamarakeithNPR 
Heard on air: IA Gov. Branstad on why he did not endorse Cruz: "Unfortunately he has been an opponent of renewable fuels." 
LISTEN: Live coverage of the  online and on your phone at 
Heard on air: [After tonight], I think its going to be a two maybe three person race.  Bob Vander Plaats, an Iowan conservative leader 
Iowa results will be coming in soon. Follow our live coverage at 
Heard on air: The Clinton campaign expected the race to be close in the early stage... Hillary leads in 47 or 48 states.  guycecil 
He tells it like it is, hes going to shake things up, he cant be bought, hes his own boss. DonGonyea on how caucus-goers describe Trump 
The number of first-time caucus goers on the GOP side is also up  another good sign for Trump. 
Special coverage of the  starts now. Follow it all at 
Ever wonder how Iowa got to go first? We did. More: 
What's a caucus? Iowans gather in neighborhood meetings, speak on behalf of candidates and try to persuade others. 
Want to know more about the Iowa caucuses? Follow our coverage tonight at 
Follow our coverage of the Iowa caucuses tonight at 
Iowa weather report from tamarakeithNPR: Balmy 44 in Des Moines. 
The Iowa Caucuses Explained ... By Broadway? 
Women And The Generational Divide Between Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders 
2015 Brought Big Money For Clinton And Bush; Sanders Led In Small Contributions 
The Stream: Iowa Caucuses Edition 
Campaign reporter asmamk found the 'perfect state' for 1st voting. Her twitter chat is over at MorningEdition on 
On The Bubble: Whose White House Dreams Will Burst First? 
The Iowa Caucuses: 5 Things To Watch 
In Iowa, Campaign Season Finds Muslims Caught In A Harsh Spotlight 
'I'm Not Electing A Pastor In Chief'  How Iowa's Evangelicals Are Deciding : NPR 
'I'm Not Electing A Pastor In Chief'  How Iowa's Evangelicals Are Deciding 
Donald Trump Tests Culture And Character Priorities For Evangelicals 
What Young Republicans Have To Say About Their Party's Candidates 
How Predictive Are Iowa And New Hampshire? 
Donald Trump Holds Up A Bible In Appeal To 'The Evangelicals' 
Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump Narrowly Ahead In Final Poll Before Iowa 
Clinton And Sanders Agree To More Debates, Argue Over Details 
Behind The Music: Bernie Sanders 
Leaving Iowa Behind, John Kasich Fights On In New Hampshire 
How Exactly Do The Iowa Caucuses Work? 
Heidi Cruz Campaigns Hard To Show Softer Side Of Husband Ted Cruz 
Clinton Runs As Wonk In Chief, Trying To Win Hearts With Plans 
From Axes To Flip Flops: A Peek At 200 Years Worth Of American Political Schwag 
The Perfect State Index: If Iowa, N.H. Are Too White To Go First, Then Who? 
6 Takeaways From The New Hillary Clinton Emails 
 Megyn Kelly's Body Politic 
Download NPR's 2016 Iowa Briefing Book 
Trump's New Jab At Ted Cruz: 'An Anchor Baby In Canada' 
Why Does Iowa Vote First, Anyway? 
Politics Podcast: Knocking On Doors With Bernie, And Negative Snapchat 
Ahead Of Iowa Caucuses, Hillary Clinton Battles Email Probes 
Trump-less Debate Sets A New Standard, But With A Familiar Outcome 
How Do Voters Really Feel This Election? We Asked 
In the final GOP debate before the Iowa caucus, Cruz and Rubio dominate time. 
Speaking times after 5th commercial break. 
From the stream: Without Trump, candidates to go after each other. Best example so far: Rubio, Bush and citizenship. 
And the gloves are off. Sen. Rubio and Sen. Cruz go head to head on immigration. More: 
After the third commercial break, Cruz continues to lead in speaking time with Bush and Rubio gaining.  
On The Clock: Who's Getting The Most Speaking Time In Tonight's Debate 
At the first commercial break, Cruz leads in speaking time. 
From  Rick Santorum says Trump invited him to rally, not other way around sarahmccammon @ 
Trump's absence is the focus of the opening statements in tonight's GOP debate 
FOLLOW: Live analysis of tonight's debate: 
The Stream: Iowa GOP Debate Edition 
Voters Don't See Trump As Religious, But Also Don't Seem To Care 
Sanders Health Is 'Very Good,' Says Doctor 
In Wake Of Videos, Planned Parenthood Investigations Find No Fetal Tissue Sales 
'The Best And Worst Of Politics': Two-Time Mayor, Felon Buddy Cianci Dead At 74 
The Last Candidate To Skip The Final Iowa Debate? Ronald Reagan 
6 Questions Ahead Of The Trump-Fox Split-Screen Squirmish 
Just In: Trump announces he will hold an event during tomorrow night's debate, which he has said he will skip. 
Sanders: Obama Has 'Tried To Be Fair' In Primary Race 
Sidestepping Iowa, John Kasich Is Hedging His Bets On New Hampshire 
Is this primary system no way to pick a president? 6 other ways to do it via titonka RE 
Meet 'The Tenth,' A Slick New Magazine For Queer Black Men 
President Obama Wants More Funds To Feed Low-Income Kids In Summer 
Trump Says He 'Probably Won't Bother Doing' Thursday Fox Debate 
Is this primary system no way to pick a president? 6 other ways to do it via titonka 
White House Adviser On 'Devastating Consequence' Of Solitary Confinement 
'FiveThirtyEight' Measures Impact Of Presidential Newspaper Endorsements 
WATCH: Clinton And Sanders Duel In Ads Ahead Of Iowa 
No Way To Pick A President? Here Are 6 Other Ways To Do It 
Trump Nabs Endorsement Of Top Evangelical Leader 
Longtime White House Protester Dies, After Vigil That Started In 1981 
8 Things You Missed At Democrats' Final Iowa Town Hall 
LISTEN: Billionaire Charles Koch Says He's Behind On Political Spending 
Trump Hammers Birther Charge, Dismisses Cruz As 'The Canadian' 
Federal Task Force Recommends Reducing Number Of Inmates By 60,000 In 10 Years 
The Outlook For Wages Brightens, But Not So For Wall Street 
michiganradio wants to see your  selfies. Questions to consider here: 
How do you feel about this election? (tweet us - text or emoji ok) 
This week NPR + stations are talking about voter mood. Follow station convos here: 
Here's Why Voters Are So Anxious This Election 
Some Republicans in NH are wondering If Trump's campaign Is an 'Ambien Dream' nhpr 
Pinch Me? Some Republicans Wonder If Trump's Campaign Is An 'Ambien Dream' 
Iowa Paper Endorses Rubio, Clinton; Says Sanders Is Unrealistic 
Donald Trump: I Could 'Shoot Somebody, And I Wouldn't Lose Any Voters' 
Billionaire Former N.Y. Mayor Bloomberg Eyeing Possible White House Bid 
Activists Mobilize Iowa's Growing Latino Population Towards Caucuses 
Politics 101: A College Class Gets Up Close And Personal With The Iowa Caucuses 
Politician Takes To Tinder To Ignite Voters' Interest 
Meet The Candidates In 100 Words And 60 Seconds 
How Sarah Palin Paved The Way For Donald Trump 
 Bernie Sanders And His berniethoughts 
This Election, Anger And Frustration Isn't Just On The Right 
Politics Podcast: Hot Peppers, Attack Ads And The Return Of Sarah Palin 
Stripping Conservative Magazine Of Debate Is Latest Sign Of GOP's Trump Nerves 
Trump Champions The 'Silent Majority,' But What Does That Mean In 2016? 
Flint Mayor: 'Politics And Profit' Perpetuated Lead-Tainted Water Crisis 
Hillary Clinton's Elixir: Can A Hot Pepper A Day Boost Immunity? 
Clinton Offers Bipartisan Olive Branch; But Is It In Season? 
"When I'm not actually running for something ... the Republicans say the nicest things about me." -Hillary Clinton: 
Flashbacks To 2008? No, Clinton Says, 'I Feel Very Positive' 
Transcript: NPR's Interview With Hillary Rodham Clinton 
Clinton tells npr 'Top Secret' Email revelation changes 'nothing.' Calls it politics: 
Hillary Clinton And Jeb Bush Agree On At Least One Thing 
'Top Secret' Email Revelation Changes 'Nothing,' Clinton Says 
Food Fight Fizzles As Senate Nears Compromise on School Nutrition Rules 
'Camp Cruz': The Surplus Iowa Dorm Filled With Cruz Volunteers 
Politics Podcast: Not All Polls Are Created Equal 
Bernie Sanders' New, More Aggressive, Campaign Game 
Santorum Struggles To Regain 2012 Momentum 
New Study Shows Millennials Drive A Rise In Latino Eligible Voters 
Supreme Court To Review If Obama Immigration Actions Were 'Faithfully Executed' 
Gun Stocks Up, But Activists Move To Expand Anti-Investment Push 
Kids ask the darndest things Esp on the campaign trail tamarakeithNPR 
'Hidden History' Of Koch Brothers Traces Their Childhood And Political Rise 
Politics Podcast: Not All Polls Are Created Equal 
Sarah Palin Endorses Donald Trump 
NEW: Donald Trump endorsed by Sarah Palin. Trump: "She is ...a high quality person whom I have great respect for." 
Once Upon A Time, Congress Cut Deficits; Now CBO Says That's Over 
An Employee Mistakenly Steps Into Politics; Can The Government Retaliate? 
Hillary Clinton's Precocious Kid Questioners 
For Growing Partisan Divide, The Bridge Is Still Out 
Cruz Questions Trump's Temperament As Commander In Chief 
Citing 'Two Corinthians,' Trump Struggles To Make The Sale To Evangelicals 
Unlikely Advocates Push To Give 16-Year-Olds A Vote  And A Voice 
Backlash After Singer Waves Taiwanese Flag Rouses Ruling Party Tensions 
The 4th Democratic Debate In 100 Words (Plus A Vine And 2 Videos) 
NPR on the presidential campaign trail today: Follow JessicaTaylor with Trump LibertyU amp; sarahmccammon with Cruz. 
Republicans' White, Working Class Trap: A Growing Reliance 
Clinton Finds Herself In A Real Debate As First Voter Tests Loom 
Who do you think came out ahead in tonight's  Catch up here  
Clinton: "Every single American should be outraged" by what's happening in Flint, Mich.  
Clinton says she'll use Bill Clinton as a goodwill emissary to travel country amp; look for solutions to problems  
Sanders: Public policy has not caught up with the explosion of technology  
So far, Clinton and Sanders sparred on health care, policing and Wall Street. Foreign Policy is up next  
NBC moderators say foreign policy coming up after the break. So far, much bigger presence in GOP debates nprdebates 
Sanders sparred with Clinton over health care and the Affordable Care Act. 
Did Glass-Steagall really cause the 08 financial crisis?  
More on Clinton's speaking fees here:  
Clinton: We have to get out the vote among younger voters. We can all agree that we don't want the [GOP] to have the White House  
As tamarakeithNPR notes, this is really a pragmatist vs idealist debate b/w Clinton and Sanders  
Sanders re health care: "It's not the rational way to go forward ... it's whether we have the guts"  
Clinton calls ACA one of "greatest accomplishments" of Obama, Democratic party  
Sanders calls Clinton description of his plan 'Nonsense' Says his plan finally provides health care to all "as a right"  
Clinton: I am absolutely committed to universal health care. Hits Sanders for 'starting over again' when ACA is already done  
Sanders: We need a revolution in this country in terms of mental health treatment  
Sanders: "Let me talk about polling ... guess what, in Iowa, New Hampshire, the race is very close"  
Holt/NBC Death of Walter Scott played into feeling among black men that their lives are cheap. True? Clinton: Sadly, it's reality  
O'Malley: I've never met a self-respecting gun owner that needed an AR-15 to down a deer  
Clinton: I have made it clear Sen. Sanders has voted with the NRA, the gun lobby  
Sanders: I support what President Obama is doing re: closing gun show loopholes  
WATCH: Sunday Night Democratic Debate 
Democratic debate starting now. Watch here and chat with NPR's politics team at  
