text 
Clinton: Researchers can't study marijuana because it's a Schedule I drug. Mostly False. 
No, Target didn't put urinals in a women's bathroom. But lots of Facebook users think so. 
175 countries signed the  last Friday. That set a 1-day world record. 
Clinton's Mostly False claim that researchers can't study marijuana 
 "by far the largest no. of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day." True. 
On GMA Clinton said researchers can't study marijuana because it's a Schedule I drug 
No, Target didn't put urinals in a women's bathroom. But lots of Facebook users think so. 
SirDoubtsALot We checked a very similar statement he made that referenced the "richest 80" as opposed to 60 people: 
Hillary Clinton: Researchers can't study marijuana because it's a Schedule I drug 
The  indeed made history. Read how 
Fact-checking the Northeast primaries with our partners billy_penn and politifactri! 
We're coming for ya! 
From our partners at the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. ajc 
Lead paint; still a thing? 
Our Editor, AngieHolan is spreading the PolitiFact way in Louisiana today! 
Side-by-side comparison of how each Republican presidential candidate has stacked up on our  
Side-by-side comparison of how each Democratic presidential candidate has stacked up on our  
Five states are voting today. Are you up to date on the most recent candidate statement rankings? 
An old hoax: Jay-Z amp; Beyonce aren't trying to buy rights to the Confederate flag  
It's  Grim but right. 1 African child dies about 2 minutes from malaria. 
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Bernie Sanders' Mostly True claim about low voter turnout among the poor. 
Jerry Jones: 'Absurd' to link football amp; Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy. Pants on Fire! 
Trump, Cruz and Kasich on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Fact-checking Bernie Sanders claim that Jim Kenneys soda tax is regressive  
Trump's Mostly True claim about the number of manufacturing jobs Penn. has lost:  
Who's more powerful: The Human Rights Campaign or the NRA? 
Clearing up where Sanders and Clinton stand on the  debate: 
Thanks for reading, BernieSanders!  
Tonight's debate between USRepDavidJolly amp; AlanGrayson begins at 7. Watch it here: Follow PolitiFactFL for more. 
Did Cruz win more votes in WI than Trump did in the much bigger state of NY? Yes he did. 
Cruz: Trump wants to let "a grown man pretending to be a woman" into women's restrooms 
Sanders: Soda tax would disproportionately raise taxes on Philly's low-income families 
An old hoax: Jay-Z amp; Beyonce aren't trying to buy rights to the Confederate flag  
It's  Grim but right. 1 African child dies about 2 minutes from malaria. 
NC Gov, under fire over HB2, says Human Rights Campaign is 'more powerful than the NRA' 
Andrew Jackson was the only president to bring the national debt to zero. 
Jerry Jones: It's 'absurd' to link football amp; Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy 
To be sure, about every 2 minutes an African child dies from malaria  
Trump's claim about the number of manufacturing jobs Penn. has lost: billy_penn 
Factcheckers agree, as does USAIDGH. Grim either way, but closer to 1 every 2 minutes. 
The  is tomorrow. Did you know there is a PolitiFact Pennsylvania? billy_penn 
Join PolitiFactFL tonight at 7 for the debate between USRepDavidJolly and AlanGrayson. 
Compare the Democratic presidential candidates on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Compare the GOP presidential candidates' Truth-O-Meter records: 
Sunday, ABC interviewed Charles Koch. A fact-check from our archives about Koch's long-time political activity: 
"Poor people don't vote," said Bernie Sanders. The numbers back his claim. 
Remember why HillaryClinton won't see most of the money George Clooney raised last weekend? 
Were Saudi groups controlled by government when they helped create al-Qaida? Not clear. 
Remember why top Washington politicians can't be earning $200K for giving speeches? 
Who started al-Qaida? Bob Graham says it's Saudi Arabia. The truth is a bit more complex. 
Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Tonight you can have it all: The return of  + our meetthepress fact-checks: 
Who killed more terrorists? Obama or Bush? It depends 
On 60Minutes is DavidJollyFL, first elected in 2014 by special election. Here's his PolitiFactFL scorecard 
Our fact-checks from today's meetthepress with chucktodd feature Bob Graham and BernieSanders: 
How many times has realdonaldtrump earned a True rating? Just three 
Bob Graham said, We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida, but it's not clear-cut. 
Bernie Sanders on meetthepress: In the 2014 election, "80 of poor people did not vote." 
Browse our Pants on Fire! rulings 
And then DineshDSouza reacts to our fact-check 
Dinesh D'Souza incorrectly places BernieSanders in the top 1 percent 
Gov. PatMcCroryNC said the Human Rights Campaign is more powerful than the NRA. False 
Ever wonder who pays for PolitiFact? Who's behind this website? Here are the facts. 
Come work for PolitiFact! We're hiring an immigration fact-checker 
Compare the records of the Democrats running for president 
Want PolitiFact in your in box? Sign up for our weekly email newsletter 
Want to understand the PolitiFact process? Here are our principles 
We're fact-checking meetthepress as we do every Sunday. Watch for our report later today 
realDonaldTrump says "Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race." Mostly True 
Did you hear on  that dolphins are rapists? They're not 
It's True. BernieSanders has never felt the burn of PolitiFact's Pants on Fire rating 
Check out the work by PolitiFactNC. They've done about 10 HB2 fact-checks so far. 
A couple weeks ago, HillaryClinton said she is the sole target of Wall Street this election cycle. Pants on Fire! 
From the archives: Donald Trump said "The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008" That's False. 
tedcruz takes most Maine delegates at state convention. See our tip sheet on the GOP delegate process. 
tedcruz takes most Maine delegates at state convention. See our tip sheet on the GOP delegate process. 
Cosmic convergence. BarackObama and realDonaldTrump agree on NC  law. NC claims here. 
Bad call! Cowboys owner says link between brain injury and pro football is "absurd." 
Bad call! Cowboys owner says link between brain injury and pro football is "absurd." 
Donald Trump cites Colorado caucus system as rigged. False! Here's the truth. 
Cosmic convergence. BarackObama and realDonaldTrump agree on NC  law. NC claims here. 
Virginia restores  for 200,000 ex-felons. Pols love this topic:Accuracy varies. 
Donald Trump said again Thurs. on Fox that the delegate system is rigged. A primer: 
Democrats added superdelegates after losses of McGovern in '72 and Carter in '80. 
Cosmic convergence. BarackObama and realDonaldTrump agree on NC  law. Check the claims coming out of NC. 
Superdelegates have been around for Democrats since 1984. What they've done. 
Are dolphins "rapists"? Scientists told us no. 
Virginia restores  for 200,000 ex-felons. Pols love this topic:Accuracy varies. 
Superdelegates: Democratic Chairwoman Schultz says they have never been a factor in nom. 
It's not easy for anybody, but Donald Trump has scored a True three times. Here they are: 
Donald Trump says he knows walls. But did he know about the Great Wall of China? 
Recap: Clooney claim that most $$$ he raised a week ago won't go to HillaryClinton is... 
Recap: BernieSanders claim about $200K for "Washington politicians" not on the money. 
Virginia restores  for 200,000 ex-felons. We have 100 fact-checks about voter ID, and voting laws. 
Bad call! Cowboys owner says link between brain injury and pro football is "absurd." 
Number of fatal marijuana overdoses in the U.S. in 2015: Zero. Same for 2014. 
Pol who claims he "wrote PA's Gun Safety Law" wasn't in office when gun laws were written. 
Binge-watching  tonight? Read our fact-check: 
Bernie Sanders says marijuana possession "should not be a federal crime." 
Tina Fey's character on KimmySchmidt: "Dolphins are rapists. Look it up." We looked it up. 
"Marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin. That is nuts." -- BernieSanders 
Congressional candidate mailer claims credit for state Gun Safety Law that doesn't exist. 
KofiAnnan in HuffingtonPost: No proof tougher drug laws = less use. Mostly True 
We had some fun today, checking a False claim made by Tina Fey's KimmySchmidt character. 
Andrew Jackson was the only US president to fully eliminate the national debt. 
MattDaley210 Send a link to her statement, please! 
Sorry to interrupt your netflix binge, but we've got a fact-check for you: 
BernieSanders says marijuana not a killer drug like heroin. 
Donald Trump told Fox News last night that Ted Cruz is mathematically eliminated. Our look: 
Experts say Gov. McCrory wrong -- gay rights group HRC doesn't come close to NRA in clout. 
Human Rights Campaign (HRC) does have more Twitter followers than NRA. 
N.C. gov says human rights group (1.5 million members) more powerful than NRA (4.5 million) 
McCrory: HRC = NRA? NRA political spending 7.5 times greater than Human Rights group. 
Human Rights Campaign (HRC) wants appearance to rule in which bathroom is used. 
McCrory's HRC-NRA claim came as he defended N.C. transgender bathroom bill. 
N. Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory claims gay rights group HRC is "more powerful than the NRA." 
There's the NRA, the AARP, and Big Pharma. But have you heard of the HRC? 
What you need to know about climate change.  
Robby Mook says Clinton gets 0.2 of campaign donations from oil, gas employees. Mostly True 
KofiAnnan in HuffingtonPost: No proof tougher drug laws = less use. Mostly True 
Democratic politician claims credit for Gun Safety Law that never passed. 
Frmr UN Sec Gen Kofi Annan: No proof tougher laws = less drug use. Experts agree. 
Anatomy of a False claim: Penn. politician on how he "wrote" the state's Gun Safety Law. 
Prez candidates on guns 3: Was Sanders correct to report that NRA report card rates him D-? 
Prez candidates on guns 2: Did Feinstein say she would round up all guns, as Ted Cruz said? 
Prez candidates on guns 1: Did Bernie Sanders flip-flopped on liability for manufacturers? 
Clinton ad: No one fighting harder against guns. Here's some gun claims by the candidates. 
Leaked cables show State Dept. in 2009 opposed Haiti's 40 cent min. wage increase. 
A round-up of our recent climate change fact-checks on this  
Was Andrew Jackson the only US president to eliminate the national debt? 
Need a primer on how PolitiFact works? This will get you up to speed. 
Ben Carson says Andrew Jackson was the last president to eliminate national debt. 
Things that are not true, part 3. Zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid. 
Things that are not true, part 2. GMO mosquitos are spreading Zika. 
Things that are not true, part 1. Milk from goats with arthritis cures HIV. 
RT host: Clinton's State Dept. helped pressure Haiti not to raise the min. wage. Half True. 
Ben Carson: Andrew Jackson was the last president to eliminate national debt. Mostly True. 
markvFSU Send us a link! 
Clinton recalls Obama's fight to win over her supporters in '08, her claim rates Mostly True 
Was Andrew Jackson the only US president to bring national debt to zero? 
Clinton says history shows she can win over Sanders backers. She's basically right about '08 
Ahead of Earth Day tomorrow, 6 things you should know about climate change: 
660 2016 presidential fact-checks in one list. 
Bernie Sanders has never felt the burn of PolitiFacts Pants On Fire rating 
Thanks for chatting, we'll do it again. Now we're going to read Twitter about the thing people are talking about that we can't confirm. 
Bernie Sanders has been talking about -- and we've been fact-checking him on -- health care spending since 2009. 
We wouldn't say Half True = unknown. Onus is on speaker to prove claim right. They did say it, after all. 
We're working with newsobserver and will_doran. Give at PolitiFactNC a follow! 
U.S. provides about $3 billion in direct annual assistance to Israel. 
Just saying The Process gives 76ers fans chills. He's welcome to reach out. 
Nah, it's a process that includes a group of editors and reporters. We usually create a list of 12-15 "finalists." 
Darts. 
Yessir. Read it here 
Our partners are media orgs that participate in fact-checking. Most but not all newspapers. 
Yes, the hats are made in L.A. ---gt; 
Good time to note: If you think we're biased, you can come work for us amp; bring change from the inside. Apply! 
Serious questions only, please. Yes. 
Would be good to test with the spread of memes on FB and Twitter. 
We list all of our sources, all work is on the record. We give you all the tools to critique our work. On purpose! 
We all need to do our part to make sure we spread factual information online and among our friends. 
We've fact-checked more than 12,000 claims since we launched in 2007, and we now have partners in 17 states. 
The pinocchios are the other guys. We do the Truth-O-Meter. For us, 3 judges sit as a jury and decide rating. 
Hey JoeNBC, have us back! 
We wrote a story, not a fact-check. Our colleague GlennKesslerWP did a fact-check though .. 
We'll be dull again soon enough. 
Half True. 
Now you're going to make everyone click on this link ... 
We can't answet those broad questions. Bernie is the roll call amendment king, though. 
The warranty. Only costs an extra $9.99. 
What do you think KatieLSanders? 
We have managed to stay in business despite 25 False or POF ratings for HillaryClinton. 
ICYMI: Washington wannabees can collect $200K for a speech, but people in office can't. 
We have a whole sister-site for that. Say hi PunditFact! 
realDonaldTrump comes to mind. 
If you hear something worth fact-checking, send us a tip. 
No, we wouldn't pre-judge campaign material. We feel our job is to help voters, not politicians. 
We don't know what they write, they don't know what we write. We're owned by a non-profit journalism school Poynter 
PolitiFact is completely independent from the newspaper editorial board, which also recommended JebBush, so. 
We hear from the candidates and their campaigns all the time. It's always fun. ... okay, that's Mostly False. 
Mostly True, probably. 
We don't think it's that far away. Smart TVs make it possible. Need to build momentum for spreading facts 
Good news, we have friends up north, too. FactsCan 
Basic standard: Are claims newsworthy? Do they have people wondering, "Is that true?" And no candidate is exempt. 
Not at the moment, but we're big fans of FullFact 
And we see lots of folks in our time line saying Trump isn't a Republican. 
We don't fact-check everything so the data is imperfect. So are the labels. When did Bernie register as a D? 
Only if they get red flags. Seriously, could've used it for the Crowley/Obama/Romney debate from 2012. 
We think about it a lot, be we need a network to go along. Trying to get something together for a fall state race. 
We'd be bad fact-checkers if we grouped entire parties all together. Situations, not parties, seem to be more key. 
We promised a chat last week, so let's do it. What's on your mind? 
Did Hillary Clinton's State Department help suppress the minimum wage in Haiti? 
Did Hillary Clinton's State Department help suppress the minimum wage in Haiti? 
Sign up for PolitiFact's weekly email newsletter. 
We've grown a lot since 2007 --- both in staff, states and the length of our stories! 
Our first-ever Pants on Fire? Joe Biden got that honor in 2007 with this silly claim. 
 to our first fact-check ever. It was a 124-word fact-check of Tommy Thompson, talking about school choice. 
BernieSanders' "Washington politicians" claim ignores rules for Washington politicians. 
Trump: "Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race." 
Does Bernie Sanders make enough money to land in the top 1 
BernieSanders cites "Washington politicians" who have never served in Washington. 
Was Saudis' 'Islamic order and gold medal' to Obama 'unconstitutional'? Mostly False 
Saudi Arabia is "the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries" where women can't drive. True 
"You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia." True. 
Trump's claim that Cruz has been "mathematically" eliminated on 1st ballot is Mostly True. 
"Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world." True. 
Sanders is right: Saudi Arabia more focused on Yemen than fighting ISIS 
"Three or four countries" out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition "are providing military force." Mostly True. 
Sanders says Clinton had 1 line on the Palestinian people in key Israel speech. Mostly False 
A round-up of Donald Trumps misleading complaints about election rigging 
Not even the first nyjets related fact-check ----gt; 
No, Donald Trump, we are not giving Iran $150 billion for 'nothing.' 
You got your Rex Ryan fact-check don't get greedy! 
Here's a primer on FL GOP delegate pics. (False for the Trump campaign) via PolitiFactFL 
Jets fans probably all knew this. 
Pundit Dinesh D'Souza incorrectly places Bernie Sanders in the top 1 
Want fun history? We've got your fun history. 
$200,000/hr for a speech? BernieSanders short-changes Washington ethics rules. 
Andrew Jackson, who might be booted off the $20 bill, h/t Politico, also may have been involved in cockfighting. 
Sanders says Clinton had 1 line on the Palestinian people in key Israel speech. Mostly False 
Help wanted! We're hiring an additional fact-checker for 2016. 
'Making A Murderer' lawyer: Wisc. pays least to attys who defend poor via PolitiFactWisc 
Big wins for HillaryClinton and realDonaldTrump in NY yesterday. Let's look at the 2016 scorecards: 
Diane_Sheehan Thanks for reading and sharing, Diane! 
From Tom in our PolitiFactWisc newsroom. Did you know he was featured on netflix's Making a Murderer? 
BernieSanders ad ignores fact most "Washington politicians" can't accept speaking fees. 
Trump campaign off base on claims on FL delegate selection. False for Lewandowski. 
Clinton and Trump have each taken NY. See what Glenn Beck said about a head to head match up.(He backs Cruz). 
Tax dodging multinationals sucking $200 bn from developing nations? Maybe.  
BernieSanders oversimplifies U.S. NATO contribution. Truth is, no simple  works. 
Trump calls Colo. caucus system "rigged," "crooked." It's confusing, but he knew the rules. 
Clinton and Trump have each taken NY. See what Glenn Beck said about a head to head match up.(He backs Cruz). 
Trump calls Colorado caucus system 'rigged,' but there's no proof rules favor anyone. 
As New Yorkers weigh in, we look at the presidential scorecards 
BernieSanders oversimplifies U.S. NATO contribution. Truth is, no simple  works. 
Trump manager Corey Lewandowski botches claim on FL delegate selection via PolitiFactFL 
With SCOTUS oral arguments on  we review where realDonaldTrump stands  
Memory lane. Kasich's first pass thru the T-o-M. 2010: Ohio picking presidents. 
AIDSFreeGen Thanks for sharing! 
r_hernandez11 Thanks for reading, Ricardo! 
mediumvillain It's supposed to be a gif with an animated arrow and flames.  Thanks for catching! 
BernieSanders oversimplifies U.S. NATO contribution. Truth is, no simple  works. 
DanJWeiss Thanks for reading, Daniel! 
Referenced today by the nytimes: one of our tedcruz fact checks. Health care law nation's 'biggest job-killer'? 
Our wayback machine. 1st Ted Cruz on the Truth-o-Meter. 2011: His opponent skipping forums. 
Time warp - Trump's first time on the T-o-M. 2011: Obama's classmates never saw him. 
Tax dodging multinationals sucking $200 bn from developing nations? Maybe.  
Our wayback machine. Our first check on Hillary Clinton. 2007: CEO pay up; average American wag flat. True. 
Walk down memory lane. Our first check on Sanders. 2009: 99.7 of Americans exempt from estate tax. True. 
Hear something that needs a fact-check? Suggest away with  (We check it. Promise.) 
Tax dodging multinationals sucking $200 bn from developing nations? Maybe.  
Claim about chances of sex assault by an Austin taxi driver is very wrong. PolitiFactTexas 
Obama: No president has killed as many terrorists as I have. 
Sanders: "We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low." Mostly False. 
To quote BartScott57, "Can't wait!" 
Get ready for the NY primary. Here's John Kasich's report card via the Truth-o-meter. 
It's primary day in NY. Get your head into it with Ted Cruz's report card on the Truth-o-Meter. 
Get ready for the New York primary. Here's Bernie Sanders' file from the Truth-o-Meter. 
The New York primary is today. Here's Donald Trump's report card from the Truth-o-Meter. 
The New York primary is today. Here's Hillary Clinton's report card from the Truth-o-meter. 
Did Rubio, Bush rig FL's winner-take-all primary against Trump? Trump won but he's wrong. 
Who killed more terrorists, Obama or Bush? It depends. 
6 million-plus circumcisions in Africa to fight  What the epidemiology tells us. 
Obama: No president has killed more terrorists than I have. 
Who killed more terrorists, Obama or Bush? It depends. 
6 million-plus circumcisions in Africa to fight  What the epidemiology tells us. 
Congrats to our owners, the Tampa Bay Times, Pulitzer Prizes in local and investigative reporting 
6 million-plus circumcisions in Africa to fight  What does the epidemiology tell us? 
Most of the money raised by George Clooney for HillaryClinton will go to other Democrats. 
Donald Trump wrongly says Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush had Florida's winner-take-all primary set 
It's the  Prize's 100th birthday! Did you know that we were the first ever website to win one? 
6 million-plus circumcisions in Africa and the fight against  
We found no questions directly about abortion in nine  transcripts. HillaryClinton BernieSanders 
Yes, most of the $$ Clooney raised for Clinton really goes to downballot races. Here's how: 
Efi2nr It's working for us. What do you mean? 
Fact-checking what George Clooney, PatMcCroryNC said on meetthepress 
ICYMI: Fact-checking last Thursday's  
Most of money raised at exclusive HillaryClinton event will goe to other Democrats? 
PAC formula means HillaryClinton won't get most of the money from Clooney fundraiser. 
George Clooney says most money he raised this weekend won't go to HillaryClinton. 
NC Gov. says Charlotte bathroom ordinance was a "mandate on every private-sector employer." 
Has Bernie Sanders been "a very reliable supporter" of the NRA? Not exactly. 
Sorting out fact from fiction in last night's  
Clinton's Half True claim about a gun law Sanders supported but she didn't.  
Where does Hillary Clinton stand on minimum wage? 
Clinton says US has higher accountability standards for toy guns than real guns 
Clinton says Sanders "has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA." Mostly False. 
From last night's  Does Hillary Clinton want a $15 or $12 minimum wage? 
In  Sanders says he's 'one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.' Mostly True 
In debate, Clinton says GOP plan is 'to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street.' Mostly False 
Read our  fact-checks on the min. wage, guns, abortion and personal wealth: 
Clinton says Democratic debate moderators have not asked any questions about abortion 
We're re-assessing Bernie Sanders' claim about U.S. military spending on NATO. We've removed the item as we consider new evidence. 
In debate, Clinton says GOP plan is 'to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street.' Mostly False 
Fact-checking that exchange about Hillary Clinton's position on minimum wage:  
Clinton says US has higher accountability standards for toy guns than real guns  
Bobbidy Trump did bring it up, but Bernie did say that in 1997. It's not a new issue. JG 
Bernie Sanders' Mostly True claim about Hillary Clinton's minimum wage position: 
BellCV Glad you found it useful. JG. 
Does Hillary Clinton want a $15 or $12 minimum wage?  
NEW: Clinton says Sanders "has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA." 
It's a simple question with a not so simple answer: Is Bernie a Democrat?  
Is Bernie Sanders a Democrat? Yes and no. Let us explain:  
In  Sanders says he's 'one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.' Mostly True 
Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan. Mostly False.  
How much would Bernie Sanders health care plan cost the middle class? More than he lets on  
Hear something you want us to factcheck?   
All of our fact-checks on Israel  
Bernie Sanders thought U.S. NATO spending was 73. He's right.  
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change in Libya. Mostly True.  
From the archives: Clinton said Libyan people have voted twice in 'free and fair elections'  
What's the fracking truth? What Bernie said about Hillary on fracking:  
Sorting out Hillary Clintons fossil fuel contributions  
What are you hearing that needs a fact-check?   
Recent check found Sanders' statistic on black, Hispanic unemployment has merit, but may be out of date  
Fact-checking Bill Clintons defense of his controversial '94 crime bill  
Clinton said gun industry gets unique protection from lawsuits. We rated similar claim False.  
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns  
Check out our big chart on Sanders' votes on gun legislation:  
Bernie Sanders NRA report card: D-minus is most recent grade.  
Hillary Clinton: Bernie Sanders voted against Brady bill 5 times. True.  
Hillary Clinton says U.S. loses 90 people a day to guns. Mostly True.  
A look at Hillary Clinton's claim about Vermont's gun pipeline to New York  
Would $12 min wage be higher than it's ever been, as Clinton says? Half True.  
Clinton has supported $12/hour min wage. Details:  
Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement, killing millions of jobs, Sanders says. Half True.  
Bernie Sanders has released few tax returns compared with past and present candidates  
Here's background on Clinton's Wall Street ties  
Clinton says she called for Wall Street regulations when in the Senate  
Bernie Sanders says U.S. is only major country that doesn't guarantee health care as a right. Half True. 
This story recounts Clinton's positions on the Iraq War.  
Clinton voted for 'virtually every' trade agreement, Sanders says. Half True.  
Did Hillary Clinton say Bernie Sanders 'not qualified' to be president? Not directly  
All of our fact-checks on campaign finance:  
Compare the PolitiFact records of HillaryClinton and BernieSanders  
We're live fact-checking the  tonight! Please RT. 
It's debate night in America! Did you miss it? We kind of did.  
Incineration, biodegradable plastics argue against claim in TheJeffBridges video. 
Experts say TheJeffBridges' comment that no plastic product has been destroyed is rubbish. 
TheJeffBridges says Every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists." 
Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer claims Az. immigration law 'mirrors' federal law. Mostly False. 
Trump says his numbers are better than Reagan's vs. Carter at this point in '80. False. 
Election opponent accuses Hillsborough state attorney Mark Ober of not showing up for work TB_Times annamphillips 
We preview tomorrow night's Democratic debate! 
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton supports and continues "to support fracking." 
Fact-checking foreign trade, China and the Trans-Pacific partnership: 
Fact-checkers playing nice together! factcheckdotorg, too 
Just like this! We'll be adding it to new fact-checks as we go. And on our more popular older fact-checks. 
You'll start seeing it at the bottom of our fact-checks. You can use it to quickly share the fact-check on Twitter or Facebook. 
Today we're launching a new tool that will make it easier to help share the truth. It's called Share the Facts. 
5 fact-checks about foreign trade, TPP, and China 
Bernie Sanders accurately described forced labor in Malaysia. But what's free trade's role? 
This little back-and-forth tells us we don't talk enough. Let's do that more. Maybe a weekly Twitter chat? 50 favs, we'll do it next week. 
TotesBryan the key was the suggestion that women don't need PP, when they do, in fact, a lot of referrals. 
TotesBryan Our partners in Georgia did, yes. Just pulled it up. The raionale is pretty similar to the Hillary-gun fact-check. 
\_()_/ would be pretty cool in some cases. Thanks for reading! 
Thanks Eugene. We sweat over these. And remember, every fact-check is rated by a three-judge panel. 
We agree. For us the key is to couple the rating with the reporting. Then readers can make their own judgments. 
That's an interesting way to look at things we haven't really thought of. Thanks for sharing! 
So what's more important about fact-checks in your mind? 
And others who say the misleading nature of the claim is the bigger issue and believe the rating should be lower. 
We're seeing folks who believe it should be True because the words were accurate. 
HillaryClinton's claim about Vt. guns has stoked some good discussion about how we rate claims that are factually correct but misleading. 
strait2016 That would be a mouthful! This was a tricky one, for sure. Thanks for reading. 
Qvivacious Some of our toughest decisions are balancing accuracy of a statement vs. an intention to mislead. We appreciate your input. 
We rate Clinton's claim about Vermont's gun pipeline to New York Half True 
Bernie Sanders is right. Forced migrant labor is widely documented in Malaysia. 
From archives: what are the facts about gender wage gap? 
Bernie Sanders: Laborers in Malaysia are "working in slave-like conditions." 
Our latest Mailbag: 'You blew this one, and badly.' 
Sanders on potential $620 billion in taxes from U.S. multinationals' overseas profits. 
"Poll after poll after poll" claim by TedCruz lacks recent polls to back him up. 
A few polls short - TedCruz on how he fares against HillaryClinton in national polls. 
A fun fact-check from our partners politifactri: Is Rhode Island 3 bigger at low tide? 
TedCruz says he's beating HillaryClinton in poll after poll after poll. 
Does Cong. Budget Office say US faces decade of 'protracted economic malaise'? Half True 
Does Cong. Budget Office say US faces decade of 'protracted economic malaise'? Half True 
Last month: Clinton says Sanders supported Minutemen, indefinite detention for undocumented 
Sanders on potential $620 billion in taxes from U.S. multinationals' overseas profits. 
Sanders on potential $620 billion taxes from U.S. multinationals' overseas profits. 
Fact-checking the April 10 edition of meetthepress w/ chucktodd True for glennbeck 
Did Clinton vote for "virtually every" trade deal killing millions of jobs, as Sanders says? 
Glenn Beck claims that Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton in all the polls. 
Clinton says Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns. Half True. 
Clinton says Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns. Half True. 
Fact-checking Bill Clintons Philly defense of his controversial crime bill via PolitiFactPA 
DanClarkReports Thanks for reading and sharing, Dan! 
NEW: Trump claim rated by our partners in Arizona. 
Side-by-side tax plan comparison realDonaldTrump, tedcruz, HillaryClinton, BernieSanders 
In bid to restructure Medicaid, does Rep. Tom Price get conclusions of an academic paper right? PolitiFactGA 
Do you love the smartnews app? We do too. Add the PolitiFact channel so you're always first to know whose pants are on fire.  
Watch BernieSanders comments mutate into questions of qualifications for presidency. 
HillaryClinton questions BernieSanders answers; doesn't say he's "not qualified" for presidency. 
TB kills 1.5 million/year. Who's leading the Ramp;D charge to fight it?  
BernieSanders charge against HillaryClinton claim based on media spin. 
Sign up for PolitiFact's weekly email. 
Compare the PolitiFact records of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton 
BernieSanders: HillaryClinton said I'm not qualified for presidency. 
Hey Internet, those claims about Bernie Sanders winning Nevada after all are wrong. 
Compare the PolitiFact records of the Republicans running for president. 
Which happens more: People struck by lightning or instances of voter fraud by impersonation? 
Our guide to the 2016 presidential candidate tax plans: 
Bernie Sanders says his campaign has released his past tax returns. That's wrong. 
AfricaCheck looks at drug company efforts in TB research and development. Not an attractive investment it seems. 
Govts, not drug companies, leading the Ramp;D charge to fight TB.  
Hillary Clinton claims "the economy always does better when theres a Democrat in the White House." Not so. 
Facebook post exaggerates discrepancy between US men's and women's soccer teams 
Which happens more: Ppl struck by lightning or ppl committing voter fraud by impersonation? 
TB kills 1.5 million/year. Who's leading the Ramp;D charge to fight it?  
Fact-checking the woman at Starbucks who heckled FLGovScott, plus the governor's response 
In battle of the super PACS, John Kasich's wins irony award for Cruz attack. 
The woman yelling at Rick Scott in a viral video was kind of right, but kind of not. 
It's pot vs kettle as John Kasich and Ted Cruz mislead in dueling TV ads. 
With a fraction of global TB cases, the U.S. dominates TB Ramp;D. But surprise! Relatively, Singapore rules! 
Yellow card! Posters wrongly claim  earned $20M more in revenue than  in 2015. 
A Mostly False claim about the pay disparity between U.S. men's and women's soccer teams: 
By now you've seen video of a woman heckling FL Gov. Rick Scott at Starbucks. We checked the facts from the spat: 
giggle_shmack We are working on it now, yes. 
aschops We are working on it, yes. 
Super PACs of John Kasich, Ted Cruz trade misleading TV ads. 
SoccerByIves GrantWahl AlexiLalas RobStoneONFOX SoccerInsider We took a break from the campaign to referee this claim about ussoccer 
Does the US women's soccer team get paid 4x less than the men's team, even though they bring in $20M more revenue? 
In  confrontation, FLGovScott said  created 1m jobs on his watch. Mostly True 
In battle of the super PACS, John Kasich's wins irony award for Cruz attack. 
John Kasich super PAC slams Ted Cruz for TV commercial Cruz campaign didn't make. 
From the archives: What is that gun industry liability law all about? 
With a fraction of global TB cases, the U.S. dominates TB Ramp;D. But surprise! Relatively, Singapore rules! 
CAPolitiFact looks into Bill Clinton claim that college loans can't be refinanced 
From our PA partners: 
We love a good comeback story. But 'Nova's win Monday wouldn't classify HillaryClinton 
With a fraction of global TB cases, the U.S. dominates TB Ramp;D. But surprise! Relatively, Singapore rules! 
Bernie Sanders said his campaign has released his past tax returns. False. 
After Wisconsin, the 2016 presidential candidates scorecards 
When Clinton says she has 2.5 million more votes than Sanders, she's pretty close. 
Clinton says she has 2.5 million more votes than Sanders. That's about right. 
From the archives: Is Ted Cruz, born in Canada, eligible to run for president? Probably. 
Did Sanders fundamentally improve the lives of tomato pickers in Florida? Half True. 
PolitiFactNV digs into claim that a NV state senate hopeful supported a "pro-amnesty" bill 
When Clinton says she has 2.5 million more votes than Sanders, she's pretty close. 
Our top 5 most-read fact-checks for March 2016 
Obama said the rate of uninsured Americans is 8.8. But we found it's not that low -- yet. 
Did Sanders fundamentally improve the lives of tomato pickers in Florida? PolitiFactFL 
Our top 5 most-read fact-checks for March 2016 
Is China building a "military fortress" in the South China Sea, as Trump says? 
Our most read factcheck for March: Donald Trump's claim that Trump University got an A. 
New  myth. It liquefies the brain. Torch this one. 
Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan not quite. 
Clinton says she's the only candidate Wall Street has run attack ads against. Pants on Fire! 
And what about Trump's claim that "we've rebuilt China"? 
Is Donald Trump right that China is building a "military fortress" in the South China Sea? 
Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan not quite. 
No, George Soros is not bankrolling John Kasich PolitiFactOhio 
New  myth. It liquefies the brain. Torch this one. 
Some people appear to be using our name in bogus robocalls .... Sad! (It's not us.) 
If you see the rumor that  liquefies the brain, just say NO. 
Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan not quite. 
Half True on Clinton claim that all of her emails have been released. 
After the Fact: Clinton, Sanders campaigns react to our fact-check 
Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan 
Pants on Fire for Hillary Clinton: Says Wall Street only runs ads against her 
Hillary Clinton spins on meetthepress, says she has put out all her emails 
All Clinton emails released? Only true if you ignore the ones she said were personal. 
Clinton emails: 2,093 of 30,940 designated classified after she sent/received them. 
Clinton claim that nearly all emails are out only applies to "work-related" ones. 
Fact-checking Hillary Clinton on 'Meet the Press,' claims about email, Wall Street. 
Hillary Clinton: I have now put out all of my emails." Not if you count "personal" ones. 
Hillary Clinton says she's the only candidate Wall Street is "actually running ads against." 
Trump claims the U.S. funds undocumented immigrants coming over the border 
Here's the deal with Hillary Clintons fossil fuel contributions 
Ad says allowing beer and wine in Colorado grocery stores is "good for everybody." Grab a pint and consider with us. 
BernieSanders IS the roll call amendment king. Behind this check - some incredibly patient research. 
Sorting out Hillary Clintons (and Bernie Sanders') fossil fuel contributions 
NEW! Diving into Colorado's brewhaha over groceries selling full-strength beer and wine. 
Hillary Clinton said 'my predecessors did the same thing' with email 
Hillary Clinton misleads in saying Donald Trump "wants us to pull out of NATO." 
Hillary Clinton: US negotiated agreement that made it easier to get EU flight data 
Hillary Clinton goes too far in saying Donald Trump "wants us to pull out of NATO." 
Trump shackled by lack of evidence in claim of Ted Cruz dirty tricks. 
Media off base in claims about Emory U counseling after Trump incident PolitiFactGA 
Trump meme  Not a shred of clothing for Melania, not a shred of evidence for Donald. 
How did anti-Trump super PAC pick its photo of Melania Trump? Handcuffs! No foolin'! 
Naked Truth: Trump has no evidence that Cruz was behind nude Melania ad. 
Trying to make sense of the delegate rules? PolitiFact's got you covered. 
Trump shackled by lack of evidence in claim of Ted Cruz dirty tricks. 
Anti-Trump ad with nude Melania was targeted to Mormon women. 
PAC in Trump-Cruz tiff had nice things to say about all GOP candidates, except Donald. 
Handcuffs were the key for deciding which image of Melania Trump super PAC used in meme. 
The naked truth about Melania Trump meme: no evidence Cruz did it. 
Donald Trump can't stop blaming Ted Cruz for nude Melania Trump meme. 
This year's GOP and Dem conventions could be anything but conventional. 
Hillary Clinton earns True for claim torture not effective in terror war. 
How did anti-Trump super PAC pick its photo of Melania Trump? It was the handcuffs. 
Naked Truth: Trump has no evidence that Cruz was behind nude Melania ad. 
Here's the transcript of what Donald Trump told Chris Matthews about abortion, punishing women 
NC Governor: Controversial LGBT law  won't threaten federal funding for public schools 
Trump meme  Not a shred of clothing for Melania, not a shred of evidence for Donald. 
Did EmoryUniversity offer counseling to students upset by pro-Trump messages? PolitiFactGA 
In Context: Transcript of Donald Trump on punishing women for abortion. PolitiFactWisc 
Evidence backs Hillary Clinton claim that torture is counterproductive 
Are Missouri's barber regulations really longer than the book of Revelation? PolitiFactMo 
NC Governor says LGBT law  doesn't take away existing rights. False. via PolitiFactNC 
NC Gov: New LGBT law  won't threaten federal funding for public schools 
Torture can "deeply alter the duration, severity and cost of a conflict." 
Delegates may play a big role in this year's presidential nominations. So how does it work? 
'Parents of bomber would not have IDed son if they thought he would be tortured.' 
Ted Cruz says the EPA tried to regulate puddles and drainage ditches. 
'Sleep deprivation will make you imagine you shot Kennedy.' 
NC Governor says LGBT law doesn't take away existing rights. False. via PolitiFactNC 
Problem with torture: Interrogators can't tell when info is true, may keep torturing. 
Is Donald Trump's shift on abortion comparable to Justin Bieber's? 
Trump's Pants on Fire claim about Michelle Fields' claim that campaign manager grabbed her 
Informant offered key info for finding bin Laden, then was tortured anyway. 
Do China's taxes/tariffs hurt US sales there? realDonaldTrump says so. Trade gurus say no. 
Experts say torture a good source of bad intelligence, back Clinton claim. 
Will any terrorists cooperated with the U.S. if they might be tortured anyway? 
Will suspects cooperate with U.S. if they might be tortured anyway? 
Experts back Hillary Clinton claim that torture is not effective against terrorism. 
Trump's Pants on Fire claim about Michelle Fields and his campaign manager 
Torture gets captives talking, but they'll make up anything to get it to stop. 
Trump: Michelle Fields changed her story since first claiming campaign manager grabbed her 
Hillary Clinton suggests torture is all pain, little gain. 
Hillary Clinton's torture comments at Stanford rated True. 
McCrory's False claim N.C.'s LGBT law doesn't take away existing rights. via PolitiFactNC 
Trump: Michelle Fields changed her story since first claiming campaign manager grabbed her 
Expert backs Clinton: "Torture alienates societies needed for war efforts." 
Hillary Clinton says torture does not work. 
realDonaldTrump blamed high China taxes for trade woes. Not much there, there. 
In a South Florida Congressional race, an attack from the left on DWStweets' position on payday loans. 
Hillary Clinton's torture comments at Stanford rated True. 
timtrice Sorry about that! 
Fixed link to Hillary Clinton's True claim about torture being counterproductive: 
You did it! Thanks to awesome readers, we met our fundraising goal. We are very grateful. 
5 questions you have about 2016 convention delegates, answered 
Thank you for all your help! 
Hillary Clinton: US negotiated agreement that made it easier to get EU flight data 
Thanks for helping spread the importance of political fact-checking RealKidPoker! We'll be here all year. 
BIG thanks to everyone who's donated so far! We couldn't do it without you!  
As I type this, we are literally 1 donor away from getting $15K in matching funds. Be our 1000th donor! 
SeIpsa You can snail mail us a check, if you like. PolitiFact c/o Aaron Sharockman, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg FL 33731-1121 
kdwilliams Thank you for reading! 
Only TEN donors to go! Can you spare a dollar? (There's $15,000 at stake.) 
No smoking gun in FOIA'd emails, despite GroverNorquist's claim of State Dept-Clinton Foundation mixing. 
NC Gov. McCrory claims no threat to federal funds after new  law. via PolitiFactNC 
Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU! 
We only need 27 MORE DONORS to get $15K in matching funds! No amount is too small. 
Only 30 more donations needed to win an extra $15,000 in matching funds. 
Good as time as any to make sure you're following our newest partners, PolitiFactNC. 
Gov. Pat McCrory: No Title IX threat to billions in federal funding after controversial new LGBT law. Half True. 
CapaDew7 Thank you, Sarah! 
GroverNorquist said HillaryClinton State Dept staff sent thank-yous to Clinton Foundation donors. No proof=False. 
Did State staffers thank Clinton Foundation donors, per GroverNorquist? Nope. 
Texas' ag commissioner posts photo of Obama with a T-shirt of Che Guevara. It's doctored. 
Fact-checking claims about Cuba  including one by Raul Castro. 
Iran won't be "ready to go" with military nukes when parts of deal expire, experts say. 
HillaryClinton says Congress failed to fund new  effort. Mostly True. 
HillaryClinton says Congress failed to fund new  effort. Mostly True. 
Read some of our recent fact-checks about Cuba: 
Things to read on a Friday afternoon: Our Pants on Fire file! 
HillaryClinton says Congress failed to fund new  effort. Mostly True. 
Sanders passed 17 roll call amendments in a GOP Congress, more than any other lawmaker. 
Paul Ryan says Cuba is a 'safe harbor' for fugitives and terrorists 
We plan to add to our staff for 2016, thanks to your contributions. 
Donors can remain anonymous. 
We need 148 more donors (at $1 a piece) to unlock $15,000 in matching funds. Help us get over the top! 
Radioactive Trump claim on Iran nuke timetable disputed. 
Trump ignoring Iran pledge to never build nuclear explosive. 
Nothing "ready to go" about Iran nukes, as Donald Trump claims. 
Paul Ryan says Cuba is a 'safe harbor' for fugitives and terrorists 
Yep, Bernie Sanders was the roll call "amendment king" of Congress for 12 years. 
Iran would need time to gear up nuke program after treaty limits expire. 
Read some of our recent fact-checks about Cuba: 
Inspections, equipment limits make Trump ready-to-go nuke prediction unlikely. 
Nine new fact-checks today on Excuse us for the rest of the day. 
No, realDonaldTrump, winning 66 of 67 Florida counties isn't "unprecedented" PolitiFactFL 
Fact-checking claims about Cuba 
Portions of Iran nuclear deal don't expire, raising questions about to Trump claim. 
Bernie Sanders says he passed the most roll call amendments in a Republican Congress: 
Paul Ryan says Cuba is a 'safe harbor' for fugitives and terrorists 
We don't keep track, but we think MittRomney was the previous record holder at 19. MicheleBachmann has 16. 
Expert questions how well Donald Trump has read the Iran nuclear deal. 
Trump: When deal expires, Iran will have military nukes ready. 
In Context: The 'Biden Rule' on Supreme Court nominations in an election year 
Joe Biden on the Truth-O-Meter 
We're not so sure your  scorecard 
Did incomes rise by 1/3 worldwide as USAID chief said? Mostly True. 
Radioactive Trump claim on Iran nuke timetable disputed. 
RDS3Z Thanks for reading, friend! 
Mostly True: BernieSanders' claim about America's 'lowest on earth' voter turnout CAPolitiFact 
TravisFain, thanks for flaggin! Here's the correct link: 
Here's the correct link on extreme poverty: 
FIXED LINK: Trump exaggerates FL primary win. Not unprecedented to take 66/67 counties. 
Paul Ryan says Cuba is a 'safe harbor' for fugitives and terrorists 
USAID chief says incomes rose by 1/3 everywhere 1990-2014. Mostly True. 
Did we really reduce extreme poverty by half in 30 years? 
200 more backers and we unlock $15k in matching funds to expand our 2016 coverage. Can you pitch in a $1? 
tedcruz said Ukraine gave up nukes based on US promises. US was more cagey than that. 
New: Seven Hillary Clinton quotes on the Internet that are complete fakes. 
We made a master list of people human rights groups say are political prisoners in Cuba. 
tedcruz said Ukraine gave up nukes based on US promises. US was more cagey than that. 
OK2LA If you see something specific you want us to fact-check, please email it to us: ruthometerpolitifact.com Thanks! 
USAID head: "Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half." 
tedcruz said Ukraine gave up nukes based on US promises. US was more cagey than that. 
Paul Ryan speaking now on cspan 2 on state of US politics. His Truth-O-Meter record 
Jeb Bush endorses Ted Cruz. Jeb Bush's record on the Truth-O-Meter. 
Trump says Iran is responsible for terror attacks in 25 countries, 5 continents. Half True 
DWStweets says superdelegates never determined Dem nominee. Mostly True. 
Ral Castro suggests there are no political prisoners in Cuba. 
Hope this helps, IanMenard  PolitiFact Sheet: 6 things to know about the Iran nuclear deal 
Proud of our PolitiFact Pennsylvania partner, billy_penn! 
Rep Joe Pitts, R-PA, said 2015 saw an 80 rise in terrorism deaths. Mostly True billy_penn 
5. Thanks to ALL our readers for your support, we couldn't do it without you! 
4. If you're not signed up for our weekly email, sign up here. 
3. More than 100 of our email subscribers signed up last night to help us get more $ for fact-checking. 
2. We have 716 backers for more fact-checking on immigration, we need 1,000 for $15K in matching funds 
1. Many thanks to our email subscribers who supported our Beacon campaign last night. 
Is Donald Trump's 'Art of the Deal' the best-selling business book of all time? No.  
No, Donald Trump, we are not giving Iran $150 billion for 'nothing' 
PA Rep. says 120 Americans die daily from overdoses, exceeding deaths from guns. True 
Some big news for our partners in Pennsylvania. 
Club for Growth ad says Trump's health plan looks a lot like what Clinton wants. True? No. 
Is Donald Trump self-funding his campaign? Sort of 
Bill O'Reilly wrongly said Merrick Garland voted to ban guns in DC via PunditFact 
Clinton: Campaign 'depends on small donations for the majority of our support.' Mostly False 
Nice feature from our partners at NBCNews. 
Check out this awesome graphic made by our friends at the StarTribune! "Assessing the candidates' truthfulness": 
chomtallan thanks for asking! Here are the 5 things we keep in mind when selecting claims to check: 
:) :) 
Aw stop, you're making us blush. 
Fact-checking claims about Israel, including Ted Cruz's attack on Donald Trump  
Fact-checking JohnKasich SenatorReid on meetthepress 
On meetthepress Harry Reid says unlike GOP, Senate Dems never held up a SCOTUS nomination 
Bill O'Reilly wrongly says Merrick Garland voted to ban citizens from having guns in DC 
BREAKING FACT-CHECK: Your bracket is toast.   
Bill O'Reilly: Merrick Garland voted "to keep guns away from private citizens" in DC 
Many more to come, we're certain. 
Clinton ad claims  schools schools rank 45th, amp; are dead last in funding per student. 
7 questions about Obama's Supreme Court nomination, answered 
AggleDetector Thanks! If you have a copy, send it to us at ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Chip in a $1 and help fund a new fact-checking initiative. Your contribution can unlock $15k in matching funds. 
A True for realDonaldTrump: Video shows flag desecration by man who rushed him 
Understanding the 'Biden Rule' on Supreme Court nominations in an election year. 
What did VP really say about Supreme Court nominations in an election year back in 1992? 
USAID chief sees big gains on getting kids into school globally. Picture is way more mixed 
Rep. Mike Honda, D-Calif., shares accurate graphic about past Supreme Court nominations 
USAID chief sees big gains on getting kids into school globally. It's not that simple. HT 
Singer Roy Zimmerman's measure of public support for Senate Republicans isn't pitch-perfect 
Our website is working, but you may need to clear your cache if you're not getting the page to load. Thanks for your patience! 
Donald Trump: Under the Iran nuclear deal, "we give them $150 billion, we get nothing." 
Barack Obama, in Austin, says illegal immigration is at a 40-year low. PolitiFactTexas 
ScottNover We wish. Hopefully the site is back up for everyone now! 
abananasfoster Anything we can do for your class? Thanks for using us as an example! 
abananasfoster We're so sorry! A lot of people have given us a headsup about it being down. IT is working on it right now. 
areyou0 Thanks for reading and sharing, you guys! 
Here's the deal: If we get 600 people to each donate $1, we win an extra $15k. More money for us=more facts for you 
So the website appears to be working for about half of you, and not the other half. Working on a fix. 
TiderLaw Thanks 
funky49 Thanks 
tmetcalfe Thanks 
losethisurl Thanks 
righteousaxe Thanks 
deepfriedwhisky Thanks 
adlangston75 Thanks 
vmmasten Thanks 
therealmoerscho Thanks. 
Crowd sourcing some potential IT issues. You able to access right now? 
We need a separate page for famous political misquotes. 
Did Truman say, 'If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog'? No he did not. 
Thanks Ken! 
bilgewarning Sorry you feel that way. If you have any specific concerns, you can email us at ruthometerpolitifact.com. 
jtsuno StockCats Hahaha, we wish! 
Thanks Taylor! 
Pitch in $1, help PolitiFact get $15,000 in matching funds to hire an extra fact-checker. 
7 questions about Obama's SCOTUS nomination answered 
The path to confirmation for Obama's SCOTUS nominee, if it happens, will be a bumpy ride. 
7 questions about Obama's SCOTUS nomination 
Ted Cruz pins too much blame for outflow of jobs on Barack Obama 
Thanks AfricaCheck! Our ActionAidUK check on doctors in Malawi now in French. 
Thanks AfricaCheck! Our check on ActionAidUK on doctors in Malawi now in French. 
Number of missing women gt; all conflict deaths of past 100 years, says Emma Watson. 
 announcing Supreme Court nominee live now. Here's our latest fact-checks on   
Marco Rubio is no longer in the 2016 race. Here's how he fared on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Our latest fact-checks on the US Supreme Court  
Trump wins Florida on  His record on the Truth-O-Meter 
Emma Watson: More lives lost to gender discrimination than in 20th century wars. Half True. 
Hillary Clinton projected to win FL and Ohio  Her record on the Truth-O-Meter 
John Kasich on the Truth-O-Meter. Kasich projected to win Ohio  
Donald Trump is projected winner of Florida  His Truth-O-Meter record: 
Marco Rubio on the Truth-O-Meter  
The 2016 presidential scorecards so far  
Clinton: More young black men die from guns than from the next 9 top causes of death. True 
We really wish this was a Pants on Fire claim. (Don't worry, we'll still be fact checking!)  
Emma Watson says this statistic on gender discrimination "blindsided" her. But is it true? 
Did you know that we won a grant from the gatesfoundation to fact check claims about global health and development? 
Our latest PolitiFact Mailbag: Readers take issue with our recent coverage. 
We agree.  UNStats Join us as we check claims on health and development. Suggest some 4 us to check. 
PolitiFactNV looks into claims that a Nevada congressional candidate owns 17 homes amp; a private jet: 
Trump said on meetthepress that protester had ISIS ties. That's False. 
Why PolitiFact and AfricaCheck are investigating claims about global health amp; development: 
Cruz: "More than once, I've actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance." 
Trump says protester who rushed him has ISIS ties, but that's a hoax or trolling. False. 
Check out our  in partnership with PolitAdArchive 
Major profile of Marco Rubio from our home newspaper the TB_Times, by learyreports  
Heard something on meetthepress from Trump, Kasich or Cruz that needs a factcheck? Tweet us! 
Clinton ad says it's been 15 years since Americans had a raise. Mostly True 
James Dobson says Ted Cruz's wife would be 'very first pro-life first lady.' Mostly True 
What you missed from the GOP debate in Miami: 
tedcruz said at  he never supported TPP. Mostly True. (He liked the idea.) 
All of our fact-checks from the  in Miami in one place: 
Marco Rubio was right to say that foreign aid only makes up 1 of the budget. 
New  check: Trump said GDP growth was zero in last two quarters. 
tedcruz said at  he never supported TPP. Mostly True. (He liked the idea.) 
Tonight Cruz claimed Trump said he will be 'neutral' between Israel and Palestinians. Half True.  
Donors can get a Pants on Fire bumper sticker, a polo shirt or sit in on our fact-checking process. 
If we raise $15,000 from 1,000 backers, BeaconReader will match your contribution. 
Help us hire a fact-checker to cover immigration for the 2016 election. 
We're going to call out again, did you hear anything during the  we should check? Tweet with  
Kasich likes to take credit for helping balance the federal budget. He should.  
Trump really has given a lot of money to political campaigns, on both sides.  
Remember Trump calling Common Core "education through Washington, D.C." tonight? It's not. States choose.  
Kasich in last  said he polls best among GOP hopefuls against Hillary Clinton: 
And here's Ted Cruz's Truth-O-Meter file: 
Like what you're seeing? Can you spare $1 to help us hire a fact-checker to analyze claims about immigration? 
Trump: Putin has an 80 approval rating. (His first and thus far only True rating.) 
Mitt Romney in 2012: Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour." 
There are at least 3 studies confirming that 97 of scientists agree climate change is happening: 
Trump in 2015: Iran gets to keep $150 billion even if U.S. rejects nuclear deal 
Cruz is right, Trump has supported Hillary Clinton. And she and Bill were at his wedding: 
Rubio in 2014: Talks with Cuba produced no commitment to democratic reforms 
Fact-checking claims about Cuba: 
Are we sparing ISIS oil because of we're concerned about the carbon footprint? Nope. 
Comparing the GOP candidates' ISIS strategies (spoiler: they're kinda like Obama's) 
Cruz: "The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds." 
Pro-Rubio attack ad: Trump has said "he would be neutral between Israel and its enemies." 
6 things you need to know about the Iran nuclear deal: 
Smallest navy since 1917? It's a popular and inaccurate talking point: 
Rand Paul in past  debate: Killing terrorists' families is against Geneva Conventions 
Trump's  claim about "thousands and thousands of people" cheering on 9/11 in NJ: 
abernatt thanks for reading, Ashley! 
Hear something you want us to fact-check? Tweet us with  
TolleahPrice thank you for reading! :) 
Take this commercial break to check out Donald Trump's Truth-O-Meter file: 
Trump has said the unemployment rate is "probably 28, 29, as high as 35" percent. 
Kasich: I took Ohio from a $8 billion hole to a $2 billion surplus. 
Kasich has said he's "one of the chief architects" of balancing the federal budget. 
Read about Trump's donations to Hillary Clinton: 
Trump on GDP=  
In 2011, Obama made a similar claim about foreign aid making up about 1 of the budget: 
Trump has talked about GDP growth before:  
marcorubio phrased his Social Security plan in a very similar way in 2010:  
Thanks for reading, Joanna!  
Here's a look at some attacks on Common Core from years past:  
 to when Trump didn't realize what his own website said about Rubio amp; visas:  
tedcruz did change his position on Trade Promotion Authority:  
If you hear anything during the  you'd like us to check, tweet us with  
Here's a prior look at how Democrats feel about realDonaldTrump:  
Heres how John Kasichs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Trump attack inaccurately implies Rubio traded auto insurance vote for house sale: 
Check out our factchecks from last night's  
Wondering about Clinton's claim about Sanders amp; Minutemen? He did vote that way; significance a matter of dispute 
Sanders said in 2014 Clinton wanted to send Cent. Am. kids back. Pretty close. 
NEW: Clinton says Sanders "has said he would delay implementing" the Clean Power Plan. 
Bernie Sanders' statistic on black, Hispanic unemployment has merit, but may be out of date 
Sanders said in 2014 Clinton wanted to send Cent. Am. kids back. Pretty close. 
Our fact-checks from the  in Miami so far: (More to come!) 
NEW: Clinton, regarding email, "my predecessors did the same thing."  
k0dachrome Thank you! 
And stay tuned...more fact-checks of tonight's  are coming to a Twitter stream near you. 
Thanks for following along! Tweet at us, use  or email ruthometerpolitifact.com if you have a fact-check suggestion. 
Sanders: Almost all of the new income is going to the top 1 
One of Sanders fave lines: The top 1/10th of 1 own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 
Like what you see here at PolitiFact? Help us hire a fact-checker to analyze claims about immigration: 
Fact-checking the talking point about the SCOTUS nomination tradition 
New from  Sanders says Clinton opposed driver's licenses for illegal immigrants 
NEW: Clinton, regarding email, "my predecessors did the same thing."  
What does Sanders mean when he says hes a democratic-socialist?  
Hillary Clinton made a Full Flop on Cuba embargo last year. 
Did Bernie Sanders call President Obama weak and a disappointment? 
Could you see "fish swimming through the middle of the streets" in Miami at high tide, as Obama said? 
Sanders: Donald Trump "thinks that climate change is a hoax, invented by the Chinese." 
Sanders said at NH  that US spends 3x per capita what UK spends on health care: 
Sierra Club: Tampa Bay, FL among top 10 regions most threatened by climate change: 
Sanders has a point: We have the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs 
Hear something at the  you want us to fact-check? Tweet at us, use  or email ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Hillary Clinton: There's been 7 Benghazi investigations led mostly by Republicans. 
What did Hillary Clinton tell the families of the Benghazi victims? 
What is the Export-Import bank and how much does it cost taxpayers?  
2xUEss thanks for reading, Will! 
Clinton said Obama set Wall St fundraising record in his 08 campaign  
Clinton: I called for Wall Street regulations early in the financial crisis  
We looked into Clintons and Sanders top donors: 
How much money has Hillary Clinton earned delivering speeches to Wall Street? 
We need your help to sort fact from fiction in the immigration debate. Can you spare $5?  
Clinton's vote on 2006 border fence bill was part of this graphic that we looked into: 
Clinton said last  that Sanders "was against the auto bailout" 
Help us fact-check the immigration debate this election season: 
Sanders' vote on the 2007 immigration reform bill was part of this graphic we looked into: 
At the last  Sanders said he beats Trump by bigger margins than Clinton. 
Clinton's emails: classified or not?  
Bernie Sanders' record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Hillary Clintons record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Watching the  If you want us to fact-check something, tweet at us, use  or email ruthometerpolitifact.com 
A pro-Rubio super PAC ad claiming realDonaldTrump refuses to denounce the KKK mostly misses the mark: 
Pro-Cruz PAC edits Trump interview to say he backs govt-run healthcare. Compare the text. 
No, Trump didn't say he wanted govt to pay for everyone's healthcare. PAC ad factcheck. 
Follow us here or via our live blog as Democrats debate in Miami 
Our TV Ad Fact-Check-A-Thon calls out misleading claims in 2016 primaries 
Kasich ad says 20 million Americans 'are out of work.' Half True 
pro-Rubio PAC says Trump bans disabled vets from Trump Tower. Mostly False. 
Did Donald Trump inherit $100 million? It's hard to say. 
Getting from a D- to an A+ by doing totally nothing. The secret formula of Trump U. 
Pro-Cruz PAC says Rubio skipped 18 defense votes, like one to arm Kurds to fight ISIS 
Check back for more fact-checks of TV ads throughout the week! And of course, we'll keep checking ads after this week too. 
Introducing our TV Ad Fact-Check-A-Thon, an intensive look at misleading ads w/our partners 
Trump U went from a D- to an A+ at the BBB. The key? Don't work at it. 
pro-Rubio PAC says Trump bans disabled vets from Trump Tower PolitiFactFL 
Revealed! How Trump U got from a D- to an A. Hint: Doing a better job wasn't needed. 
Sanders says he beats Trump by bigger margins than Clinton. Yes, but take w/ grain of salt 
The story behind Nancy Reagan's friendship with Mr. T: via PunditFact 
On this  what you need to know about the gender pay gap: 
Hillary Clinton's largely accurate claim about lead poisoning outside of Flint. 
In  Keyser wrongly says Bennet wants to bring Gitmo terrorists to Colorado 
PatriciaMarsden Thanks so much for the shout out, Patricia! We appreciate you :) 
Follow-up to our check of Sanders on white poverty: A meme purporting to give his 'full quote' omits a key passage. 
From our archives: Do women own 1 of the world's land?  
Introducing PolitiFact North Carolina! "NASCAR endorsed Trump." Half True. 
Clinton says Sanders 'was against the auto bailout.' Half True. 
Hillary Clinton: Higher rate of lead-poisoned kids in Cleveland than in Flint. Mostly True. 
Six fact-checks from the  debate in Flint 
Clinton says Sanders 'was against the auto bailout.' Half True. 
SenSanders says NAFTA cost 800K jobs. One study says so. Most don't. 
Bernie Sanders has a point: Water in Flint much more expensive than in Burlington. 
Sanders said, 'When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor.' False 
FIXED LINK: Bernie Sanders says NAFTA cost 800,000 jobs  
wheelsee sirmitchell thanks! 
A wrap up of our fact checks from the  in Flint so far: 
Clinton says Sanders 'was against the auto bailout.' Half True.  
Clinton says Sanders 'was against the auto bailout'  
popperian Thanks for reading, Virgil! 
New from  Clinton said Cleveland has a higher rate of lead poisoning than Flint. 
Did Donald Trump inherit $100 million? Hard to tell. via PolitiFactFL 
Mitt Romney praised Donald Trump's business skills in 2012, then flip-flopped in 2016 
RealKidPoker Thanks for the shout out, Daniel! 
buckmasterflash Thanks so much for reading, Heath! 
NRA Thanks for reading and sharing! 
Is Trump right that the Great Wall of China is 2,000 yrs old amp; 13,000 mi long? Half True 
New from  Clinton claims Obama set Wall St fundraising record in his 08 campaign 
Thank you for following along during the  If you heard anything you want us to fact-check, let us know! 
Primary turnout doesn't predict general election outcomes  
Is Bernie Sanders a Democrat or an independent?  
Sanders: US has highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country.  
Like what you see here at PolitiFact? Help us raise $15,000 to hire an additional 2016 fact-checker: 
Sanders: Welfare reform more than doubled 'extreme poverty'  
Sanders: The US has more people in jail than any other country  
Some prison population growth had to do with Pres. Clinton's policies, but experts said not all.  
Sanders has said he supported '94 crime bill because of assault weapons ban  
A black male baby born today has 1-in-3 chance of going to prison  
What is this whole gun industry immunity debate about?  
Fact-checking Hillary Clinton's claim that Bernie Sanders supported 'Charleston Loophole'  
Bernie Sanders has a D-minus grade from the NRA:  
The gun industry has a lot of immunity from lawsuits but it's not 100 immunity  
Hillary Clinton says U.S. loses 90 people a day to guns  
If you hear anything during the  you want us to fact-check, tweet at us or send an email: ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Sanders: US spends 3x per capita what the UK spends on health care  
What is the Ex-Im bank and how much does it cost taxpayers?  
Clinton: I called for Wall Street regulations early in the financial crisis  
Is Bernie Sanders the only presidential candidate without a super PAC?  
Clinton: car parts company Johnson Controls got bailout money, now avoids paying taxes 
Hillary Clinton flip-flopped on the Trans-Pacific Partnership  
Help PolitiFact raise $15,000 to hire an additional fact-checker for 2016: 
Is Bernie Sanders a Democrat or an independent?  
Hillary Clinton's record on the Truth-O-Meter:  
Bernie Sanders' record on the Truth-O-Meter:  
Who's to blame for the Flint water crisis?  
If you hear anything during the Flint  you want us to fact-check, tweet at us or send an email: ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Help us fact-check the immigration debate this election season: 
Who's to blame for the water crisis? Get caught up before the  in Flint, MI. 
What Mitt Romney said about Trump's track record in business, then and now. 
David Brooks: Primary turnout didn't predict November outcomes in last 11 elections. 
Cruz: AZ immigration laws  and immigrant exodus  dramatically reduced gov't spending 
See how the GOP field performs against Hillary Clinton, a fact-check from  
Mostly True for Trump's attack that Rubio has missed most Senate votes.  
Trump repeated bogus claim that wives of 9/11 hijackers flew home to watch attacks. False 
Does Trump University have an 'A' from the Better Business Bureau? Not really. 
Cruz said Trump wrote 10 checks to Hillary Clinton campaigns. Half True.  
JUST ANNOUNCED: We have officially brought on our 17th state partnership. Welcome to the family, PolitiFact New York! TheBuffaloNews 
Better Business Bureau sets record straight on Trump U (TEI). Since 9-15, No Rating. Not A. 
Better Business Bureau says Trump claimed A rating for Trump U is out of date. No rating at all since Sept 
Who's to blame for the Flint water crisis? 
Cruz: Arizona's immigrant laws caused gov't spending to drop by millions 
Donald Trump's absurd claim that he knows nothing about former KKK leader David Duke 
Fact-checking the GOP Fox News debate in Michigan 
Cruz says Trump wrote 10 checks to Clinton. He wrote a bunch, but not 10. Half True 
From tonight's  Trump resurrects debunked claim that wives of 9/11 hijackers fled the U.S. before attack: 
Trump is right: Marco Rubio has the worst Senate voting record, at least in the past year  
Thanks for following our live coverage of the  And here's one more plug to ask for your help winning $15k 
S_Brooks11 Thanks for reading, Sebastian! 
BenBradleyABC7 Thanks for sharing! 
ssahney Thanks so much for reading! 
Trump: Rubio "has the the No. 1 absentee record" in the Senate.  
Closing statements! Give us your suggestions for fact-checks from the  by tweeting us with  
Here's a roundup comparing how all of the  candidates stack up to the Truth-O-Meter: 
A quick review of what Trump and Putin have said about each other:  
drvox We checked our records. Only one genitalia-focused fact check: 
New tonight! Kasich right that he polls best among GOP hopefuls against Clinton.  
Donald Trump is right: Marco Rubio has the worst Senate voting record  
Weve rated scads of statements about guns. Read through our archive here.  
We're putting out another call for statements you'd like us to fact-check. Tweet us with  during the  
SorawitPai Thanks for reading :) 
Did someone mention GOP tax plans?  
dankrutka Thank you for reading and sharing! 
Cruz keeps calling Obamacare a job-killer, but the evidence doesn't support him.  
We looked at social programs' effects on Detroit a few years ago:  
Heres how John Kasichs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Here's a look at whose to blame for the Flint water crisis.  
Heres how Ted Cruzs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Has Rubio missed a lot of votes, as Trump says? Well, yes.  
So, are you hearing anything you want us to fact-check? Tweet us with  tonight! 
Does Trump University have an A from the BBB? That's False.  
Check out how marcorubio, tedcruz, JohnKasich, realDonaldTrump stack up against each other on our  
Let's review Kasich's work with the Ohio budget:  
Donald Trump was not 'loud and clear' in Iraq War opposition  
Heres how Donald Trumps claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Help us win matching funds from BeaconReader! Check out our "campaign ad" amp; consider donating a few bucks here: 
Here's a past look at how candidates have said they'd deal with ISIS:  
cherylbolen Thank you for reading :) 
Heres how Marco Rubios claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Trump has been confused about his own position on visas before:  
Scott_McMurtry Thanks for reading! 
With that, well be back when the candidates are.  
We checked our records. Only one fact check specifically about...um..genitalia.  
You ask, we answer. 
So every dollar helps. 
If we raise $15,000 from 1,000 backers, BeaconReader will match your contribution. 
Help us hire a fact-checker to cover immigration for the 2016 election. 
We hope you're enjoying our coverage of the Michigan  While the candidates break, we need your help. 
Trump's take on how Mexico is going to pay for a wall is a bit jumbled:  
As Trump talks about going off the record, let's revisit his take on libel laws and the New York TImes:  
One of our faves: Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trump's wedding:  
Where did Trump's campaign contributions go? Both sides of the aisle.  
If you want to know how raising the minimum wage can affect job growth, click away:  
Let's take a closer look at Ted Cruz's tax plan:  
Many groups say Trump's tax plan will balloon the deficit:  
Rubio touted clothes made in America, which became a big deal after those boots:  
Follow our live debate coverage right here: 
Since Rubio brought it up, let's look at Trump's finances:  
Kasich likes to take credit for helping balance the federal budget. He should.  
Here's the CNN poll from Super Tuesday that had Trump at 49 percent:  
Remember when Trump was feuding with Megyn Kelly?  
Trump initially said he didn't know anything about former KKK leader David Duke, but that's just absurd.  
Our trade deficit with China isn't exactly $500 billion:  
Were getting ready for the Michigan  You can follow our coverage here or through our live blog, 
The  from Detroit, Mich., has officially started. Stick with us for background info and live fact-checks! 
And if we raise $15,000 from 1,000 people, BeaconReader will match your contributions. So every $1 helps. 
Donors can get a Pants on Fire bumper sticker, a polo shirt or sit in on our fact-checking process. 
And a PSA! We want to hire a fact-checker to cover immigration claims in 2016, and were looking for your help. 
Were getting ready for the Michigan  You can follow our coverage on Twitter or through our live blog, 
First you take a fake Gandhi quote, then you post on Instagram, then PolitiFact says... 
Rick Scott's record on the Truth-O-Meter 
Mitt Romney criticized Trump's comments about people watching the Trade Towers fall. Our fact-check: 
Mitt Romney said Trump didn't actually oppose Iraq as he claims. Our report backs that up: 
Mitt Romney's Truth-O-Meter file: 
Are you a fact-checking fanatic? We need 1,000 of you to donate to our cause. (All it takes is a couple bucks.) 
Yes, Donald Trump has been linked to the mob before. 
We take a look at media reports alleging Donald Trump's ties to the mafia: 
Donald Trump: "I don't know anything about David Duke." 
Obama: None of the GOP candidates have climate change plan 
coltondaniel Thanks for reading and sharing! 
ICYMI: realDonaldTrump gets slammed on LastWeekTonight. Thanks for helping us spread the facts, iamjohnoliver 
Readers query PolitiFact editors at Florida forum 
Cruz wrongly says Harry Reid likes Trump best in GOP field. Reid was joking. 
Ted Cruz: Trump's "business dealings with the mob, with the mafia" are widely documented. 
Where do the remaining GOP candidates stand on climate change? 
Every fact check begins by reaching out to the person who made the claim, according to KatieLSanders.  
We've been asked to rate a claim on the Truth-O-Meter scale. Audience directed to vote using smartphones on a website.  
"Politicians running for office do not want PolitiFact to exist." - asharock  
"Our end goal is not to prosecute politicians. Our end goal is to inform our readers." - AngieHolan  PolitiFactForum 
"It's a good process because it surfaces any holes in the reporting." - AngieHolan  
Did you know a panel of editors read all PolitiFact stories and decide the ruling? amyhollyfield explains the process.  
"We're trying to zero in on statements people are talking about. It's our job to sort out the facts." - KatieLSanders  
"Donald Trump is unlike anyone else we've seen. We're documenting instances when he makes inaccurate claims." AngieHolan  
Are you at the  Use the hashtag to tweet along with us amp; view the live blog here gt;  
Meet amyhollyfield, AngieHolan, KatieLSanders amp; asharock  the team that makes PolitiFact run  
We've been told to keep our phones ready: Tonight we'll be playing fact checker!  
And we're off! neilbrowntimes introduces spcnews Institute for Strategic Policy Solutions, one of tonight's  sponsors. 
Tonight we'll be tweeting live from the  at the Palladium in St. Petersburg. Join us! 
Where do the remaining GOP candidates stand on climate change? 
Pro-Rubio PAC: Trump would be 'neutral' between Israel and its enemies. PolitiFactFL 
Trump: NYT can't be sued for a known false story. But that's a textbook libel claim. False 
Obama: None of the GOP candidates have climate change plan 
Pitch in a $1 and you can help us get $15,000 to hire an additional 2016 fact-checker. 
Pro-Rubio PAC: Trump would be 'neutral' between Israel and its enemies. PolitiFactFL 
PolitiFacts Top 5 fact-checks for Feb., incl. realDonaldTrump, BernieSanders, SCOTUS 
We need your help to fact-check the 2016 candidates! 
ActionAidUK gets  wrong, but w/ the slim number of doctors in Malawi, it's almost right. 
NV's Joe Heck says 'no evidence' Gitmo is used as terrorist 'recruiting tool.' Some truth, but claim is too broad. 
Does Trump University have an 'A' from the Better Business Bureau? No. 
The 2016 candidates are, uhh, keeping us busy. Help us hire reinforcements. 
When is a wrong stat effectively right? When it's  the slim number of doctors in Malawi. 
dinadinadinas Thank you for reading! :) 
jsalsman AfricaCheck We recently received a grant from the gatesfoundation to fact check claims about global health amp; development! 
A South Africa hospital says it's the 3rd largest. It's not - you likely won't guess which one is. AfricaCheck 
Help PolitiFact hire an additional fact-checker for the 2016 campaign 
Read the story referenced by John Oliver last night about realDonaldTrump 
We added new info on Trump's 50-bullets-dipped-in-pig's-blood tale, but still Pants on Fire 
John Oliver slammed Donald Trump last night, and cited PolitiFact: 
Does Trump U. have an A from the BBB? realDonaldTrump gets a failing grade on this quiz. 
Fact-checking MeetthePress, claims about Trump U. 
Just in case any Oscars winners are PolitiFact fans. Careful with your speeches, we're watching! 
Catching flak re Trump Uni. realDonaldTrump said he has a BBB A rating. Try a D minus. 
realDonaldTrump said his Trump U. got a BBB A rating. How about a D minus. 
Bernie Sanders says he voted for the 1994 crime bill because it had an assault weapons ban. 
Help us keep fact-checking the Sunday shows and hire an immigration fact-checker. Your donations are matched! 
Get a PolitiFact bumper sticker or polo shirt! 
We want to hire an immigration fact-checker. Can you help? 
Sen. Gardner: Since 1888 no Senate has OKed SCOTUS when opposite party controls White House 
Help us keep the candidates honest. 
How much does sea-level rise threaten the Tampa Bay area? Plenty. 
Help us keep the candidates honest. 
Sen. Cory Gardner flubs claim about SCOTUS nominee history: 
Is Tampa Bay among top 10 regions most threatened by climate change? Mostly True 
Clinton off-base on comparison of mortgage rejections by race. False. 
Have you followed our PoltiFact reporters lst? Might be a good idea. 
Can we hit $7,000 today? 
Clinton says African-Americans more likely to be arrested, get longer sentences. True. 
We've debunked this attack saying Donald Trump inherited $200 million. 
Marco Rubio challenged voters to Google "Trump Polish workers." Here's what we found. 
Thanks to you, we raised $5,000 in one day to help hire an immigration fact-checker. Let's keep it going! 
Catch up on fact-checks from last night's  in Houston 
Five fact-checks (including 2 Pants on Fires) from the  
Donald Trump, Polish workers, Trump Tower -- what's the deal? 
Fact-checking Thursday's  Socialized medicine, Obamacare "bailout" and "Trump Polish workers" 
SenTedCruz has odd memory of Trump's words on socialized medicine during  
SenTedCruz misfires tying Trump to socialized medicine in the  
Catch up on fact-checks from the  in Houston 
The story behind Donald Trump hiring undocumented Polish workers in 1980: 
Five fact-checks (including 2 Pants on Fires) from the  
SenTedCruz twisted Trump's words on socialized medicine. Burning britches time. 
Marco Rubio said he "wiped out" Obamacare "bailout fund" for insurance companies. Mostly False.  
We Googled 'Trump Polish workers.' Here's what we found. 
All the h/t's to BuzzFeedAndrew, who caught Donald Trump with his pants on fire talking about Libya. 
You made our night, McKenzie! Thanks for reading. 
What do you think most needs a fact-check from tonight's   
What the Ted Cruz campaign said about Ben Carson in Iowa  
Ben Carson on the Truth-O-Meter  
All of our fact-checks involving   
Suggest what you'd like fact-checked with  
You got it. Enjoy your beverage. 
Could a North Korean missile strike the United States? Experts say it's inevitable. 
Thanks for listening! And now we'll pick up the debate tweeting. 
So every dollar helps. 
If we raise $15,000 from 1,000 backers, BeaconReader will match your contribution. 
Help us hire a fact-checker to cover immigration for the 2016 election. 
We hope you're enjoying our coverage of the Texas  debate. While the candidates break, we need your help. 
blalockt Thank YOU so much for reading! 
66 of GOP prefer someone other than Trump. But that doesn't mean the 66 refuse to support Trump overall. 
Let's read about debt, baby: 
FunnyMaine Thanks for reading! 
Ohio underwent a fracking boom in recent years, but Trump overstated its impact on Ohios economy. 
Thanks for reading, Jason! 
JasonKashdan Thank YOU for reading and sharing! 
rhodes_dawn Thanks for reading! 
Is the U.S. the highest-taxed country in the world? We crunched the numbers:  
Let's look at Trump's tax plan (spoiler: it would increase the deficit):  
And are premiums going up the way Trump says?  
Does Obamacare kill jobs, like Cruz says? We examined the data:  
Another (more truthful) look at health care spending compared to other countries: 
Ben Carson sort of echoed a talking point from BernieSanders on US health spending compared to other countries: 
Does the U.S. spend twice as much on health care as other countries? We've checked that before:  
John Kasich's PolitiFact file 
Obamacare doesn't have a bailout for insurance companies (amp; Rubio didn't stop it)  
New tonight! Trump wrongly claims he made immigration an election-year subject.  
Read all our fact-checks about Planned Parenthood here:  
Let's review what Cruz said about Trump's sister:  
How popular is Trump with Hispanics? Well ...  
Kasich likes to take credit for helping balance the federal budget. He should.  
What did Rubio actually say about DACA? Let's look at the row with Ted Cruz.  
OK, let's take a closer look at Trump's finances.  
Rubio should know a thing or two about products that may or may not be made in America.  
Is the U.S.-China trade imbalance really $500B, like Trump says? Mostly False.  
Trump has previously claimed Mexico can afford to build a wall, but his math is, well ...  
Carson has made dubious claims about ICE and deportations in the past.  
Heres how John Kasichs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter: 
Say, how much has Donald Trump contributed to Democrat and Republican campaigns?  
Take a look at 10 wrong statements about immigration here:  
What was that Trump was saying about Eisenhower deporting so many immigrants? Read the history here:  
Rubio has talked about how many immigrants are visa overstays before.  
Trump has claimed he brought up immigration first since the debates began. Nope.  
Heres how Ben Carsons claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
And if we raise $15,000 from 1,000 people, BeaconReader will match your contributions. So every $1 helps. 
Donors can get a Pants on Fire bumper sticker, a polo shirt or sit in on our fact-checking process. 
And a PSA! We want to hire a fact-checker to cover immigration claims in 2016, and were looking for your help. 
Were ready for the Texas  You can follow our live coverage here on Twitter or through our live blog, 
Welcome to tonight's live-tweeting for CNN's  The candidates have taken the stage. 
Today we launched a crowd-funding campaign to add an immigration fact-checker. Help us hit our goal. More at 
We need your help to fact-check the 2016 candidates! 
Thanks for your support! 
Help us hire a reporter to fact-check the immigration debate and keep the candidates honest! 
New Obameter: Enactment of new Guantanamo closure plan unlikely; rating remains Stalled 
Want more fact-checks about immigration? Tomorrow, we're launching a fundraising drive with BeaconReader to add a fact-checker. Stay tuned! 
One of our PolitiFactWisc reporters was featured in MakingAMurderer. Thanks for your insights, KertscherNews! 
From the archives: Is Ted Cruz, born in Canada, eligible to run for president? 
PolitiFact partners from 17 states in one room! (Don't worry, we're still watching the candidates out on the trail.) 
Doctor says he cured Charlie Sheen's HIV with arthritic goat milk. Pants on Fire! 
Trump campaign manager: 'We don't have any donors' via PolitiFactVA 
Is Bernie Sanders a Democrat or an independent? We take a look at party identification. 
Our look at Trump's claim about Gen. Pershing, pig's blood and Muslims. Pants on Fire! 
The Pants on Fire claim that arthritic goat milk cured Charlie Sheen and Comoros of HIV: 
Bill Clinton wrongly says San Bernardino attackers "had never been to the Middle East." 
Doctor: I cured Charlie Sheen amp; Comoros of HIV with 'milk from goats, which had arthritis' 
A rundown of abortion clinic closings since JohnKasich became Ohio gov. Not quite as high as CecileRichards said. 
Bill Clinton wrongly says San Bernardino attackers "had never been to the Middle East." 
UPDATED: Donald Trump was not 'loud and clear' in Iraq War opposition 
Planned Parenthood's CecileRichards calls out Kasich for Ohio abortion clinic closings. How many have closed? 
Bill Clinton: San Bernardino attackers "had never been to the Middle East." 
Bill Maher asks why Muslim armies are 'useless' against ISIS when it's outnumbered 250 to 1. We look at the numbers. 
Trump really was in NYC on 9/11, despite '04 Time mag report. Here's our look. 
Army strength: BillMaher says ISIS is vastly outnumber by neighboring Arab states. 
UPDATED: Donald Trump was not 'loud and clear' in Iraq War opposition 
Ted Cruz: 70 of Republicans 'don't think Donald Trump is the right guy' to take on Clinton. 
See our fact-check on Trump's Obamacare claim -- people have "no options". Mostly False. 
realDonaldTrump says  gives people "no options". Not so for most people. 
After  Jeb Bush exits the race. A look back at our fact-checks: 
Hillary Clinton won NV caucuses last night. Her record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Donald Trump, winner of  and his record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Our latest scorecard of GOP field after  Trump, Cruz, Rubio, Kasich, Carson 
We'll watch meetthepress this morning and listen for facts to check. Join us! Discussion of   
Donald Trump says Mexico can pay for wall because of the trade deficit. False. 
Jeb Bush suspends his campaign. His record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Donald Trump wins SC primary. His record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Hillary Clinton wins Nevada caucuses. Her record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Our next PolitiFact state affiliate is on it's way: North Carolina! 
Remembering Scalia, Colbert says he got the most laughs in SCOTUS. Data backs this claim. 
Who is Trumps sister, and has he said he wants her on the court?  
Hillary Clinton says she wants to return minimum wage to high of '$12 an hour in today's dollars' 
Trump's claim that Mexico can pay for a wall b/c of the trade deficit doesn't make sense. 
Donald Trump far overstated his opposition to the Iraq War early on.  
Is Trump self-funding his campaign? Sort of. 
Kariodude Check out the Principles of the Truth-O-Meter for more info on our system: 
At the  Trump complained about a recent Cruz ad. PolitiFactTexas analyzed it. 
Did Bernie Sanders call President Barack Obama 'weak' and 'a disappointment'?  
Trump takes the stage at CNN's  
It's Hillary Clinton's turn at the  
Context on Sanders' claim that the US is the only industrialized country that doesn't provide healthcare  
Bernie Sanders: Socialist or Democratic Socialist?  
Bush's claim on how many sorties drop their weapons against ISIS:  
Fact-checking claims about the 80-year SCOTUS nomination tradition  
Jeb Bush up next on CNN's  His Truth-O-Meter record: 
Sanders at  Black youth unemployment is 51 
How fast has Ohio Medicaid spending risen under Kasich?  
Sanders up at the MSNBC  His Truth-O-Meter record: 
Kasich has said he was "one of the chief architects" of balancing the federal budget. Mostly True. 
Kasich is first up at the  His PolitiFact record: 
Marco Rubio says two-thirds of US kids can't read at grade level. Half True 
"Scalia is actually 64 percent funnier than the transcripts show ..." 
Blumenthal correct that the longest Supreme Court vacancy in 30 years has been 237 days 
Jeb Bush says Obama will add more debt than all 43 past presidents combined. Mostly True 
Colbert says Scalia got quantifiably more chuckles than the other justices. True. 
CNN's town hall is over. Back to new fact-checks tomorrow. We love what we do. Thanks for reading our stuff. 
Cruz goes after Rubio on amnesty and immigration. We've sorted out Rubio's stance over time 
Cruz speaks of a non-existent tradition on not confirming SCOTUS justices in an election year. 
Regarding Cruz's eligibility to be president, the strongest claim that he's not a citizen rated Pants on Fire 
Cruz brings up Trump's past support for impeaching Pres. George W. Bush. Trump did 
Cruz repeats claim about a weakened Navy. It's not as simple as counting ships 
We've looked before at a Ted Cruz ad on Trump and abortion. 
Standing by for Ted Cruz at the CNN town hall. Just tuning in? Here's his report card. 
Rubio said we have to be 100 sure about any refugee. See our fact sheet on that 
Rubio repeats misleading claim about an 80 year precedent on SCOTUS nominations. 
Rubio talks about social security. We've looked at a number of claims on that 
Both liberals and conservatives can slip up on police shooting stats. 
Rubio says he got rid of the Obamacare "bail-out" fund. We found a similar claim Mostly 
Rubio has talked about philosophy degrees before. With less than perfect results. 
FYI,Rubio and Cruz have a history of disagreeing on domestic surveillance. 
Here are 5 things to know about the argument between Rubio and Cruz on immigration 
Switching to Rubio at the CNN town hall in Greenville, S.C. 
HelenAn29146628 JasonWhitely Just tweeted it. 
For those of you watching Trump, here's his report card 
There's been a lot of claims about prisons and corrections. See them here 
When Bill O'Reilly said poverty hadn't budged despite trillions spent, we rated that False 
We've done many items on welfare 
Carson talks about SCOTUS. Says he would nominate someone if he were prez. See our SCOTUS checks 
Have a look at how Ben Carson fared on the truth-o-meter 
See Ted Cruz's PolitiFact report card 
Marco Rubio's report card 
Getting ready to live tweet CNN's town hall. 
Fact-checking claims about the 80-year SCOTUS nomination tradition: 
StephenAtHome: Analyses show that Scalia 'got more laughs than of the other justices.' 
We fact-check races big and small. Check out this one from a local Ohio prosecutor's race. 
Clinton team tamps down Nevada expectations with False claim Nevada voters are 80 white. 
Want a stat to explain the wealth gap? Bernie Sanders says world's 80 richest own more than bottom half. Mostly True 
Ted Cruz's attack on what Rubio told Univision about DACA is missing context: PolitiFactFL 
Clinton wants to return min wage to $12/hr in today's dollars. But she oversimplifies 
tedcruz ad, assailed by realDonaldTrump, leaves out Trump's declared shift on abortion 
Cruz wrongly says Trump's only SCOTUS pick is his sister, a 'hardcore pro-abortion liberal' 
Yep, Trump did support impeaching Bush, even if he doesn't say so today. 
Obama just said not 1 Republican running for president takes climate change seriously. We checked a similar claim 
Cruz: Trump's only SCOTUS pick is his sister, a 'hardcore pro-abortion liberal' 
George W. Bush on the Truth-O-Meter with PolitiFactTexas 
John McCain: North Korea can't strike US, for now. True. 
George W Bush has appeared on the 2016 trail with Jeb. Revisit his Truth-O-Meter record with PolitiFactTexas 
A dangerous rumor debunked. Whooping cough vaccine has zip to do with microcephaly.  
Kasich said Medicaid spending went up twice as fast under Jeb Bush. Mostly True. 
Who's to blame for the Flint water crisis? We take an interim look: 
Trump mentioned bin Laden once in his book. From our achives: 
Fact-check  w/ PolitiFact in your pocket! We're on  
Ben Carson falls for dubious Stalin quote about bringing down America in CBS debate. 
Hillary Clinton ad says it takes a year for 300 Americans to earn as much as a top CEO 
Fact-checking the Sunday shows, claims about filling Scalia's seat. 
Ted Cruz suggests a SCOTUS nomination tradition that really doesn't exist. Careful word choice gives him Half True. 
Marco Rubio: Presidents 'stop nominating' SCOTUS amp; Court of Appeals judges in final year. 
Trump's hyped claim that he called for rubbing out bin Laden in 2000 
We can't find any evidence Donald Trump opposed the Iraq War before the 2003 invasion. 
Our fact-checks from the  
New! Trump said Bush said he'd 'moon everybody' and 'nobody reports that.' Mostly False. 
Carson uses fake Stalin quote about bringing down America in  
New! Rubio said it's 80 years since a lame-duck pres appointed to SCOTUS. Mostly False. 
Trump at  I was 'loud and clear' on Iraq War opposition 
Thanks for watching the  with us! Tweet us with  with what you'd like to see us fact-check 
Trump blames Jeb Bush for Florida's recession. Mostly False. via PolitiFactFL 
Our rundown on four bankruptcies for Trump: 
See John Kasichs Truth-O-Meter record here: 
Rubio repeats wrong claim that illegal immigration is getting worse. From our archives: 
See how Ted Cruz has fared on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Critics have attacked Trump on eminent domain. Its True, he does support it (tho not 'in love' with it) 
We welcome your thoughts on what we should fact-check tonight. Options seem endless.  
Trump: Illegal immigration wasn't a topic before he entered the race. False. 
Rubio's claim that Cruz wanted to legalize those here illegally rated Mostly False previously.  
5 things to know about fight between Rubio and Cruz on immigration via PolitiFactFL 
Ted Cruz opposed 2013 immigration bill, but he didn't stop it. House GOP did that. 
A bit of history on Rubio, 'amnesty' and his changing support for immigration bill: 
From earlier: Trumps False claim that Mexico can pay for wall because of the trade deficit  
Did Florida lead nation in job creation under Jeb Bush? Half True. From our archives: 
What should we factcheck out of what you've heard so far? Tweet us with  
We looked at Jeb Bush's evolving comments on Iraq War back in May. 
Is Donald Trump self-funding his campaign? Sort of. Half True. 
Check out Donald Trumps Truth-O-Meter scorecard: 
From our archives: 6 things to know about the Iran nuclear deal  
What Donald Trump said about ISIS being 'not our fight.' Mostly True. 
Heres how Jeb Bushs claims have stacked up on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Trumps opposition to the Iraq War came after the invasion started. 
We're looking into lame duck presidents and SCOTUS nominees, esp. Justice Kennedy's nomination 
Ben Carsons PolitiFact file: 
True from our archives: Someone like Scalia and Ginsburg used to get 95-plus votes. 
We're down to 6 candidates for  Will we get more info about them this way? 
Saturday night's alright for fighting! Watch the  with us. Hear something that needs a factcheck? Tweet us with  
From the archives: Scalia was confirmed with 98 votes in 1986. True. 
Yes, we'll be fact-checking tonight's GOP Debate. Our roundup from last week's debate: 
Ad distorts Kasich's budget, saying it raised taxes by billions (corrects earlier link) 
mcuban We gave that Facebook post a Pants on Fire rating: 
Why did minorities lose more wealth than whites in financial crisis, as BernieSanders said? 
NEW (fixed link): Clinton ad says it takes a year for 300 workers to earn as much as 1 CEO 
Whoops, bad link. Let's try again: 
NEW: Clinton ad says it takes a year for 300 workers to earn as much as 1 CEO -PolitiFact NV 
New from PolitiFact Ohio: Koch group says Kasichs budget raised taxes by billions 
Bernie Sanders' True point that African-Americans lost half their wealth in financial crisis 
New tonight! Comparing childhood poverty rates among countries is tricky business. 
Dissecting Clinton's claim that Sanders called Obama "weak" amp; "disappointment." Half True 
Bernie Sanders in  Blacks "lost half their wealth" in financial crisis. 
Closing statements in  Keep sending things you'd like us to check with  
Clinton has criticized Sanders' approach to foreign policy in this campaign before.  
Learn more about the Syrian refugee crisis with our PolitiFact Sheet:  
For more on Sanders and Clinton arguing about plans to meet with Iran, read this fact-check:  
Clinton says Sanders proposed Iranian troops in Syria. Mostly True.  
Hillary Clinton said Bernie Sanders voted for regime change in Libya. Mostly True.  
In  Clinton said, 'Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.' Mostly True. 
Clinton has previously said she's the only candidate with a plan for dealing with ISIS, but that's not right. 
Clinton did support Wall Street regulations early in the financial crisis:  
Sanders has the correct diagnosis: U.S. prescription drug prices are typically the highest in world,  
Sanders says he doesnt have a Super PAC. That makes him fairly unique.  
Who are the top donors for Clinton and Sanders? We looked at that here:  
In case you were wondering how much Bernie Sanders health care plan would cost the middle class:  
Clinton has criticized previously Republicans for not supporting a path to citizenship for immigrants.  
We researched the chances of a black, male baby ending up in prison here:  
tider89 Thanks for asking! Check out our ruling: 
chrisjwhalen We apologize! That problem is definitely on our radar and we are working on fixing it ASAP. Thanks for reaching out. 
Here's a look at Hillary Clintons record on the Truth-O-Meter:  
Sanders recalled how college used to be free in the US from last week:  
Sanders mentioned black youth unemployment, but his numbers are off.  
Is the U.S. the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care? Half True.  
How much do we pay for health care compared to other countries? Check here:  
Sanders has gotten some talking points on childhood poverty wrong in the past:  
We've looked at how long wages have been on the decline before:  
Sanders said the US has more people in jail than any other country. There are caveats, but Mostly True.  
Heres how Bernie Sanders has fared on the Truth-O-Meter in the past:  
If you hear HillaryClinton or BernieSanders say anything you'd like us to check, let us know with  
The  is about to begin. Coverage is slated to last through 11 p.m. 
Fact-check  with PolitiFact in your pocket! We're on   
Thanks for the support! 
Trump repeats Pants on Fire claim that unemployment rate could be 42. 
We'll be live fact-checking tonight's PBS  Follow along starting at 9 ET here. 
An interesting look from PolitiFact Arizona on the nature of prayer. Can prayer only include a higher power? 
Fact-check  by putting PolitiFact in your pocket! We're now on  
"Obama spent $7b to bring electricity to Africa, failed miserably." Spent implies spent. Pants on Fire! 
We're featured in the Elect '16 channel! 
Trump: "I'm self-funding my own campaign." Half True. 
Jeb Bush says his 2 picks for Fla Supreme Court have been 'its most consistent conservatives.' Mostly True 
Is Donald Trump self-funding his campaign? Sort of. 
Bernie Sanders said "not one Republican" recognizes climate change is real. Some have. 
Carly Fiorina is ending her campaign. Her Truth-O-Meter record: 
Chris Christie is suspending his campaign. See his record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
mcg_REAL Done! Pants on Fire 
zacharyshakked We rated that Pants on Fire 
peterleung We rated that Pants on Fire 
juliana_dolci realDonaldTrump Right here! Pants on Fire 
OliverSE12 We've rated that Pants on Fire 
zacharyshakked We rate that Pants on Fire 
In the past 3 debates, Marco Rubio, has made a jarring accusation against Hillary Clinton: 
What did Hillary Clinton tell the families of people who lost their lives in Benghazi? 
Was college once free in United States, as Bernie Sanders says? via PolitiFactFL 
Help knock down this Pants on Fire claim that GMO mosquitoes are spreading Zika. 
Our new Global News Service looks into a claim from Bono about people's thoughts on AIDS. 
Pants on Fire! Fox News spreads myth that GMO mosquitoes are spreading Zika. 
Today we launch our Global News Service to focus on claims about health and development. 
Fiorina said her campaign has more cash on hand than Kasich and Christie combined 
Bills, bills, bills a line of attack in Democratic primary for Nevada's 4th congressional district seat. 
It's True. RT Eliza630: This site fact checks everyone and no politician is safe D or R. 
Our headline about the CNN/Ted Cruz spat could have made that more clear. Read more in our After the 
Folks asked us to look again at Ted Cruz's comments about CNN. Cruz did more than forward on what CNN said. 
From PolitiFactVA: 12, 13, 14, 15-year olds are getting marriage licenses in Virginia. 
PolitiFact PA is in the game! Sestak says Toomey voted against 'every' veterans $$$ bill 
Ohios credit rating is "as high as you can get, AA+."  John Kasich 
On meetthepress, Bernie Sanders suggested Madeleine Albright supported the War in Iraq. 
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders doesn't have a foreign policy adviser network. Not like Clinton's, anyway. 
Unapproved, edited versions of our work. Full fact-checks available at 
At the  Donald Trump overstated his early opposition to the Iraq War 
We're back at it this morning fact-checking the Sunday shows. Use  is you hear something you think we should fact-check. 
See all our fact-checks from tonight's  here. 
Donald Trump is wrong. U.S. isn't highest-taxed country. 
Polls contradict Rubio on public support for status for illegal immigrants  
Trump overstates his early opposition to the Iraq War  
Stick with us, because we have more live fact-checks coming from tonight's  
Heres how Jeb Bushs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Rubio has supported legislation with exceptions for rape and incest.  
Cruz mentioned Bowe Bergdahl's release. Here's a review:  
New! Ted Cruz falsely says CNN first said Ben Carson was 'taking a break from campaigning' 
Heres how Marco Rubios claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Bush has talked about how many people were fired from the VA for some time:  
We have taken a look at the size of the military several times. Here's one about the Army and Navy:  
Review Christie's resume as a U.S. attorney in this check from PolitiFactNH:  
Heres how John Kasichs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Keep those suggestions coming! Let us know what you'd like us to check from the  with the hashtag  
Carson has said before that Clinton gave diverging accounts of Benghazi:  
Trump delivers pure Trump in NH. Dodgy on the facts. Firm on the message. 
Heres how Ted Cruzs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Here's a look at wages in the era of Obamacare:  
Here's a history lesson on those Iran hostages being released on Reagan's inauguration day:  
Heres how Ben Carsons claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
In an earlier fact-check, experts told us airstrikes against ISIS are difficult for a number of reasons:  
Cruz has had some difficulty in the past defining what carpet-bombing means.  
For a closer look at defense spending, read our PolitiFact sheet:  
Just how high are U.S. taxes compared to the rest of the world? Not nearly as high as other nations.  
Take a look at the GOP candidates' tax plans in this story:  
Take a look at what John Kasich did for Ohio's budget here:  
Cruz said at the last debate that Obamacare was the "biggest job killer in this country." Nope.  
Obama's promise "If you like your health care plan, you can keep it" was our 2013 Lie of the Year.  
Trump once was for a single-payer health care system, but now favors a "free market" solution.  
How many of the Republican candidates have supported a path to citizenship? More than you may think.  
Weve dissected aspects of Rubios Gang of Eight immigration bill before.  
Here's a guide on where GOP candidates have positioned themselves on amnesty.  
To learn (a lot) more about immigration, consult our archive on this topic.  
Heres how Chris Christies claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
We have the videos and we're reviewing all the information we can find. 
Jeb Bush talked about his time in Florida, which we've examined in this story:  
We're looking into tedcruz's explanation that CNN jaketapper DanaBashCNN were to blame for the Ben Carson suspending his campaign story. 
Has N.J.'s credit rating been downgraded 9 times under Christie? It's not all his fault, but yes, it has.  
Marco Rubio has faced attacks over his voting record before.  
Ted Cruz's claim that Obama does not utter the words radical Islamic terrorism is accurate.  
Heres how Donald Trumps claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
If you hear anything during tonight's  you want us to check, tweet us with  
Thanks for joining us for tonight's  ABC's coverage is scheduled to last until 11 p.m. 
Ted Strickland's NAFTA attack against Rob Portman largely misses the mark. 
It isn't true. 
Sarah Palin says like Donald Trump, Justin Bieber once supported abortion. 
Our reflections after a week of covering candidate events in New Hampshire  
Get caught up who said what and how truthful it was from last night's Democratic debate. 
Four fact-checks that cut through the spin from the  in New Hampshire 
New tonight! Hillary Clinton continues to spin on her comments in the past regarding TPP. 
Clinton says Sanders proposed Iranian troops in Syria. As part of a Muslim coalition, yes. Better link 
Clilnton said Sanders proposed Iranian troops in Syria. As part of a Muslim coalition, yes. Mostly True. 
In  Sanders wrong on whether his ad cited a nonexistent newspaper endorsement 
Fixing bad link from earlier: Our comparison of the views of Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton on the death penalty 
Sorry for the bad link, try this: 
What Hillary Clinton really said about TPP before she opposed it 
Hillary Clinton flip-flopped on Trans-Pacific Partnership 
Where do Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders stand on the death penalty? 
NEW TONIGHT! Sanders exaggerates concentration of wealth, income for top 1  
Hillary Clinton's emails: classified or not? 
Bernie Sanders ad claims or implies endorsements from New Hampshire newspapers 
All of our fact-checks about Russia: 
Last time Sanders brought up Clinton's "naive" comment about Obama, we found missing context 
PolitiFact Sheet: 6 Things to know about the Iran Deal 
Obama made same point as Sanders that US spends more on military than next 8 nations 
The fact-checker's guide to viral graphics contrasting Clinton, Sanders  
What Bernie Sanders has said about Boeing and taxes 
Hillary Clinton with an indirect shout out to Martini Shkreli 
Sanders has long used line about 6 bank companies having assets equaling 60 of U.S. GDP 
Bernie Sanders says six bank companies have assets equaling 60 percent of U.S. GDP 
Both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have used Goldman Sachs to attack Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton 
Did Clinton address derivatives, subprime mortgages and financial oversight so early in the financial crisis? Yes. 
After 2013, Clinton earned millions from giving talks at universities, corporations and industry groups. 
Hillary Clinton says she called for Wall Street regulations early in the financial crisis 
Bill Clinton: Glass-Steagall repeal had nothing to do with financial crisis 
Posted earlier tonight: Misleading Bernie Sanders ad claims or implies endorsements from New Hampshire newspapers 
Sanders has disassociated himself with unaffiliated super PACs supporting him, through statements and legal action. 
Did Bernie Sanders vote against background checks and waiting periods for gun purchases? 
Sanders has exaggerated his role in writing the health care law: 
By 2023, CBO projects that 30 million Americans will lack health insurance even w/Obamacare. More here:  
Is the U.S. the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care as a right? 
See all of our Bernie Sanders fact-checks here. 
Sanders opens with claim about most new income going to the top. We rated a similar claim from his TV ad Half True 
We've fact-checked Hillary Clinton more than 150 times. See them all here. 
Our PunditFact scorecards for the moderators, chucktodd and maddow 
Starting now! Live fact-checking the New Hampshire Democratic debate 
ASU's MichaelCrow: Az. is spending less per-capita on higher ed "than every single state." 
A new False for Bernie Sanders: One of his ads wrongly claimed an endorsement by Valley News newspaper. 
In New Hampshire, Rubio says China is 'practicing how to blow up our satellites.' True 
Come join us starting at 9 ET! 
Marco Rubio stresses electability in Manchester: PolitiFact reports from New Hampshire 
Happy to have billy_penn, based in Philadelphia, as our new  partner! 
WELCOME to the PolitiFact family, billy_penn! Congrats on your first official  
CAPolitiFact's fact-check about California's gun database 
Follow loujacobson and JonZGreenberg tracking candidates in NH. Now, at marcorubio in Manchester. 
Our latest from Londonderry, NH: Carly Fiorina relishes outsider role in primary 
Did Ted Cruz gin up Iowa voter histories? PolitiFactTexas investigates 
Oops: We correct our own fact-check of Cruz. Rating goes from Mostly True to Mostly False. 
Our dispatch from a Qamp;A session with Ohio Gov. John Kasich in Manchester, N.H. 
Ted Cruz says median African-American family was $5,000 richer after 8 years of Reagan. Mostly True. 
CAPolitiFact CapRadioNews Fabulous! 
Fact-check from NH: Cruz repeats attack about 2013 bill letting in Syrians w/out bg checks 
Here's our dispatch from a Ted Cruz event this morning in Henniker, N.H. 
Read reporter JonZGreenberg's account of seeing tedcruz marcorubio and HillaryClinton in New Hampshire in 1 day: 
Evidence is mixed on BernieSanders claim about wages, hours and the top 1. 
Rand Paul has suspended his presidential campaign. His record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Trump back in form after Iowa loss: PolitiFact reports from New Hampshire 
Jeb Bush said today debate moderators never bring up the debt. Transcripts say False. 
Follow JonZGreenberg for updates from marcorubio's speech in Exeter, N.H. 
In TV ad, Right to Rise says JohnKasich has worst spending rating of any governor. 
Our latest from New Hampshire: A day after Iowa, Jeb Bush doubles down on experience. 
We're on the ground in New Hampshire at a tedcruz rally. 
Follow our reporter JonZGreenberg for updates from Ted Cruz's rally in Windham, Hew Hampshire.  
Our guide to Republican-on-Republican attacks: 
Clinton compares Benghazi reaction to 1983 attack on Marines in Beirut 
Our second quick take from the New Hampshire campaign trail: Christie gets serious with voters in Hopkinton 
Enjoy watching the  results come in! Tomorrow's a whole new day for fact-checking. We'll be back at it from New Hampshire. 
Hillary Clinton compares Benghazi to 1983 attack on Marines in Beirut 
Flat-out wrong: Rapper bobatl says the Earth isn't round. 
Nice! RT shannonawink: Doing some PolitiFact training and now I have one of these stickers  
reidepstein Timodc We'll take it from here guys. 
Clinton: When terrorists killed Marines in Lebanon under Reagan, Dems "didnt make that a partisan issue." Half True 
On the road with JohnKasich in New Hampshire. 
Marco Rubio incorrectly says illegal immigrant population is higher than 5 years ago 
Ted Cruz: Trump, Clinton amp; Sanders "have the identical position on health care." 
Marco Rubio on meetthepress: "We have more illegal immigrants" than we 5 years ago. 
Hillary Clinton's False claim that there are more U.S. jobs in solar than oil 
PolitiFact Arizona's first fact check is a Mostly True for John McCain 
Our latest politifact Mailbag: Reader complaints and compliments 
Get to know Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, the Saudi prince who called out realDonaldTrump 
Nine new fact-checks from last night's debate. See them all here ---gt; 
msotomayor12 We've published some more this afternoon, just in case you're interested! 
We're heading back out on the road Monday to fact-check the candidates live. This time, loujacobson and JonZGreenberg are headed to N.H. 
Pants on Fire! Ted Cruz claims at GOP debate that Obamacare is 'biggest job-killer' 
Trump: "I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed" as a debate moderator. False. 
Rubio says he has 'never supported cap and trade,' despite energy deal as Florida speaker. We say Mostly True. 
GOP debate fact-check: Are government regulations from 2015 3 stories tall? 
PolitiFact will be answering your questions on Reddit later today! 
Would Americans rather elect a socialist or an atheist as their president? 
Trump or no Trump, the show went on Thursday. Find out what the candidates said, and how true their claims were. 
New tonight! Trump tries to claim he never asked for Megyn Kelly off Thursday's debate. 
New: Ben Carson says stacked up, total pages of regulations from 2015 are 3 stories high 
New tonight! Did Marco Rubio flip flop on amnesty? Half Flip. 
New tonight! Ted Cruz said he never insulted Donald Trump. Record suggests otherwise 
New tonight! Chris Christie: Neighbors knew about San Bernardino attack, feared profiling. 
 closing statements coming soon. Thanks for following along! Send us any facts you want us to check: ruthometerpolitifact.com 
NEW: At debate, Cruz says Obama 'dramatically degraded our military' 
Comparing the GOP candidates' ISIS strategies with Obama's plan: 
PolitiFact Sheet: 6 things to know about the Iran nuclear deal 
Kasich previously said he took Ohio from an $8 billion hole to a $2 billion surplus 
Bernie Sanders calls himself a democratic socialist. What does that mean? 
Bush: Florida led the country in job creation while he was governor 
cheezitthief1 Check this out: 
Rubio: America is 'most generous' country when it comes to legal immigration 
Rubio, Cruz and immigration: 
In 2013, Rubio argued his Gang of 8 immigration bill was "not amnesty." 
5 things to know about the fight between Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz on immigration 
Would cap-and-trade certainly have a "devastating" impact on the economy? We rated a similar Rubio claim False. 
But its possible that thousands of people have had their work hours cut as a result of Obamacare. 
Predictions that Obamacare would be a job-killer did not come true. 
We looked into the number of citations per person in Ferguson in a prior fact-check: 
As of May last year, 18 people at the V.A. had been fired 
Is ISIS an "existential threat" to the United States? 
If you hear anything in the debate you want us to fact check, tweet at us with  
At his rally down the street from the GOP debate, Trump repeated a wrong claim about trade imbalance with China 
Was Donald Trump, raising money for veterans, a draft dodger? 
"Smallest Navy since 1917"  a misleading talking point that won't die 
Our fact-check on Rubio's attacks on Cruz's defense spending votes: 
When Cruz misstated the definition of carpet bombing: 
PolitiFact Sheet: Military spending under Obama and Congress 
Ben Carson's Truth-O-Meter record: 
John Kasichs claims on our Truth-O-Meter: 
Rand Paul's record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Heres how Chris Christies claims have rated: 
Jeb Bush has released about 300K of his emails from his time as governor. 
Heres how Bushs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Marco Rubios Truth-O-Meter file: 
Heres how Ted Cruzs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter. 
We'd also recommend searching "PolitiFact" on Google. 
Follow our live coverage of the  here on Twitter, or on our live blog: 
If you hear anything in the debate you want us to fact-check, tweet at us:  
Trump is skipping tonight's  That's not wholly unprecedented. 
In a few minutes, our live coverage of tonight's  begins. Follow our live blog here: 
Bernie Sanders: Socialist or Democratic Socialist? 
How many veterans have "died waiting for healthcare"? 
Donald Trump isn't the first presidential candidate or front runner to skip a debate. 
Clinton wrong to say she's the only candidate to lay out a 'specific plan' to fight ISIS 
In Context: Donald Trump's turban talk PunditFact 
Clinton says she's only candidate to lay out a 'specific plan' to fight ISIS. False. 
You can sign up now for tomorrow's live debate coverage (Trump or no Trump) 
Donald Trump said Mexico can pay for a wall because the trade deficit is so big. False. 
The presidential scorecards so far: 
Sanders says his views on slavery reparations are same as Obama and Clinton. Mostly True. 
Ted Cruz says Blue Cross canceled all policies in Texas (including his own). Nope. 
Bernie Sanders says he polls better against GOP than Hillary Clinton. False. 
Could a GM worker pay for 1 yr of college on 2 wks work in '65? O'Malley gets a Mostly True 
Clinton twists what RepHardy said about people w/disabilities in Nevada. PolitiFactNV 
Trump: Cruz ad about Trump bulldozing widow's home is 'false advertising' 
RT AfricaCheck: Big news: AfricaCheck partners with PolitiFact amp; Poynter in US to fact-check claims about global health amp; development 
PolitiFact, AfricaCheck, Poynter announce initiative to fact-check claims about global health and development 
Trump on meetthepress: Cruz ad about Trump bulldozing widow's home is 'false advertising' 
Sanders charges that Trump says China invented the 'hoax' of climate change. Did Trump say that? Mostly True. 
Here's our final campaign event report after a week in Iowa. Demi Lovato sings at Clinton event. 
nateweger no, you didn't! :) 
Hillary Clinton rallies crowd of students with ddlovato in Iowa (though Bernie might be campus favorite) 
Thanks again to all our 2015 Kickstarter supporters who made this week's trip to Iowa possible. In 2 weeks: New Hampshire. 
Our GenX editor thought the song was Complicated. It is actually Confident. Sheesh. We millennials have set her straight. 
We've been in Iowa all week, see our live blog for previous coverage of Sanders, Trump, Fiorina and Clinton 
Follow AngieHolan and KatieLSanders for live tweets from Clinton rally in Iowa City. 
Ballroom at uiowa totally packed for Demi Lovato, now singing 'Stone Cold' at Clinton rally 
Demi Lovato opens Clinton rally with 'Complicated'. Follow KatieLSanders for Periscope ... 
Our editor AngieHolan tells what happens when fact-checkers leave their desks and go to Iowa: 
The crowd to see Clinton (and Demi Lovato) at the University of Iowa: 
See all of the updates from our big trip to Iowa on our live blog: 
What Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have in common: a report from Iowa 
The latest from our Iowa trip from editor AngieHolan (from historic, delicious HamburgInn in Iowa City). 
Is Trump as popular with Democrats as with Republicans? That's Pants on Fire! 
What Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have in common: 
Trump exaggerates when he says China has 'total control' over North Korea. Mostly False. 
Internet Archive unveils new political ad tracker. We're partners and we'll be there. 
We're at the Royal Mile if you're out and about in Des Moines. Join us! 
Bernie Sanders NRA report card: D-minus is most recent grade 
From the trail in Iowa. Carly Fiorina wrongly claims that we're seeing "record" abortions. 
This morning, we saw Trump in Norwalk and Fiorina in Des Moines. Our report: 
Democratic debates set to 'maximize' exposure? False for DWStweets 
Clinton makes inflated claim about GOP senators co-sponsoring her bills. False. 
Follow katielsanders for tweets from Fiorina's appearance. 
Now we're in Des Moines (warm botanical garden!) to see CarlyFiorina with Iowa Right to Life. 
Follow editor AngieHolan for live tweets of Donald Trump in Iowa 
Bernie Sanders in Underwood, Iowa, said Hillary Clinton isn't inevitable. Our on-the-ground report: 
The boots live! marcorubio's Pants on Fire claim that his boots were made in the USA 
Follow our editor AngieHolan as she tweets BernieSanders town hall in Iowa. 
Bernie Sanders crowd in Underwood 
Paul Ryan: If you were raised poor, youre just as likely to stay poor as 50 yrs ago. True 
New on Medium: Our quick take from Trump's first Iowa event of the day, where John Wayne's daughter endorsed him: 
Follow our editor AngieHolan for tweets at Trump event. Our team is traveling in Iowa this week checking the facts. 
It started snowing en route to John Wayne's birthplace, where we'll see Donald Trump this morning. 
Hillary Clinton repeated a dubious line about health care spending at a town hall in Toledo, Iowa, last night. 
The fact checkers' recap of Hillary Clinton's event in Toledo, Iowa last night: 
We're on the road in Iowa 
Hillary Clinton crowd in Toledo, Iowa 
No, Martin Luther King Jr. was not a Republican. 
Our team is on its way to Toledo, Iowa, to see HillaryClinton. Follow along here 
Less than 10 percent of defense budget is for fighting terrorism, Sanders says. Mostly False. 
Our team is on the ground in Iowa thanks to our kickstarter fans. Follow their travels for the next week here 
Fact-checking Sunday's Democratic presidential debate. 
Last  check tonight: Sanders exaggerates w/ claim that he helped write Obamacare 
Missed Sunday night's  Get caught up with our fact-checking round up. 
Clinton misspoke when she said health care costs are the lowest in 50 years. 
New tonight! Hillary Clinton takes on Bernie Sanders over "Charleston loophole" 
If you're in Des Moines on Wednesday, meet up with PolitiFact's AngieHolan, KatieLSanders amp; LaurenFCarroll: 
Dont forget to sign up for our weekly email newsletter to stay on top of our most recent fact-checks.  
If you heard anything tonight you'd like us to check, let us know with  
Sanders usually notes he doesnt have a super PAC, which makes him unique among presidential candidates.  
New fact check from  Clinton correct that Sanders flip-flopped on liability for gun makers, sellers 
Obama talked about how the U.S. spends more than the next 8 countries combined. We rated it Mostly True.  
Sanders often talks about the size of the U.S. defense budget.  
Heres how Bernie Sanders has fared on the Truth-O-Meter in the past.  
We've examined a viral image comparing where Clinton and Sanders stand on issues.  
Clinton said she helped get Iran to the negotiating table. Mostly True.  
Here's a look at some of Sanders' past comments on climate change and terrorism:  
Martin OMalleys PolitiFact scorecard has a lot of Half True ratings.  
Bill Clinton has said Glass-Steagall's repeal had nothing to do with the financial crisis.  
Fact-checking O'Malley's claim that Sanders sought a primary challenger to Obama:  
Clinton has said she called for Wall Street regulations early in the financial crisis. We found she did.  
What does the term socialist mean anyways? Sanders has called for a way of making capitalism humane.  
Clinton touted her work for SCHIP during her 2008 campaign:  
So does the US spend 3x as much as the UK does on health care, as Sanders says? Yes, we do.  
Sanders talks about how much the U.S. spends compared to other countries. A lot.  
We recently rated Chelsea Clinton's mischaracterization of Sanders' health care plan.  
Clinton has said 23 million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment. Mostly True.  
Clinton on losing 90 people a day to guns. Mostly True.  
Are more people in jail in the U.S than anywhere else? Pretty much, yeah.  
Fact-checking claims about race and diversity, including statements by Clinton and Sanders:  
Clinton has talked about the gun industry's legal liability before:  
Clinton said Sanders voted against the Brady bill five times. That's True.  
We've examined Bernie Sanders' history on background checks and waiting periods.  
Clinton mentioned the wage gap. Here's one of our looks at pay discrimination.  
A look at Hillary Clintons record on the Truth-O-Meter (including two Pants on Fire! ratings).  
Tonight's  is about to start. If you hear something you'd like us to check, tweet it to us with  
Will you be in Iowa this week? Join us for happy hour in Des Moines Wednesday! 
On meetthepress, Rubio wrongly credits Reagan for 1981 release of hostages from Iran 
Sanders: Clinton called Obama "naive" for saying he was would "talk to the Iranians" 
Rubio wrongly credits Reagan for 1981 release of hostages from Iran 
On meetthepress, Sanders said back in 2008, Obama was right and Clinton was wrong on Iran 
Come hang out with us in Iowa Wednesday! 
Rubio mischaracterizes Cruz's position on birthright citizenship during  
Cruz is right in back-and-forth with Rubio about vote on defense spending  
Did Eric Holder say he saw his mission as 'brainwashing' on guns, as Cruz said? Half True 
Early round-up from the GOP debate. Updating as we finish more fact-checks. 
Dont forget to sign up for our weekly email newsletter to stay on top of our most recent fact-checks.  
Here's what's wrong with Jeb Bush saying Hillary Clinton is under FBI investigation: 
Trump said tonight that refugees, migrants are mostly 'strong, powerful men.' False.  
Heres how Jeb Bushs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Cruz has said the FBI couldnt vet Syrian refugees, which takes comments out of context. 
5 things to know about the fight between Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz on immigration  
Jeb Bush: Hillary Clinton "is under investigation with the FBI right now."  
Say, how much money does Donald Trump have, anyway?  
Heres how Ted Cruzs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
PolitiFacts guide to the Republican tax plans:  
Cruz said earlier that U.S. has 'lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977':  
Heres how Marco Rubios claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
The trade imbalance with China has come up at previous debates. We looked at how much it really was here.  
Is there any way to vet Syrian refugees? Yes, yes there is.  
Heres how Donald Trumps claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Here are 5 things to know about the Syrian refugee crisis:  
Did Hillary Clinton call Assad a reformer? We've examined that before:  
Heres how Chris Christies claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
NEW! Donald Trump's False claim that refugees, migrants are mostly 'strong, powerful men' 
Confused by the rhetoric about the Iran deal? Heres 6 important things to know.  
People on the FBI's terrorist watch list have tried to buy guns before:  
PolitiFact Sheet: 3 things to know about the gun show loophole  
Hillary Clinton brough up Dylann Roof's background check before:  
Weve rated scads of statements about guns. Read through our archive here.  
Have you heard something you want us to check? Let us know with  
Heres how John Kasichs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter. 
We have fact-checked some attacks on Common Core school standards.  
Is Ted Cruz, born in Canada, eligible to run for president? Read on:  
PolitiFactTexas examined how federal finance law required Cruz to disclose 2012 campaign loans:  
Trump continues to conflate two different groups of refugees. We've broken this down before:  
Heres how Ben Carsons claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
Military budget cuts are largely the result of sequestration because Congress couldn't strike a deal: $GOPDebate 
What's the current state of our military? That's one we've examined before.  
Ohio Gov. John Kasich likes to take credit for helping balance the federal budget during the Clinton administration. 
We've looked at Cruz's statements about labor force participation since the '70s before: 
Heres how Ted Cruzs claims have rated on our Truth-O-Meter.  
If you hear something during tonight's  you'd like us to check, tweet us the statement with  
Obama said during  that U.S. has 'strongest, most durable economy in the world.' Mostly True. 
In Des Moines next week? Join PolitiFact for a happy hour on Wednesday! 
We'll be tweeting along with tonight's  in South Carolina. Join us starting at 9 p.m. 
Check out the candidates' scorecards on the Truth-O-Meter:  
Pro-Rubio super PAC says Christie instituted an Internet sales tax. Mostly False. 
Chelsea Clinton's attack on Bernie Sanders' health care plan: Mostly False 
New grant from DemocracyFund will help PolitiFact grow. 
Chelsea Clinton mischaracterizes Bernie Sanders' health care plan 
We'll be fact-checking the  tonight. Check out their records on the Truth-O-Meter: 
In Des Moines next week? Join PolitiFact for a happy hour on Wednesday!  
Pelosi wrongly says Russia, China never voted w/ US on Iran sanctions before nuclear deal. 
Pelosi wrongly says Russia, China never voted w/ U.S. on Iran sanctions before nuclear deal. 
Jeb Bush says as governor, he helped lower youth heroin use in Fla by 50. Half True 
Bernie Sanders says his health plan will save middle-class families thousands. So will it? 
Coming soon: PolitiFact Pennsylvania! 
Our  fact check is on Medium amp; we annotated Obama speech here 
Coming soon with billy_penn ... PolitiFact Pennsylvania! 
We're hitting the road to Iowa next week to cover the caucuses. If you love  come by and see us. 
High school graduation rates are at 'new highs,' says Obama in  
Obama  We spend more on military than next 8 nations combined. Mostly True. 
Economy is '"too weak to raise income levels," said nikkihaley in GOP response. Mostly True 
The private sector has seen job growth every single month since Obama signed the health law. 
Our 1st  fact-check: Obama says we have cut "our deficits by almost three-quarters." 
Apologies for an errant tweet earlier. We meant to say do we really borrow $1 MILLION/minute, not $1 Billion. 
Hear anything in Gov. Haley's response that we should fact-check? ruthometerpolitifact.com, or  
Haley's response touches on the 2013 Lie of the Year: "If you like your health care plan, you can keep it" 
Barack Obama and the Truth-O-Meter after the Charleston murders 
Nikki Haley's Truth-O-Meter scorecard: One Mostly True, one Half True. 
Thanks for following along with us. Don't go too far because we still have the GOP response + new fact-checks coming tonight. 
That's a wrap on Obama's last  We're eager to hear your tips for fact-checks. Send to ruthometerpolitifact.com or  
ahenshawisu working on it! Thanks. Here's an older version to hold you over: 
You can also send tips to ruthometerpolitifact.com. 
What have you heard in  that needs a fact-check? Send ideas to  
WillmSan we're working on fact-checks, too. 
Have Democrats lost 900 seats in state legislatures since Obama has been president? 
PROMISE BROKEN for Obama: Bring Democrats and Republicans together to pass an agenda 
We looked at whether ISIS poses an "existential threat" to the U.S. Experts explained what that means.  
Obama's pledge to close the Guantanamo Bay Detention Center is STALLED.  
Promise Kept for Obama: Giving Americans unrestricted rights to visit family, send $ to Cuba 
6 things to know about the Iran deal Obama just mentioned in  
Obama dismisses the "carpet bomb" strategy against ISIS (proposed by Ted Cruz) as talk. 
Obama touts 60+ coalition against ISIS, but only a handful of countries are conducting airstrikes: 
We found the GOP presidential candidates positions on the Islamic State fairly similar to Obama's 
 shifts to foreign policy, terrorism: 
PolitiFact's guide to military spending under Obama, Congress 
High prices, new extraction methods have led to a big increase in the amount of crude oil the country produces. 
This fact-check goes through studies showing consensus of scientists around climate change: 
Joe Biden's record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Speaking of space, one thing Obama didn't do with NASA: shut down flights in favor of Muslim outreach. PunditFact 
Those, um, slight disagreements over health care between Congress and Obama sure amounted to a lot of fact-checks: 
Obama says nearly 18 million have gained health coverage. Our look at what came true and what didn't with Obamacare: 
Our previous look at the deficit points out deficits have largely come down as a result of the improved economy. 
Read more on how the country's wealth is concentrated at the very top: 
Our archive on statements about the economy: 
Comparing the Great Recession and the Great Depression  
From our archive: Did the U.S. recover from the recession better than almost every advanced country? 
Obama's promise to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants rates Promise Broken. 
On Medium? Make sure you're following us! 
nbcnews looks at Obama's promises from our Obameter: 'Mission Unaccomplished: Obama's Unmet  Goals' 
Follow our live coverage of  here on Twitter or on our live blog --gt; 
Previewing President Obamas final State of the Union address 
Part of our team is spending a few days in Johannesburg working along our colleagues AfricaCheck. Hurry back!  
Previewing President Obamas final State of the Union address 
It's a day-night doubleheader of fact-checking today: PolitiFactFL on FLGovScott State of State, then PolitiFact at the ready for  
Obameter update: Obama takes executive action to better enforce gun laws 
Obameter update: Obama omits assault weapons ban from his 2016 gun violence reduction plan 
That's super cool! Thanks for sharing! 
Obameter update: Congress refuses Obama's goal of a path to citizenship 
Previewing President Obamas final State of the Union address 
Obama promise to create a tax credit of $500 for workers gets a rating of Compromise 
Obama campaign promise update: Provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants 
Obama campaign promise update: Better enforce gun laws 
Obama campaign promise update: Work to renew the assault weapons ban 
Fact-checking Donald Trump on Meet the Press 
Trump on meetthepress: "We get practically nothing" compared to cost of keeping US forces in S Korea. Mostly False 
Trump mentioned Iran deal on meetthepress, here's our fact sheet: 
Taliban swapped for Bergdahl are NOT back on battlefield, as Trump said on meetthepress 
Here's the basics on Ted Cruz's eligibility for president: meetthepress 
We're watching Donald Trump interview on meetthepress right now. Fact-checks on the way! 
Trump: The 5 GTMO detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are "back on the battlefield." 
We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns. 
Browse all of our fact-checks on guns: 
Here's a rundown of polls showing 90 of Americans support expanding background checks  
Earlier this week, Obama said: Violent felons can buy guns online without background checks 
Obama previously said "States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths."  
3 things to know about the 'gun show loophole'  
Obama: The NRA used to support more background checks. We've looked at this before. 
How did the background check system work in the case of the Charleston shooter?  
Obama's record on the Truth-O-Meter:  
Check out some of our recent fact-checks on guns before CNN's town hall with Obama: 
3 things to know about the 'gun show loophole' 
We checked a US-China cybersecurity claim by Carly Fiorina in Medium. Mostly False 
realDonaldTrump incorrectly says tedcruz has had a "double passport." No evidence. 
Smart guns are back in the news. No, they don't really fail 20 of the time. PunditFact) 
Our newest installment of PolitiFact Mailbag: 'Y'all have lost your marbles.' 
5 things to know in the Rubio-Cruz battle over immigration: 
Is Ted Cruz, born in Canada, eligible to run for president? 
Obama: Violent felons can buy guns online without background checks. Mostly True. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger pumps up Californias clean energy debate CAPolitiFact 
This claim is Mostly True. 
A lot of readers asked us about this claim from POTUS's speech on gun regulations today: 
Cecile Richards: Planned Parenthood is far more popular than Congress via PolitiFactTexas 
Obama: "A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check." 
p9cker_girl Our story: 
Today, Trump said Cruzs Canadian birth could be a problem. A story on this topic from our archives: 
Debunking IngrahamAngle's claim that the stat for 90 support of bg checks was "debunked." 
New video or not, Clinton claim about ISIS using Trump in video is still False. Here's why: 
Most NRA members back background checks on all gun purchases. Polls say that's true. 
Hear Obama say anything about gun control you want us to fact check? Tweet at or email us: ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Read this story for a run down of polls showing 90 support background checks: 
Other advanced countries don't have mass shootings? Mostly False. 
Is Barack Obama correct that mass killings don't happen in other countries? 
Obama: More gun laws means fewer gun deaths. Mostly True. 
Trump's 1st TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco 
Painful lessons for a troubled  Legislature as  session approaches via TB_Times stevebousquet 
Cecile Richards: Planned Parenthood is far more popular than Congress via PolitiFactTexas 
At least 34 journalists have been murdered in Russia since 2000. Did Putin kill them? 
Our check of Trump ad's Morocco footage, now w/ update from Trump camp: 'This was 1,000 percent on purpose' 
RT GeneEmery: I'm back with PolitiFact, helping them out. My 1st item for them, with loujacobson, just went live. 
Trump ad shows migrants at 'southern border.' They're actually in Morocco. Pants on Fire 
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick claims 25 drop in crime in right-to-carry states. Mostly False. 
Rand Paul: "Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes." 
Rand Paul: "Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes" in the Senate. That's an overstatement. 
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick: Study shows 25 drop in crime in states where people carry guns. 
Rand Paul on meetthepress: "Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes." 
Before you ring in the new year, check out the top 10 most viewed fact-checks of 2015 
Top-10 most popular fact-checks of 2015: 
Is Guantanamo a 'key component' of terrorist propaganda? 
Our 10 most popular fact-checks of 2015 include statements by Obama, Carson and Trump. 
Counting down to our most-popular fact-check of 2015 
91 of suspected terrorists in US who try to buy guns get weapons. Mostly True. 
Topic from last  What is the citizenship status of terrorist suspects in the United States? 
Mailbag: Readers respond to our 2015 Lie of the Year: 
2015 Lie of the Year: the campaign misstatements of Donald Trump 
Scott Walker says he has put more $ into mental health than any WI governor in last 25 years. True. PolitiFactWisc 
How do GOP candidates' ISIS strategies compare with the White House's? 
Of the 77 we've rated, 3/4 Trump statements are Mostly False or worse. 
Read about past Lie of the Year winners: 
The top-3 winners in our  reader's poll: 
Trump responds to being named winner of our  
Trump, our  winner, back in '87: "A little hyperbole never hurts." 
How do the GOP candidates' ISIS strategies differ from President Obama's? 
Cozy up by the fire with our collection of Pants on Fire statements 
2016 is bound to come up at the holiday dinner table. Here's all of our 2016 fact-checks: 
Check out of our fact-checks involving President Obama: 
From our archives: In its early years, did Congress work on Christmas? 
Talking politics around the dinner table? Here's all of our 2016 fact-checks in one place: 
From the archives: In its early years, did Congress work on Christmas? 
Look back at previous Lie of the Year winners: 
1st, 2nd, 3rd in our  reader's poll: Trump, Trump, Trump. 
Donald Trump doesn't seem excited about winning our  'Very dishonest group.' 
Great conversation about factchecking, CAPolitiFact and  on CapRadioNews 
PolitiFact readers react, positively amp; negatively, to our Donald Trump Lie of the Year pick 
Trump in '87: "A little hyperbole never hurts." Trump is our 2015  winner. 
A most enjoyable chat with RickGanley nhpr re   
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change in Libya. 
As rivals pounce, MarcoRubio steps up campaigning schedule via TB_Times learyreports 
Donald Trump didn't seem excited about winning our  'Very dishonest group.' 
Sanders spins the facts when he says campaign did not 'go out and take' Clinton data 
Ted Cruz says Senate Democrats sought "to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment." Mostly False 
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change in Libya. Mostly True. 
Donald Trump responds to PolitiFact's Lie of the Year. 'They are a very dishonest group.' 
realDonaldTrump responds! (And doubles down again).  
We couldn' settle on one realDonaldTrump claim for  
Marco Rubio says Ted Cruz voted for defense cuts in Rand Paul's budget. Mostly False 
realDonaldTrump wins the 2015 PolitiFact Lie of the Year. 
The top 3 in our readers Lie of the Year poll? Trump, Trump and Trump. 
The 2015 Lie of the Year winner is ... the campaign misstatements of Donald Trump 
Christie said in debate that Obama invited Russia into Syrian military role. Mostly False. 
PolitiFact's 2015  the misstatements of realDonaldTrump 
TheRickWilson: Trump's rhetoric is "highly negative, deeply pessimistic, and profoundly nasty."  
drlabossiere: "Some of Trumps untrue claims fall into the harmful category." 
realDonaldTrump: "A little hyperbole never hurts."  
Compare realDonaldTrump's  win to previous years' winners. 
Readers voted Donald Trump first, second and third.  
See all of our fact-checks of realDonaldTrump here  
Trump "preys on turning economic insecurity into ugly us versus them identity politics." 
PolitiFact's 2015 Lie of the Year: the campaign misstatements of realDonaldTrump 
Trump has "perfected the outrageous untruth as a campaign tool."  
PolitiFact's 2015  the falsehoods of realDonaldTrump 
IndiePolitik We did. Check it out here: 
What will win 2015 Lie of the Year? Get our email newsletter to be the 1st to know. 
Lindsey Graham is dropping out of the 2016 race. See how full Truth-O-Meter scorecard 
Lindsey Graham has suspended his 2016 campaign. His record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Fact-checking the New Hampshire Democratic debate 
Donald Trump is right about Putin's popularity in Russia and earns first True rating from PolitiFact 
Trump to chucktodd: US polls show Putin has 80 approval in Russia. True! 
Hillary Clinton: ISIS is using videos of Donald Trump as recruiting tool  
Fact-checking realDonaldTrump,@SpeakerRyan on meetthepress with chucktodd 
Trump on meetthepress: US polls show Putin has 80 approval in Russia 
At  O'Malley said Hillary Clinton flips on gun issues 'every election' 
Paul Ryan tells chucktodd families paying "double-digit premium increases" w/Obamacare. 
Fact-checking the New Hampshire Democratic debate 
Bernie Sanders is correct. US spends 3 times what UK spends on health care 
Here's the right link for that -- sorry! 
Fact-checking O'Malley's claim that Clinton flips on gun issues 'every election'  
No evidence for Clinton claim that ISIS is already showing Trump in recruiting videos 
Closing statements! What most needs a fact-check from  ? Tweet us with  
Our 2008 article on Hillary Clinton's international travel as First Lady  
From the archives, Clinton's extensive international travel as First Lady 
Our fact-check on what happened in Libya after Gaddafi, from earlier Clinton speech  
All of our fact-checks about drugs 
A favorite line of Sanders': The US has 'more people in jail than any other country' 
Does a black, male baby born today have a 1-in-3 chance of ending up in prison? 
Sanders has said 'every other major country' has family paid leave except United States 
The United States was No. 1 in college degrees in 1990, but has since slipped to No. 12. 
Sanders repeats line US is only major country that doesn't guarantee health care as a right. 
Visit our PolitiFact archive on health care claims 
O'Malley echoes his earlier attack on Clinton and big banks, Glass-Steagall. 
Is Bernie Sanders the only presidential candidate without a super PAC? 
Meme says Clinton's top donors are banks, corporations, Sanders' are labor unions 
Bernie Sanders loves talking about the economy. And we've fact-checked him on it (a bunch). 
mbbrower95 here's some background on that: 
What should we fact-check from the  so far?  
Clinton points to improved Libya in  She has said Libyans 2x voted 'in free and fair elections' 
One GOP attack on Hillary Clinton says she called Syria's Bashar al-Assad a 'reformer' 
Jeb Bush, Hillary Clinton and authorizing the war in Iraq 
Yes, we've even fact-checked a claim about the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. 
The US-led ISIS coalition includes more than 60 countries. But only a few are doing the fighting.  
Jeb Bush said it takes almost a year to process a refugee. That's the low end of estimates 
PolitiFact Sheet: 5 questions about Syrian refugees  
Strong case that virtually all the new wealth is going to the top 1, as Sanders said. 
Some have argued Trump's Muslim ban isn't that different from Jimmy Carter and Iranians. Not a strong comparison 
Learn more about the "Charleston loophole" Hillary Clinton just brought up in this fact-check: 
Clinton once said the gun industry is 'wholly protected' from all lawsuits. Not true. 
Did Bernie Sanders vote against background checks and waiting periods for gun purchases? 
Martin OMalleys PolitiFact scorecard has a lot of Half True ratings. 
Hillary Clinton has said U.S. loses 90 people/day to guns (or about 33K a year). Mostly True 
The  is turning to gun control. See all of our factchecks on guns here: 
Hillary Clintons Truth-O-Meter scorecard 
Sanders talks about how the US is only major country that doesn't offer universal health care. More background here: 
Monday, we unveil the Lie of the Year! Sign up for our email newsletter, be 1st to know: 
Bernie Sanders' Truth-O-Meter scorecard (no Pants on Fires). 
The fact-checker's guide to viral graphics contrasting Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders 
It's getting started! If you hear something you want fact-checked, email us at ruthometerpolitifact.com or tweet  
Television network said  would start at 8 p.m. 
Follow our liveblog for more context on  than tweets can offer (we'll still be bringing the tweets tho) 
Follow our staff for  angieholan asharock katielsanders loujacobson jpgillin laurenfcarroll YLindaQiu jonzgreenberg 
PolitiFact's 2015 Lie of the Year is coming 12.21.15. What statement will win? 
For those watching  you'll need this guide to contrasts between Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders 
We'll be fact-checking the  starting at 8 p.m. ET. Follow our live coverage here 
Pick among our list of finalists for Lie of the Year or submit your own! Poll closes tomorrow at 12pm ET 
Cruz says Rubio's immigration bill gave Obama power to let in refugees with no background checks. False. 
Greg Abbott incorrectly says Obama 'himself' admitted refugees who helped terrorists 
Rep Andre Carson: Racial supremacist groups r bigger threat in U.S. than jihadists. Nope. 
30 minutes left to vote for the 2015 Lie of the Year! 
politifact to fact check what pols are writing on Medium in 2016, thanks to knightfdn 
Your time to vote on the 2015 Lie of the Year is running out. Poll closes at noon ET! 
Poll closes Friday 12/18 at noon ET: What was 2015's Lie of the Year? Reader's Choice 
Poll closes Friday 12/18 at noon ET: Vote for the 2015 Lie of the Year! 
PolitiFact's 2015 Lie of the Year is coming 12.21.15. What statement will win? 
Trump says 9/11 hijackers' wives, grilfriends flew home to watch the attacks on TV. False 
Rand Paul at  Killing families of terrorists violates Geneva Conventions. 
2,000+ suspected terrorists have legally bought guns in the US since '04 via CAPolitiFact 
Rubio on Freedom Act: "There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before." Half 
Rubio and Cruz spar over domestic surveillance program 
Ted Cruz's 'all horse thieves are Democrats' quip--did FDR's grandpa say that? PolitiFactTexas took a closer look 
Ted Cruz misfires on definition of 'carpet bombing' in GOP debate. 
Vote now for PolitiFact's Lie of the Year reader's choice award: 
Our early round-up from Tuesday night's Las Vegas GOP debate. More to come soon! 
Our early round-up from Tuesday night's Las Vegas GOP debate. 
Fiorina lists generals who "retired early" after clashing w/Obama. Not every name holds up. 
Rand Paul said that Marco Rubio is for an 'open border' -- that's ridiculous. Pants on Fire! 
Thanks for following our debate coverage. We'll be posting more fact-checks shortly. 
Our fact-check of Ted Cruz: Did the FBI director say he "cannot vet" Syrian refugees? 
Jeb Bush largely right that Donald Trump said 'ISIS was not our fight' 2 months ago 
Chris Christie says he was named US attorney on Sept. 10, 2001. Our look at a similar claim rated Mostly False. 
As the debate wraps up, we want to hear if you anything crying out for a fact-check. Reply or use the hash-tag  
Rating Obama's promises on cybersecurity 
Speaking of North Korea, Marco Rubio in October it "has over two-dozen nuclear warheads." 
Ben Carson has said theres no way to vet Syrian refugees, which weve rated Mostly False in the past. 
By the way, the rating on that was... 
Cruz in Aug: "A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty." 
Rubio in Nov. claimed Cruz supports "legalizing people that are in this country illegally." 
You're probably not surprised we're talking about immigration. Here's our archive on that. 
5 myths about immigration 
Experts say comparing today's Navy to its size 100 years ago is flawed for a few reasons. 
All of our fact-checks about terrorism 
We've looked at whether ISIS existed when George W Bush was president and al-Qaida was 'wiped out'  
Speaking of the $4T that Trump referenced, he has said before that 61 percent of Americas bridges are in trouble. 
Did Hillary Clinton call Assad a 'possible reformer'? We've looked at that before. 
We've heard about "outsourcing" with the US military. Here's more info on the US borrowing equipment in Europe. 
Read all of our fact-checks on foreign policy.  
Hear something you want fact-checked? Tweet us with  
Some claims by Trump arent checkable, such as Bush is a "low-energy candidate." Others we have been able to check. 
Our fact-sheet on military spending cuts under Obama and Congress.  
Fact-checking the NSA phone records program  
Rubio said in June there's "not a single documented case of abuse" of US metadata collection 
Follow along with our live blog of the  here: 
There are a lot of questions about Syrian refugees coming to the United States. Here are some answers. 
Nearly half of fact-checks of Jeb Bush have rated True or Mostly True. 
Cruz is right: Obama doesn't link Islam to terrorism 
Weve fact-checked Marco Rubio 119 times, more than any other Republican running. 
Donald Trump, 75 fact-checks, zero statements rated True. 
When it comes to radical Islamic terrorism, the GOP, Obama are in a war on words. 
Jeb Bush blamed Barack Obama for defense cuts before. That's Mostly False. 
Compare the Truth-O-Meter records of the Republican candidates  
Our live blog is up and running. Follow here  
Vote for PolitiFact's Lie of the Year. 
New fact-check: Trump exaggerates how much coal in US has been phased out. Mostly False 
See the record of South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham 
Rick Santorum has a mixed record on PolitiFact's Truth-O-Meter. His scorecard is here. 
The undercard debate is underway. See Mike Huckabee's Truth-O-Meter record 
We're getting ready for tonight's GOP debate. Follow along with our live coverage here. 
Smallest Navy since 1915? Read more about that talking point amp;other facets of military cuts in our PolitiFact Sheet: 
Prep for tonight's  with our new PolitiFact Sheet on military spending cuts under Obama and Congress 
It's debate night: Live fact-checking the GOP Las Vegas debate 
Ted Cruz: CIA deputy testified that Obama spared ISIS oil due to global warming concerns. 
From the weekend: PolitiFact is parnerting with NBCNews, meetthepress for the 2016 election 
PolitiFact names asharock executive director, katielsanders deputy editor, loujacobson senior correspondent. 
Vote for PolitiFact's Lie of the Year. 
Marco Rubio to chucktodd: "The states have always defined marriage." 
See the Truth-O-Meter scorecards of the GOPers running for president and sign up for our Tuesday debate coverage 
Here's our summary of factchecking Marco Rubio on today's meetthepress 
Marco Rubio on meetthepress: "The states have always defined marriage." Half True. 
In meetthepress Qamp;A, Rubio largely right that 3-4 countries taking military shots at ISIS 
PolitiFact partnering with NBCNews for 2016 election 
That's worth a  
Are Carter's actions in Iran hostage crisis a precedent for Trump's Muslim ban? Not really 
In 2000, "I wrote about Osama bin Laden, Weve got to take him out." - realDonaldTrump 
In a sea of truthiness, fact-checking is a lifesaver: Essay for nytimes by our editor AngieHolan 
The fight over the words "radical Islamic terrorism." We unpack why 3 words matter. 
There's a fight over the term "radical Islamic terrorism". Here's why 3 little words matter. 
Scalia: Most black scientists went to 'lesser' colleges. Half True. 
Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Rubio called for internment of Muslims. Pants on Fire! 
It's 'Lie of the Year' time again! Vote now for the Readers' Choice award: 
See the Truth-O-Meter scorecards of the GOPers running for president and sign up for our Tuesday debate coverage 
Trump: 25 of US Muslims think violence is justified in the name of jihad. 
Trump cites shaky survey in call to ban Muslims from entering US 
Rand Paul says France's electronic surveillance 1000x stronger than US program. Mostly True 
Joe Scarborough: In days after Paris attack, admin ruled out possibility of attack at home 
Before BernieSanders swings by jimmyfallon tonight, brush up on his Truth-O-Meter record. 
REp. Alan Grayson says tedcruz is not an American. We say Pants! 
YouTube video: Michigan Muslims can list multiple wives as 'extended family' for welfare 
Is there a law "that says it's a crime to transport dentures across state lines"? 
YouTube video says Mich. Muslims can list multiple wives as 'extended family' for welfare 
Singers are paid when a radio station plays their songs, right? Not in the U.S. -- or China, North Korea or Iran. 
Rubio: 700K Americans could be affected by bill tying terrorist watch list to gun purchases 
PolitiFact is like a "vitamin for a balanced media diet," says our editor AngieHolan. Full onthemedia interview: 
Fact-checking HillaryClinton and MarcoRubio about guns and terrorist watch lists: 
Rubio: 700K Americans could be affected by bill tying terrorist watch list to gun purchases 
Hillary Clinton says the background check for the Charleston shooter wasn't "fast enough." 
Final line-up for the Sunday news shows. Implications from San Bernardino shootings grow. 
We're up with our first look at the Sunday talk show guests. Terrorism twist in Calif. 
Do fish really swim in the streets of  as BarackObama says? 
New information doesn't fix Donald Trump's 9/11 claim. It's still Pants on Fire! 
Donald Trump's support for his claim that he saw "thousands" cheering on 9/11 falls flat. Still Pants on Fire! 
New information doesn't fix Donald Trump's 9/11 claim. 
Clinton campaign's claim that Ted Cruz 'tried to ban contraception' 5 times is exaggerated. 
It's tougher to know who's really a Christian than JebBush says. Half True 
JebBush says refugee religious screening is required. Mostly True. 
Ted Cruz says 'overwhelming majority of violent criminals' are Dems. We say Mostly False 
Duke's Sanford School of Public Policy has put out this podcast on fact-checking, featuring us. Take a listen! 
Ben Carson: "Family Research Council, according to some government agencies, is a terrorist group." False 
Congressional candidate says Jeb Bush's Social Security plan raises retirement age to 70. In context, Mostly False. 
Our 5 most-read articles from November: 1 True, 1 Mostly False, 2 Pants on Fires, and 1 fact-sheet 
Our 5 most-read fact-checks from November: 
Remember Trump on Chevy's in Japan? We just happened be there and checked it out. 
Congrats, PolitiFactWisc! 1,000 fact-checks on Wisconsin politics: 
Obama pledge to close Guantanamo Bay still Stalled on the Obameter 
A car salesman in Osaka, Japan, sums up Chevy's woes there: "Image and reality." 
Some of our top fact-checks about race and criminal justice: 
Ordained minister: "Jesus was an undocumented immigrant." 
10,000 IRS agents but only 2 dozen gov't workers focused on 'violent extremism'? Mostly False. PolitiFactWisc 
Ben Carson said Thomas Jefferson helped craft the Constitution. False. 
Yes, Donald Trump, Chevys are rare in Japan. Our report from Tokyo explores why. 
Does Trump want a registry for all Muslims? Or just some Muslims? Or no database at all? 
PolitiFact Mailbag: Readers call out our recent turkeys 
Bernie Sanders: Saudi Arabia is more focused on the Yemen crisis than fighting ISIS. True. 
10,000 IRS agents but only 2 dozen gov't workers focused on 'violent extremism'? 
Wendy Davis: Texas law cut health services for 150K women, cost millions PolitiFactTexas 
Does Trump want a registry for all Muslims? Or just some Muslims? Or no database at all? 
Bernie Sanders: Saudi Arabia is more focused on the conflict in Yemen than fighting ISIS. 
In Context: Donald Trump's comments on a database of American Muslims 
We're aiming to line up an IAMA on reddit after one of the debates. This note serves to authenticate our request for the IAMA mods. 
Migration Policy Inst. profiles Syrian immigrants. 2,261 resettled in US 2011-2015 
Mailbag: A few readers say they're with Trump on 9/11 celebrations 
Trump said thousands in NJ cheered when World Trade Center tumbled. Pants on Fire! 
Mailbag: A few readers say they're with Trump on 9/11 celebrations 
Do 59 of Americans believe Obama is Muslim? No, though 29 is still a lot. 
Jeb Bush wrongly claims Obama didn't host a Republican senator for dinner until 2013 
Clinton says she pushed sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table. Mostly True. 
Bad 24 hours for realDonaldTrump on the Truth-O-Meter. 2 Pants on Fire claims, his 14th and 15th 
Trump's tweet on black-on-white homicides had many flaws. We flagged all of them. 
The known video footage comes from Palestinian territories. 
The 2001 story includes no source, and we found no evidence these allegations stuck. 
Were Missouri protesters upset Paris attacks stole their spotlight? via PolitiFactMo 
Hillary Clinton says she pushed sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table 
Donald Trump's tweet about black murder rates has many people seeking accurate information. Here it is. 
Clinton says 'the Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections.' Half True 
Trump: "Thousands and thousands" of people in New Jersey cheered on 9/11. Pants on Fire! 
Trump said 'thousands' in Jersey City cheered when Trade towers came down. Pants on Fire! 
One question we get a lot is whether Ted Cruz, born in Canada, can be president. The answer is, most likely. 
Fact-checking Donald Trump's claim about thousands cheering in New Jersey after 9/11. 
Trump says he watched "thousands and thousands of people" in New Jersey cheer on 9/11 
CEO of conservative advocacy group: The U.S. accepted 67 of the world's refugees in 2013. 
Donald Trump: "Thousands" of people in New Jersey cheered on 9/11. Pants on Fire! 
Fiorina says 'vast majority' of Syrian refugees are able bodied young men. 
Missouri politician's Pants on Fire claim that there was 'zero' evidence of swastika incident on Missouri campus. 
PunditFact previews the Nov. 22 Sunday shows 
Rick Scott says feds will send 425 Syrian refugees to Florida. Half True. via PolitiFactFL 
Trump says NYPD used to have surveillance in mosques but mayor stopped it. Half True. 
PolitiFact Mo.: Did  protesters tweet gripes that Paris attacks stole their media spotlight? No evidence 
PolitiFact Sheet: 5 questions about Syrian refugees 
Fox's TeamCavuto stacks Medicare spending vs top 1 income, with flawed results PunditFact 
PolitiFact Sheet: 5 questions about Syrian refugees 
Did David Vitter take a prostitute's call minutes before skipping a vote to honor soldiers? 
Bernie Sanders will speak about democratic socialism today. What the term means: 
Ben Carson: There's "no ability to vet" Syrian refugees. 
Exciting international factcheckathon of the G20 We are everywhere (almost). 
Trump says Obama is resettling refugees in states with GOP governors. Pants on Fire 
Rubio says Cruz supports legal status and work permits for "illegal" immigrants 
Hillary Clinton: 3,000 "killed by guns" between Nevada and Iowa Democratic debates 
Is the U.S the most generous in refugee aid? Obama says so. It's Mostly True 
Does Japan keep out radical Islam through strong restrictions on Muslims? No, Pants on Fire 
Clinton: "Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3K people have been killed by guns." 
Is ISIS an 'existential threat' to the U.S., as Ben Carson amp; Lindsey Graham have said? 
bindleW See our fact-check on this subject: 
Bernie Sanders: Climate change is "directly related" to the growth of terrorism. 
Baby Got Pac says Demos, Clinton campaign admit they are afraid of Rubio. via PolitiFactFL 
Contrary to what some are saying, there IS a vetting process for Syrian refugees and can take up to two years. 
Congrats! PolitiFactTexas expands to Houston, San Antonio newspapers 
Rhodes: When Obama called ISIL contained, he meant geographically in Iraq. True. 
In context: Did Barack Obama say ISIS is contained? 
Fact-checking the Sunday news shows, Obama's words about containing ISIS 
Jeb Bush: "It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States." 
What POTUS said about ISIS being contained 
Martin O'Malley asked to be fact-checked during last night's  We couldn't resist. 
We're back at it this morning fact-checking the Sunday shows. Here's what to watch for 
Fact-checking the Iowa Democratic presidential debate 
Fact-checking the Iowa Democratic presidential debate 
Sanders low-balls Pentagon anti-terror spending. Gets a Mostly False. 
In  Sanders says US is only major country w/o health care guarantee. Half True 
From tonight's  Income tax rates were 90 percent under Eisenhower, Sanders says. True. 
O'Malley: "Net immigration from Mexico last year was 0. Fact-check me."  
In  Sanders says 500,000 troops came back with PTSD, TBI. Mostly True PolitiFactIowa 
From tonight's  Hillary Clinton says wages haven't risen since turn of the century. Half True. 
Follow up on tonight's  by signing up for PoltiFacts weekly email newsletter.  
Sanders: Child poverty is higher in America than any other major country. Mostly False.  
One more call four our readers: Tweet us statements you'd like us to check with  
We've checked a few statements about health care over the years:  
Sanders has brought up the unemployment rate for young African-Americans before:  
Hillary Clintons email: classified or not?  
Sanders said U.S. has "more people in jail than any other country." Mostly True.  
Bill Clinton said in August Glass-Steagall repeal had nothing to do with financial crisis. Mostly True:  
Clinton has said, "We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns."  
Did Bernie Sanders vote against background checks and waiting periods for gun purchases?  
Clinton has talked about gun manufacturers' legal liability before:  
O'Malley said in October Clinton doesn't want to reinstate Glass-Steagall:  
A meme said Clinton's donors are banks amp; corporations, Sanders' are labor unions.  
Yep, Bernie Sanders is the only Democrat without a super PAC.  
Clinton has said she called for Wall Street regulations early on. We've rated that True.  
Does raising the minimum wage always result in job growth?  
When Bill Clinton said in June there's zero net migration from Mexico since 2010, we said Mostly True.  
sixsceptres We are! 
What are you hearing from the  that needs a fact-check? Tweet us with  
Sanders said the U.S. is the 'only major country' that doesn't guarantee right to health care. Half True.  
How high were tax rates under Reagan and Eisenhower?  
BernieSanders has decried how much the top 0.1 make before:  
We looked at Democratic tax plans in this fact-check:  
How many Syrian refugees could come to the U.S.? Read more in this check of seanhannity:  
For more about Syrian refugees, both in UN camps and going to Europe, read our check of realDonaldTrump:  
For more on the Authorizations for Use of Military Force that HillaryClinton described, read this:  
Here's a link to all of our fact-checks of statements about Islam:  
We've examined HillaryClinton's position on the Iraq War before:  
Fact-checking the link between climate change and ISIS in Syria:  
Here is some history of the rise of ISIS in the aftermath of the Iraq War.  
What Obama said about Islamic State as a 'JV' team  
Get the facts delivered to your inbox with PoltiFacts weekly email newsletter.  
Tonight's  is about to begin. If you hear the candidates say anything you'd like us to check, tweet us with  
Carly Fiorina says Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has no Congr. oversight. Half True 
Ben Carson: "The Chinese are there" in Syria. 
We'll be fact-checking tonight's  so follow along with us. 
What Obama said about Islamic State as a 'JV' team 
For. Policy to dominate tonight's Dem debate. Follow with PolitiFact, and tomorrow on the Sunday news shows. 
Rubio claims North Korea has more than two dozen nuclear warheads. Half True. 
Thanks! 
megynkelly miscasts the Mizzou story. Errors on causes, timing, scope of ouster calls. 
PolitiFact Editor Angie Holan will be on washingtonweek on PBS tonight with gwenifill, talking about our 2016 fact-checking. 
We look at Ultraviolet's take on 5 things Ben Carson said about women's issues. 
Super PAC says Cruz stopped Rubio's 'amnesty' immigration legislation. Mostly False. 
Trump says TPP lets China "totally take advantage of everyone." Pants on Fire! 
Rubio proposes $1 trillion spending on tax credits and defense, says Rand Paul 
Bernie Sanders says over half of black workers earn less than $15 an hour. Mostly True 
Chris Christie: Democrats plan "to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent." 
Starbucks  never said the word 'Christmas' in the first place. Pants on Fire! 
Fact-checking Ben Carson's Benghazi attack on Hillary Clinton from last night's GOP debate: 
Pants on Fire for Carly Fiorina, who said "Obamacare isn't helping anyone." 
Ben Carson at debate: Hillary Clinton gave conflicting accounts about Benghazi 
At GOP debate, Trump said Eisenhower deported 1.5 million illegal immigrants 
On the Starbucks cup flap: We can't find that the word Christmas was ever there. 
Ben Carson said raising the minimum wage always increases joblessness. False.  
Rubio said welders make more money than philosophers. That's False 
Our fact-checks so far from the 4th  
Mike Huckabee: Only 1 out of 5 "so-called Syrian refugees" were actually Syrian. 
Fact-checking the 4th  
Ted Cruz says US tax code has more words than the Bible. True. 
Heard something at the  that needs a fact check? Tweet us with  
At  Rand Paul says income inequality is worse in cities run by Democrats. 
Ben Carson says minimum wage hikes always lead to a rise in joblessness. False. 
Our factchecks on Climate Change  
From 1st  fact-check on Clinton's time in gov't vs. rest of GOP field. 
Are 6 of the 10 richest counties around Washington, D.C.? Yes.  
Donald Trump said the trade imbalance with China tops $500 billion. Mostly False.  
Did HillaryClinton change opinions on the TPP, per JebBush? We said Full Flop.  
Now would be a good time to remind you to sign up for out email newsletter. Head over to to do it. 
Christie said earlier the U.S. is in the worst recovery since WWII. Half True.  
RandPaul is right, China is not part of the Trans Pacific Partnership. 
Christie says US in worst recovery since WWII. Half True. Right on GDP, not on jobs. 
In 2013 we checked whether U.S. military spending was as high as the next 10 countries combined. It was.  
Are more businesses dying than being created, as JebBush (amp; other candidates) said? Data has changed.  
Is the tax code longer than the Bible? It is, by quite a bit:  
For more on RealBenCarson's tax plan, read how it could affect the deficit:  
Donald Trump's fracked-up claim on shale's economic impact in Ohio:  
PolitiFactWis fact-checked how well Israel's wall was working.  
Here's an explainer of the Appeals Court ruling on Obama's actions immigration:  
Fact-checking Ben Carson's defense of his West Point scholarship story:  
A lot of you are asking us to check RandPaul's comment about  We've heard you loud and clear. 
billclinton said D presidents top Rs in job creation. We rated that True.  
For a closer look at JebBush's tax plan, review the details we examined before:  
Was John Kasich a chief architect of balancing the federal budget? Mostly True.  
We've examined claims about raising the minimum wage before, including whether it would destroy jobs.  
For a guide to the GOP tax plans that have been revealed so far, read our handy roundup here:  
A live fact-check: Jindal said he's the only undercard candidate who cut taxes. Half True. 
Get the facts delivered to your email. Sign up for PolitiFact's email, 
Here's the state business tax climate study from the Tax Foundation to which Jindal was referring: 
Check out our explainer on the Chinese cyberattack on the Office of Personnel Management. 
Bobby Jindal has boasted of cutting the size of government before: 
During the last debate, Christie said Bernie Sanders wanted "to raise your taxes to 90 percent." 
If you see anything during tonight's debate you think we should check, tweet us the statement with  
Obamacare co-ops are failing, but Zeke Emanuel says that should be expected. We fact-check his rationale. 
You can review all our fact-checks related to the 2016 presidential race in one convenient location: 
We'll be tweeting all night, during both the undercard debate at 7 p.m. as well as the main event at 9 p.m. 
Fact-checking Martin O'Malley's claim that Bernie Sanders sought primary challenger to Obama 
We'll be tweeting and fact-checking tonight's  on FoxBusiness, so join us! 
Get the facts delivered to your email. Sign up for PolitiFact's email, 
It seems like the problem was a bad ad. It's in the process of being corrected. In the meantime, read us on Medium! 
We are having some technical issues that might make it difficult to scroll on We're working on a solution. 
johnnydollar01 Our mistake. Just fixed. 
Fact-checking the 2016 GOP presidential candidates 
Ahead of the Milwaukee debate, a look at the candidates on the Truth-O-Meter via PolitiFactWisc 
Des Moines Register, PolitiFact team up for fact-checking in Iowa 
Ben Carson: No signer of Declaration of Independence held elected office 
Fact-checking the Sunday news shows, Ben Carson's defense of the West Point scholarship story 
Ben Carson: West Point uses the words "full scholarship" on their website. 
Trump: 'My numbers on leadership, its two or three or four times higher than anybody else' 
Ben Carson's Pants on Fire claim that no signer of Declaration of Independence held office 
Rick Santorum says he's the only GOP candidate against "amnesty." PolitiFactIowa says False 
The Truth-O-Meter is now in Iowa! A new partnership with the DMRegister 
We get all nostalgic and review the weak claims made about Keystone XL over the years. 
Get our first look at which candidates are on the Sunday news shows. We'll be watching and checking. 
How long would it take for Taylor Swift to pay a day's debt interest? Before her 1989 tour, more than 3 years. 
Heard something in California politics that needs a fact-check? Email CAPolitiFact at olitifactcacapradio.org 
We take a look at leading GOP candidates' tax plans. 
Donald Trump says his tax plan wouldn't increase the deficit. It would by $10 trillion. 
Jeb Bush says the middle class gets the biggest tax break under his plan. via PolitiFactFL 
Rubio: Never "a single shred of evidence" Benghazi attacks were spontaneous. 
Our most-read October fact check debunked this chart: 
iu70us The answer is just a click away. 
Does Donald Trumps SNL appearance Saturday trigger equal time for the Republican field? 
WWJazzyD Yep! Here's Hillary Clinton's file, to start you off: 
Iowa's GOP caucus might not be a kingmaker, but it will certainly help narrow the field. 
Our top-5 fact-checks from October: Planned Parenthood, the debates and foreign leaders at a Russian university. 
Ben Carson says his tithe-based tax plan wouldn't leave the govt with a $1.1 trillion hole. 
Marco Rubio: Biggest percentage gains from his tax plan will go to lowest-income groups. 
From the archives: For every KY Obamacare sign-up, there are 40 cancellations  
From our archives: Marco Rubio said charges on GOP credit card were made with his money. 
We're looking for a reporter who wants to fact-check with us in 2016. 
Heard something in California politics that needs a fact-check? Email CAPolitiFact at olitifactcacapradio.org 
Cool graphic from CAPolitiFact explains how we fact-check 
Check out the audio report on CAPolitifact fact-check on Jerry Brown about smog: 
Trump: CNBC debate was supposed to be 3 hours, so I "renegotiated it down to 2." 
Welcome, CAPolitiFact! CapRadioNews launches PolitiFact California, fact-checks Jerry Brown, Kevin de Leon. 
Trump: Fracking "is why Ohio is doing well." False, not even the drillers back his claim. 
Trump: CNBC debate was supposed to be 3 hours, but I "renegotiated it down to 2." 
Was the CNBC debate supposed to be 2 or 3 hours? realDonaldTrump v. JohnJHarwood 
Trump: John Kasich "got lucky" with fracking, which is "why Ohio is doing well." 
Understanding how realDonaldTrump can host this week's Saturday Night Live. 
Rand Paul says debt limit deal allows Obama 'to borrow unlimited' money. Mostly False. 
Bush on meetthepress: Just 2 bills sponsored by Rubio, Cruz or Paul have become law 
Fact-checking Carly Fiorina, Jeb Bush on the Sunday news shows. 
In interview w/ chucktodd, Bush said Rubio, Cruz amp; Paul have a combined '2 bills that became law.' Mostly True. 
Carly Fiorina defends flawed job loss claim, then makes flawed claim about poverty: 
Carly Fiorina on FoxNewsSunday tried to clarify/defend her False claim about women job losses 
House Speaker Paul Ryan blitzes the Sunday news shows. See the line up for all the shows. 
Reader points us to new data, sending Rubio claim on small biz deaths from True to Half True. 
At  Rubio calls an accurate tally of financial mishaps 'discredited.' 
Carson: Among small manufacturers, "the average cost in terms of regulations is $34K per employee." Half True. 
Cruz says hes the GOPer with most cash on hand. Mostly True. via PolitiFactTexas 
Watch editor AngieHolan discuss our fact-checks of the  with gwenifill on pbsnewshour 
Look for PolitiFact editor AngieHolan on NewsHour tonight talking with gwenifill about our fact-checks of the  
Ted Cruz says median wage for women has dropped $733 under Obama. False 
CarlyFiorina levies out-dated attack on Obama and women's jobs. Fact: gains, not losses. 
Carson: "I didnt have an involvement with" supplement company Mannatech.  
Carson at  "I didnt have an involvement with" supplement company Mannatech. 
A round-up of our  fact-checks so far: 2 Pants of Fires, 2 Trues and more to come: 
Be sure to follow our newest state partner, CAPolitiFact, who will sort out the truth in California politics starting next week. 
marcorubio said Obama, Kerry missed many votes, snagged endorsements. True.  
Trump didn't know his website said Rubio was Zuckerberg's personal senator. Pants on Fire 
Here's a Pants on Fire! for Donald Trump's comments about Mark Zuckerberg 
If you haven't yet, take a second and sign up for our weekly email newsletter 
That was fun! We've got several more fact-checks in the works tonight. Stay tuned. 
New fact-check: Marco Rubio says more businesses are closing than opening for the first time in 35 years. True. 
Our Top 10 fact-checks about climate change. 
For the record Ryan Tannenhill was 18-for-19 last week, with 4 TDs. 
Blaming Obamacare for the closures of small businesses did not work out so well for Marco Rubio in 2013. 
Our first new fact-check of the night. A Pants on Fire! for ChrisChristie talking about Bernie Sanders. 
Fact-checking claims about marijuana 
"Mark Zuckerbergs personal Senator, Marco Rubio .." from Trump's website 
Carly Fiorina has misstepped talking about the number of women in poverty in the past. 
Charlie Crist first attacked Marco Rubio's increasing salary way back in 2010. 
Rubio has run into criticism for using his Republcian Party of Florida Amex for personal expenses 
The Jeb Bush cutting taxes $19 billion claim has rated Half True in the past. 
We haven't heard Ben Carson's $34,000 per employee regulation figure before.  
This sounds like the Martin Shkreli question. Our fact-check: 
Fact-checking claims about Donald Trump's four bankruptcies. 
Phew. Thanks for the commercial.  
DId George W. Bush borrow from Social Security to pay for the war in Iraq? No. 
ButtsweatNTears Looked at this in July: 
Understanding Carly Fiorina's time at HP  
Jeb Bush has previously brought up poverty rates under Barack Obama  
Uunderstanding Marco Rubio's voting record in the Senate  
For the first time in 35 years, more businesses are closing than opening 
Checking out John Kasich's claim that he was an architect of balanced budget 
Here's the TaxPolicyCenter analysis of tax plans the candidates keep mentioning.  
Chris Christie said Bernie Sanders would raise taxes to 90. A similar claim was rated Pants on Fire 
Here's the poll Carly Fiorina likely was referring to her about Americans not trusting the federal government. 
If you hear something you'd like fact-checked, tweet at us with   
We're getting ready for the CNBC Republican debate. Follow along here 
A record you don't want. Missouri's Jay Nixon has had vetoes overriden than all Mo. governors combined. 
Our plans for fact-checking tonight's Republican CNBC debate: (Come follow along!) 
We'll be live-blogging tonight's CNBC debate starting at 8 p.m. Sign up for an email alert 
Sean Hannity responds to our fact-check about refugees coming to the U.S. 
Sean Hannity has responded to PunditFact's fact-check about the US accepting 250k Syrian amp; Iraqi refugees. We are reviewing his comments. 
Graphic asks why focus on Benghazi when other attacks weren't probed. But comparison flawed 
Dissecting Ben Carson's plan to reshape Medicare/Medicaid through health savings accounts: 
Sean Hannity falls for hoax website, says US is taking in 250,000 Syrian refugees 
TameTheGorilla It actually was a more complicated statement, so YLindaQiu wrote this story: 
Hannity says U.S. is taking in 250K refugees; Trump repeats it. Both are 
We fact-check Jeb Bush on how much the wealthy pay in taxes. via PolitiFactFL 
Ben Carson said the Nazis disarmed the German people. Nope. Just the people they hated. 
Jennifer Granholm says Marco Rubio opposes abortion rape and incest exception. Mostly True. 
Our round-up of the Sunday news shows focuses on a claim about Obamacare and Marco Rubio's stance on abortion. 
Though Rubio has voted for an exception in the past. 
Trump: Obamacare premiums are going up 35, 45, 55. He's cherrypicking in the marketplace. 
Hillary Clinton: Kerry is 1st sec of state to rely mainly on govt email acct. Mostly True 
Missouri gov candidate Chris Koster (D) is mostly right about the erosion of higher education funding in the state 
gt; PunditFact's guide to the Oct. 25 shows: RealBenCarson realDonaldTrump BernieSanders GovChristie marcorubio 
Internet graphic says suicide rate is much higher in Denmark than U.S. Mostly False 
Marco Rubio says Hillary Clinton called Syria's Bashar al-Assad a 'reformer.' Half True 
How has Speaker-in-waiting Paul Ryan fared on the Truth-O-Meter? We take a look here: 
Looking back: Hillary Clinton's 'What difference does it make' about Benghazi. 
Actor Jon Voight says "progressive" was created as substitute for communist. False. 
Looking good PunditFact! 
O'Malley: Hillary Clinton "couldn't bring herself" to support reinstating Glass-Steagall. 
HaroldHarcourt Sorry, that was a .gif version of the graphic. The needle landed in the middle. We'll be re-posting. 
wolfoftheair Sorry, that was a .gif version of the graphic. The needle landed in the middle. We'll be re-posting. 
EtTuCarl Sorry, that was a .gif version of the graphic. The needle landed in the middle. We'll be re-posting. 
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver uses wrong figure in statement about Ferguson, says PolitiFactMo 
Marco Rubio says EPA rule covers 'water barely bigger than a puddle.' Mostly False 
Jay Carney said Susan Rice didn't play down terrorist involvement in Benghazi. Mostly False. 
State Department cut security in Libya before deadly terror attacks. True. 
How security funding worked in places like Benghazi. 
From our archives: A look at past attacks on U.S. diplomats overseas. 
Hillary Clinton was asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi  including direct cables Mostly False. 
Thanks Major! 
In next chapter of Sanders-Clinton conspiracy theory, graphic targets CNN polling operation 
As part of Bush/Trump feud, realDonaldTrump says George W. Bush had "advanced notice" of 9/11 attacks. False 
Before Hillary Clinton testifies, a rundown of partisan differences on Benghazi, Clinton 
As Biden decides not to run for president, we look at his past record on the Truth-O-Meter 
Elton John is right: The South is the focus of HIV alarm. via PolitiFactGA 
So just how can Donald Trump host nbcsnl? What about "equal time"? 
It's  Day! Did you know that PolitiFact's rating for Mostly False was originally Barely True? 
Donald Trump says Bernie Sanders wants to tax 'you people' at 90. Pants on Fire! 
The Truth-O-Meter is coming to Arizona, Nevada, Colorado and Ohio 
randalserr EWScrippsCo Hah! Sorry, we're excited. 
PolitiFact now has affiliates in 14 key states ahead of the 2016 election. 
BREAKING: We're adding partners in Arizona, Nevada, Ohio and Colorado with EWScrippsCo 
Big news coming ... standby 
Trump: Bernie Sanders is going to "tax you people at 90 percent." 
Campaign finances more complicated than Claire McCaskill says, via PolitiFactMo 
Charlie Crist launched House bid today. Walk down memory lane w/ his fact-checks and flops 
Donald Trump says the U.S. has the 'highest tax rate anywhere in the world.' False 
Our latest PolitiFact Mailbag: Reader comments, complaints and compliments 
How the Democratic candidates for president stack up on the Truth-O-Meter. 
No, Internet, CNN did not delete its poll showing Bernie Sanders won the Democratic debate. 
Did George W. Bush 'borrow' from Social Security to fund the war in Iraq and tax cuts? 
For those who asked us about the Trump TV fact-check, we've updated our story: 
On FoxNewsSunday, Trump asks if US makes TVs any more. Not many, but not zero. 
On meetthepress Cruz said GOP leaders 'took the lead confirming' Lynch as AG. Mostly False 
Internet graphic says B. Sanders slammed antidepressants, but quote is actually Unabomber's 
Clinton: Gun industry is only business "wholly protected from any kind of liability." 
bensmp When she said something similar at the debate, we rated it Mostly False: 
TX politician: Bernie Sanders is a Democratic Socialist amp; so were Nazis. PolitiFactTexas 
Hillary Clinton: Gun industry is 'wholly protected' from all lawsuits 
At the  Clinton said her email practice was "allowed." We revisit an old story. 
Comparing the net worths, super PACs, and campaign fundraising totals of the 2016 candidates: 
FIXED LINK: 
Obama promised to end the war in Afghanistan in 2014, but US troops will stay post-2016: 
Jim Webb: 15 of 20 most polluted cities in world are in India, China. Mostly True 
Bernie Sanders is the only 2016 candidate who's not a billionaire, doesn't have a super PAC, and raised a lot of $: 
What Bernie Sanders actually said in  about not being a billionaire: 
Chafee said no scandals on his watch. Mostly True. via PolitiFactRI  
Clinton says Snowden could have been whistleblower. We said Mostly False.  
Hillary Clinton says her Keystone XL position isn't a flip-flop 
Sanders: "We are imprisoning ... young people who are smoking marijuana." Mostly False 
In  Bernie Sanders says every 'major country' has family paid leave except US 
savannahjball ggreenwald We're looking at the claim again, then we'll put it in our roundup 
Hillary Clinton's position on the Keystone XL pipeline: not a flip-flop  
Sanders: "Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth." 
We fact-checked ggreenwald on this. MT savannahjball: PolitiFact would Snowden be protected as a whistleblower? 
Our early  round-up includes 3 fresh fact-checks. More on the way. 
If you heard something tonight you're particularly interested in, tweet at us with  
Clinton goes after Sanders on guns in  says he voted against Brady Bill 5x. 
This would also be a great time for us to get coffee! The link is Please sign up! 
We'll be live fact-checking every debate, so long as they're debating. Keep checking for our latest fact-checks. 
Jim Webb said in August the U.S. has the highest incarceration rate in the world. That rated Mostly True. 
What Hillary Clinton really said about TPP and the 'gold standard'  
The U.S. does lag behind family leave laws in other major developed countries. 
Our 1st  check: Sanders says Afr-Am youth unemp 51, Hisp 36. Half True 
The big six banks had the equivalent of 60 percent of U.S. GDP as far back as 2011. 
Hillary Clinton takes a page out of BillClinton's playbook comparing economy under GOP and Democratic presidents 
Black Lives Matter activist says 'the Clintons' passed policy that led to mass incarceration. Half True. 
Four pressing questions about Hillary Clintons State Department email 
Hillary Clinton's emails: Did she follow all the rules? 
Just enough time to fill up our water bottle. We're back. 
PolitiFact's gudie to claims about Benghazi 
PunditFact's guide to viral graphics contrasting Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders 
In 2002, Clinton supported and voted for the Iraq War, but since about 2006 she has said she regrets that decision. 
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill. Mostly True. 
What does the term socialist mean? Sanders' explanation. 
On paid family leave, the U.S. is behind much of the developed world, as HillaryClinton just said. 
Bernie Sanders said African-American youth unemployment is 51. A similar claim rated Mostly True back in July 
We've been fact-checking Hillary Clinton since her 2007 run for president. Here's her lengthy PolitiFact scorecard 
Bernie Sanders is an independent senator from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats. We've fact-checked him 30 times 
Martin O'Malley is the former mayor of Baltimore and governor of Maryland. Here's his PolitiFact scorecard: 
Jim Webb is a former senator from Virginia who was Secretary of the Navy in the Ronald Reagan administration. 
Lincoln Chafee is a former Republican-turned-independent-turned Democrct. Here's his PolitiFact scorecard 
A good link to bookmark: Compare the Truth-O-Meter records of the five Democratic candidates  
Not well ... RT gregorybrothers: PolitiFact so how would you rate CNN's claim the debate was starting at 8? WE NEED TO KNOW! 
RT memeticoutlaw: PolitiFact massive flip-flop from their previous stance on winning, though. 
For those following  we expect it begin closer to 9 then the advertised 8:30. In the meantime, we can confirm the Cubs won. 
CNN keeps noting that Sanders describes himself as a socialist. Here's what Sanders says that means. 
Our live fact-checking blog fires up at 8:30 p.m. EST. Follow along at 
Hey news editors, we're syndicating our live fact-checking blog free via scribblelive. Grab it here 
Our live fact-checking blog for tonight's  starts at 8:30 p.m. Sign up here 
Ready for the first  We are. See the candidates' scorecards: 
If you don't trust the polls, read this. Poll skeptic SteveDeaceShow gets a Half True. 
Tomorrow's the first Dem debate. Here are the candidates' Truth-O-Meter scorecards: 
Clinton: 7 Benghazi probes complete so far, no wrongdoing found. Mostly True. 
Do moderate Republicans want to kick hardliners out of the party? 
DaveBratVA7th says RepCharlieDent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the GOP. 
DNC chair says US lost 750,000 jobs/month under GW Bush. Mostly True. DWStweets 
Did Planned Parenthood's CEO admit that "86 percent of Planned Parenthoods revenue is from abortion"? 
Meme claiming Hillary Clinton stole $200k in White House gifts falls short. 
Your guide to the Sunday talk shows. 
What's coming up on the Sunday shows? Talk about who the next speaker will be. 
Fact-checking claims about guns. 
RealBenCarson: Mahmoud Abbas, Ali Khamenei, Vladimir Putin met in 1968 Moscow 
Barack Obama: Deficit is now below its 40-year average 
Hillary Clinton's opposition of TPP is a Full-Flop. 
Mahmoud Abbas, Ali Khamenei and Vladimir Putin walk into a Soviet-era Moscow university 
The Truth-O-Meter has been hot lately. See our most recent Pants on Fire claims 
Obama: "States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths." 
"More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty." 
It would have been funny, but Trump's Make America Great Again hats weren't made in China. 
Speaker race dominates Sunday news shows. We'll be watching and checking. 
Ben Carson said Putin, Abbas and Khameini formed a sort of bad guys club in Moscow in '68. 
This is one of the more bizarre claims weve heard so far in the 2016 race, and it's Pants on Fire! 
wolfblitzer remember when Ben Carson said Abbas, Khameini and Putin palled around in Moscow in 1968. 
mitchellreports, remember when Ben Carson said Abbas, Khameini and Putin palled around in Moscow in 1968. 
Ben Carson: Mahmoud Abbas, Ali Khamenei, Vladimir Putin met in 1968 Moscow 
"380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone." PolitiFactFL 
Clinton's TPP position has changed since she was secretary of state. 
Less than 1 of noncompliant gun dealers get their licenses revoked. Here's why: 
Hillary Clinton flip-flops on the Trans-Pacific Partnership 
Dem leader: "380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone." 
Hillary Clinton: Less than 1 of noncompliant gun dealers lost their gun licenses in 2011. 
Hillary Clinton on the Trans-Pacific Partnership: Full Flop 
Kevin McCarthy drops out of House Speaker race. ICYMI: Here's what he said about Hillary Clinton and Benghazi. 
Our chief headwear correspondent tracked realDonaldTrump's hat back to a L.A. shop that also works for Ed Hardy. 
No, realDonaldTrump's "Make America Great Again" hats weren't made in China. 
Club for Growth: Trump supports eminent domain 
Hillary Clinton opposes TPP trade deal. In 2012, she said it "sets the gold standard in trade agreements." 
Read the comments "in context": What Kevin McCarthy said about Hillary Clinton and Benghazi 
Obama: "States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths." 
Obama says deficit is now below its 40-year average. Mostly True 
Obama: "States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths." 
Obama: "States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths." Mostly True. 
NickKristof: "More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers." 
Ben Carson: Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger "believed that people like me should be eliminated." False. 
Ben Carson: Margaret Sanger "believed that people like me should be eliminated." 
Conservative pundit says Planned Parenthood's CEO conceded 86 of revenue is from abortion. 
Carly Fiorina says Planned Parenthood gives 'millions' to candidates. Mostly True 
Do background checks work? Pundit says only 3 of guns used in crimes are purchased legally. 
Seen this comparison of terrorism deaths and gun deaths around? It's Mostly True. 
Why is the most recent figure on gun purchases without background checks about 20 yrs old? 
NotMattScott Mostly True! 
We're up with a first look at the Sunday news show line-ups. Oregon shootings and more. 
Fact-checking NRSC's "Pandering Panda" ad attack on Jason Kander via PolitiFactMo 
Clinton campaign: Benghazi probe is Congress' longest investigation ever 
Today, Clinton and Bush are a county away from each other in Florida. Some fact-checks: 
Today, Clinton amp; Bush are a county away from each other in Florida. Some fact-checks via PolitiFactFL: 
TheBriefing2016: Benghazi probe is Congress' longest investigation ever. 
This meme says HillaryClinton stole $200k in gifts from the White House. Mostly False. 
Chart shown at Planned Parenthood hearing is "intentionally misleading." Pants on Fire! 
PolitiFact's top five most-read articles in September. 
Is Bernie Sanders the only 2016 candidate without a super PAC? 
Ben Carson: Many released illegal immigrants are from Iraq, Somalia, Russia - not Mexico. 
Ben Carson overestimated  of migrants from Iraq, Somalia amp; Russia, compared to Latin Amer. 
Patience young Padawan. 
After 8 years and 11,000 fact-checks, we thought it was time to update our logo. Meet the new PolitiFact 
We made a super graph of 2016 super PACs: 
Bernie Sanders says he's virtually the only 2016 candidate without a super PAC. Mostly True. 
Viral comparison between Honduras and Switzerland on guns is all kinds of wrong. PunditFact 
You might have noticed our Truth-O-Meters look a bit different today. Well, they are. Tomorrow, even bigger changes are coming. Stay tuned! 
Donald Trump says the unemployment rate may be 42 percent. Pants on Fire. 
Chuck Todd: Bernie Sanders was "there" for same-sex marriage 20 years ago. It's True. 
Strong silent type. SenSanders support for same-sex marriage 20 years ago. 
Ben Carson's first 10 fact-checks 
John Kasich says when he left the U.S. House, 'we had a $5 trillion surplus.' Mostly False 
Mostly False for GovJayNixon on claim about making I-70 a toll road. via PolitiFactMo 
Sanders says fed govt, not McDonald's or Walmart, is biggest low-wage employer. Mostly False 
JonWVBFL Good suggestion. Thanks! 
On ThisWeekABC, Ben Carson said programs that reduced illegal immigration in Yuma were abolished. Mostly False. 
On FoxNewsSunday, Jeb Bush said GW Bush tax cuts created 'high growth.' Mostly False. 
PunditFact checked whether StephenAtHome had it right about Reagan's tax cut "reversal" in interview w/ tedcruz. 
Ben Carson: Do any Muslim countries have women's rights, gay rights or religious freedom? 
Rep.John Boehner will resign from Congress by the end of October. His Truth-O-Meter record: 
More from our newest state! 
Ted Cruz says slow econ growth under Jimmy Carter, Barack Obama stands apart. Mostly False 
Correcting link: The Obama-is-a-Muslim myth: Is there a Hillary Clinton connection? 
The Obama-is-a-Muslim myth: Is there a Hillary Clinton connection? 
John Boehner's Truth-O-Meter record. He'll resign from Congress in about a month. 
John Boehner will resign from Congress. His record on the Truth-O-Meter: 
PolitiFactMo's first fact-check: Jay Nixon says Missouri is No. 1 holding back tuition increases. Mostly True. 
Big news! The Truth-O-Meter has arrived in Missouri 
Turing CEO says drug that went from $13.50 to $750 is still underpriced relative to peers. 
realDonaldTrump says HillaryClinton was 'all in!' in starting birther movement. False. 
Martin O'Malley says climate change helped contribute to the rise of ISIS. Mostly True: 
Did Pope Francis' namesake St. Francis reach out to Muslims?  
Hillary Clinton: Recessions happen 4x as frequently under Republicans as under Democrats. 
Medieval quiz: matthewjdowd said St. Francis reached out to Muslims. Did he? Read and judge for yourself. 
Hillary Clinton: "Under Republicans, recessions happen 4 times as frequently as under Democrats." Mostly True. 
Fiorina: Trump was "forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times." 
We checked a graphic critical of Bernie Sanders amp; found a mixed record in accuracy 
The fact-checker's farewell to Scott Walker's 2016 campaign 
Donald Trump gets a Mostly True for his attack on Carly Fiorina's record at HP. 
A new viral image is trying to contrast Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. 
A viral image says SenSanders doesn't support compulsory K-12, but the evidence is shoddy amp; out of date. False. 
The most-clicked Scott Walker items from PolitiFactWisc 
Donald Trump businesses have had to file bankruptcy four times. A fact-check: 
Farewell to Scott Walker, who's dropping out of the race. Here's his Truth-O-Meter scorecard. 
Scott Walker is dropping out of the race. Our latest fact-checks of the Wisconsin governor: 
Bernie Sanders: Top 0.1 have almost as much wealth as bottom 90 PolitiFactVA 
How many times have Donald Trump businesses had to file bankruptcy? 
Donald Trump: When Fiorina says HP's 'revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq.' 
PolitiFact will be at  looking for additional state partners for the 2016 election. 
ATTN: News editors. PolitiFact is looking for additional state partners for the 2016 election. 
Pundits took to the Sunday shows to analyze the Wednesday night debate and what it meant for the GOP field. 
KarlRove expect a GOP rollercoaster, based on 2012 and 7 lead swaps. We said Mostly True. 
Marco Rubio says CNN debate had no question on debt and little about the economy. Mostly True. 
Heard something we should factcheck from the Sunday shows? Tweet us with  
Fiorina on FoxNewsSunday said factcheckers haven't watched PP video - wrong. Here's our report w/ link to video 
luvPens58 We factchecked whether Muslim immigrants can come to the US but Christians can't, that's False. 
Rally attendee to Trump: Obama is Muslim, not American. Still wrong in 2015. 
The false claim that Obama is Muslim who was born in Kenya lives on, despite repeated debunking. 
Rand Paul: 1898 birthright citizenship case doesn't directly address undoc immigr. MostlyTrue 
Rally attendee to Trump: Obama is Muslim, not American. 
Rubio said Obama called potential attack on Syria a 'pinprick'. False. via PolitiFactFL 
We've annotated parts of the  transcript with Genius: 
Did the Ft. Hood shooter get to keep his beard on religious grounds? Not as GovMikeHuckabee said. 
Ben Carson: Doctors realize need to cut down on number, proximity of vaccines.  
Carly Fiorina's claim about the Planned Parenthood video at the  
Asa789 We do link to the video: (Warning: Contains extremely gruesome footage.) 
Carly Fiorina's claim about the Planned Parenthood video at the  
Donald Trump: Rubio has "the worst voting record there is today." Mostly True. 
Donald Trump, wrongly, says Mexico doesn't have birthright citizenship. It's very similar to U.S. practice. 
CarlyFiorina said pot is stronger today than decades ago. We said True. 
An early round-up of fact-checks from the second GOP presidential debate. 
joel_luther ananavarro CNN So, far, one Mostly True 
What do you want fact-checked from  Send in suggestions with  Email truthometer (at) politifact (dot) com 
Ted Cruz: Most GOP candidates 'publicly embraced amnesty' Mostly True. 
This fact-check goes into Ben Carson's early years and how he was raised by a single mom in Detroit. 
Huckabee wants to talk about cures for diabetes, cancer. His infomercials endorsed cures that aren't scientific. 
Megyn Kelly, co-host of the last  has said measles vaccine safety is settled science True. 
Fact-checking vaccines and measles. 
Back in April, Rubio said "with certainty" cap and trade would devastate the economy. False. 
Mike Huckabee said U.S. is giving Iran the equivalent of $5 trillion. Half True.  
Climate change is a hot (sorry) -button topic. Check out all of our fact-checks on it here. 
A bipartisan talking point: US has the highest incarceration rate in the world. (Mostly True) 
Jeb said of Trump, "When he asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no." Trump replied: "Wrong." Jeb's right: 
Check out our marijuana fact-checks here:  
We've got 30 more minutes to go, everybody. One last link to our liveblog with more context: 
Jeb Bush vs. Trump on casino gambling. Jeb was right: 
Christie tweaks a Mostly False claim that Bush "appointed" him US attorney on Sept. 10, 2001. Tonight says "named" 
Jeb Bush said in August that rise of ISIS in Iraq was due to Obama, Clinton. Bushs claims left out key points. 
Rubio brings up ISIS' recruitment. Here's our look at CNN claim that ISIS lures women w/ kittens, Nutella amp; Emoji. 
As second hour of  ends, candidates bring up Hillary Clinton's emails. Were they classified or not? 
Scott Walkers record on our Truth-O-Meter. 
Throwing it back to 2008 when Huckabee said a Fair Tax will be like a "magic wand." We said magic wands don't exist. 
Jeb Bushs claims on our Truth-O-Meter (+1 Pants on Fire since the Fox debate). 
John Kasich says he took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole to a $2 billion surplus. Thats Mostly True. 
John Kasich took credit for helping balance the federal budget during the Clinton era. Read why he should  
Trump did say no one had discussed immigration until he brought it up. False 
The backstory on the Yale professor that Trump just invoked and who has criticized Carly Fiorina. 
Carly Fiorina says the size of HP doubled under her leadership. PolitiFact rated her claim Mostly True in May. 
With so much focus on illegal immigration, some in GOP want to remind voters of successful legal immigration stories 
Where else is birthright citizenship? US is joined by Mexico and nearly every Central amp; South American country. 
Past fact-check on Ted Cruz about whether most GOP candidates except him have supported amnesty: Mostly True 
Our 1st check tonight is on Trump's dig at Walker for turning $1 billion surplus into $2.2B shortfall Mostly False 
More on Marco Rubio's parents' journey from Cuba to Florida PolitiFactFL 
Anyone, anyone surprised were talking about immigration? To learn (a lot) more on it, consult our archive. 
Heres our tally of claims made by Ben Carson. 
Trumps illegal immigration claims have fared poorly on our Truth-O-Meter. Pants on Fires amp; 
All of our fact-checks about Planned Parenthood: 
Jeb earned a Pants on Fire recently for claiming Planned Parenthood is not actually doing womens health issues. 
This fact-check from our archives looks at Chris Christie's vetoes of Planned Parenthood in New Jersey: 
Our 8 things to know about Planned Parenthood 
Heres our tally of claims by Ohio Gov. John Kasich. 
Back in May, Huckabee claimed Supreme Court "cant overrule the other 2" branches of gov't. We rated it Mostly False 
Here is how Mike Huckabees claims have tallied up on our Truth-O-Meter. 
Can Canadian-born Ted Cruz become president? Probably but we dont know for sure.  
Heres how Rand Pauls claims rated on our Truth-O-Meter. 
This fact-check explores some of the issues in translating $ Iran gets from the deal into trillions of U.S. dollars: 
What Obama said about the Islamic State as a "JV" team  
Follow  on our liveblog: 
Ted Cruzs record on our Truth-O-Meter. 
Confused by the rhetoric about the Iran deal? Heres 6 important things to know.  
This fact-check looks at whether Putin called the USSR breakup the greatest geopolitical tragedy of 20th century. 
Heres how Marco Rubio tallied up on our Truth-O-Meter. 
Jeb Bush jumped on Trump for contributing to Democrats. Our recent fact-check digs into Trumps donation history: 
Jeb Bush has talked up his record of cutting taxes by $19 billion. PolitiFactFL's fact-check walks you through it. 
Chris Christies claims on our Truth-O-Meter  
Trump launched a similar attack against Scott Walker about a deficit of $2.2 billion in July. It rated Mostly False. 
Jeb Bush vs. Donald Trump: The fact-checker's guide to their jabs  
The nights newcomer, Carly Fiorina, has been fact-checked 9 times. 
The Truth-O-Meter records of all 2016 GOP candidates, in one place: 
Donald Trumps claims on our Truth-O-Meter: 
PunditFacts scorecards for Jake Tapper Dana Bash Hugh Hewitt 
plus BillAdairDuke AmySherman1 amy_hollyfield PolitiFactWisc! 
Follow tonight's team: AngieHolan asharock loujacobson jpgillin KatieLSanders JonZGreenberg LaurenFCarroll YLindaQiu 
See PunditFacts scorecard for claims we've rated on CNN, sponsor of tonight's  
If you hear something in the debate that you want us to fact-check, tweet PolitiFact with the  
ElTejanoVive thanks, we're working on it. 
Our live blog is up and running, follow along 
marvymuse AmySherman1 PolitiFact is owned by the Tampa Bay Times TB_Times), which is HQ'd in St. Pete. 
ariel_williams9 lindsaygrahamsc 
Heard something from early debate that needs a factcheck? Tweet us with  or email ruthometerpolitifact.com  
Graham said we're on track to have the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915. Half True.  
Debate moderator hughhewitt says history shows that fall sports sap public interest in the election. Half True. 
Lindsey Graham amp; the Truth-O-Meter True 17 Mostly True 17 Half True 33 Mostly False 17 False 17 Pants on Fire 0 
Santorum on the Truth-O-Meter True 10 Mostly True 12 Half True 22 Mostly False 21 False 26 Pants on Fire 9 
Yes, we'll be fact-checking the  tonight! Please RT. Sign up for liveblog: 
We're drinking coffee and getting ready! Sign up now for our  live blog at 
We are ready for tonight's  Sign up now for our live blog at 
You can now sign up for tonight's live blog of the Simi Valley CNN debate! 
Reagan may be a conservative icon, but people don't always get their facts right about him. 
Donald Trump blames Jeb Bush for the recession in Florida. Mostly False. via PolitiFactFL 
Ted Cruz responds to our factcheck of his exaggerated claim on Iran. False rating still stands. See 'After the Fact' 
The Reagan library will host tomorrow's GOP debate. Here are 13 fact-checks about the Gipper. 
Do Donald Trump's numbers show he's the highest with Hispanics than any Republican ever? In a word: No. PunditFact 
alexlmiller thanks! 
alexlmiller Hey Alex, we PolitiFact are interested in working on work on a partnership with StackOverflow. Who can we reach out to? 
You can now sign up for tomorrow's live blog of the Simi Valley CNN debate. 
A comparison between clerk Kim Davis and a lesbian Texas judge neglects crucial facts about their jobs. PunditFact 
See how claims this morning from Donald Trump and Scott Walker fared on the Truth-O-Meter: 
Did Hillary Clinton send or receive classified information? We don't know for sure yet. 
Sign up for our weekly email amp; get the truth in U.S. politics from PolitiFact editor AngieHolan. 
Was HillaryClinton the "decider" of security classification? TheJuanWilliams said yes. We said Half True. 
The presidential candidates are out in full force on the Sunday news shows. See who's where with our handy preview. 
Those who say Clinton negligently handled classified information are jumping the gun. Not enough evidence yet. 
Hillary Clinton's emails: classified or not? 
Test your knowledge of the Roman Empire. Read our review of recent immigration claims. No joke. 
Ted Cruz says deal will 'facilitate and accelerate' Iran getting a nuclear bomb. False 
As Trump rises in the polls, more wonder if it will last. matthewjdowd said history favors Trump. Half True. 
Hillary Clinton: Scott Walker rejected bill to make college loan payments tax deductible. 
Do the 8-hr day and 40-hr week come from Henry Ford, or labor unions? Mostly unions, we say 
Sign up for our weekly email amp; get the truth in U.S. politics from PolitiFact editor AngieHolan. 
Watching  Here are 6 things to know about Iran deal: 
Jeb Bush said he cut spending more than any other GOP 2016er. Half True. 
The 159-page  hinges on nuclear physics, but understanding it shouldn't be rocket science: 
jorgeramosnews said 40 of undoc'd fly in and overstay visa. 40 part is OK. Flying part is ... a flyer. 
Trump: Iran deal forces US to defend Iran if it's attacked by Israel PolitiFactVA 
Ted Cruz: It's always been that babies born to US citizens abroad are citizens at birth. Mostly True PolitiFactTexas 
Fact-checking the Dick Cheney-John Kerry faceoff on 'Morning Joe' 
Hillary Clinton: 23m suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment. Mostly True 
There's only one rating for a meme that claims Denali is a "Kenyan word for 'black power.' " 
Was Jesus an "undocumented immigrant"? The historical context of the Roman Empire is key. 
Since announcing, we've fact-checked realDonaldTrump 28 times. 68 of checks rate False or Pants on Fire 
The 93 million people out of work stat from realDonaldTrump is wrong. 
Dick Cheney says enrichment "limited to basically the weapons states" under the NPT. False. 
Kerry says "there's no sunset" in Iran deal. Deal doesn't expire, but parts do. Half True 
Jeb: "Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history." PolitiFactFL 
Fact-checking claims on climate change 
Jeb: "Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history." True! 
Jeb: "Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history." 
Santorum: UN climate 'head' debunked 97 scientific concensus on man-made climate change. 
PunditFact's guide to viral graphics contrasting Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders 
Credo Action responds to our fact-check of their claim about Obama, coal mining and the  
Scott Walker: Everyone in poverty in WI covered by  even though he refused Obamacare money. PolitiFactWisc 
Climate activists: 10 billion ton coal proposal emissions would would outweigh  Mostly False. 
Debating billmaher, Rick Santorum cites flawed statistic on climate change, and misquotes it. 
Activist video: Obama's words and actions on climate don't match 
Santorum: 57 of climate scientists dont agree that 95 of climate change is caused by CO2. 
Did 3 Democratic senators take 'bribes from Iran' to back nuclear deal? No, Pants on Fire 
Fox host ericbolling says countries with stricter gun laws have more gun violence. That claim is False. PunditFact 
Did POTUS propose 10 billion tons of new coal mining in Wyoming?  
More than 120 times, hourilo 
77 days, 28 fact-checks, 19 False or Pants on Fire claims. Trump on the Truth-O-Meter. 
A fact-checking on Jeb Bush's email from PolitiFactFL 
Trump says US has 93m people 'out of work,' but that's way too high. False. 
Fact-checking Bernie Sanders and Bobby Jindal on the Sunday shows. 
Bobby Jindal said on ThisWeekABC he's the only GOP candidate to cut the size of government. Half True. 
Bernie Sanders said Sunday that Saudi Arabia has the 3rd largest military budget in the world. True. 
Here's your Sunday television line-up. 
The full Sunday news show line up is in place.We'll be watching and checking. 
Donald Trump says U.S. is 'most highly taxed nation in the world.' False. 
You asked us to check Schilling's gehrig38 Muslim/Nazi tweet and we did. The call is low and outside. 
Curious? See the early edition of who's on the Sunday news shows. 
NickKristof writes that more in US killed by guns since '68 than in all US wars. True 
Pres. Obama marks the 10th anniversary of Katrina today. We looked at his campaign promises with TheLensNOLA: 
10 fact-checks about immigration in the presidential race via PolitiFactFL 
Hillary Clinton: No GOP candidate has talked about controlling college costs. False. 
Jeb Bush says Planned Parenthood is "not actually doing womens health issues." 
Jeb Bush: "The federal government right now does not deport criminals." via PolitiFactFL 
Scoring the news, one year later via PunditFact 
And yes, we've fact-checked a dog before. 
Yes, pit bulls are among the most aggressive dogs. via PolitiFactGA 
Fact-check throwback: No, Obama doesn't have a $102K dog-trainer on retainer:  
Hillary Clinton: No GOP candidate has talked about controlling college costs 
Jeb Bush: Planned Parenthood is "not actually doing womens health issues." 
Jindal: Scott Walker's Obamacare replacement is a 'new entitlement' for every American. Half True. PolitiFactWisc 
BHakim19 Thanks for the tip! Here's a related claim: 
Is "socialist" an accurate way to describe Bernie Sanders? We dig in: 
Trump: "Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered" by 14th Amendment. 
Trump: 'Many' scholars say 'anchor babies' aren't covered by Constitution 
saysme1941 We've looked into this! 
No, Bobby Jindal is not an "anchor baby" whose parents "used his birthright citizenship to become Americans." 
jaybird396 TopOfMyHead PolitiFactWisc Whoops! 
Trump: "Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered" by 14th Amendment. Half True. 
"Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms." Half True. PolitiFactGA 
To celebrate our 8th birthday, here are 8 of our most popular fact-checks. 
Julian Castro: "Less than 1/2 of the poorest American households" have internet PolitiFactTexas 
"Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms." PolitiFactGA 
Julian Castro: "Less than 1/2 of the poorest American households" have internet 
Texas official: US and Texas both rank low for voter turnout via PolitiFactTexas 
Trump's campaign manager: There are 400,000 'anchor babies' born every year. 
secupp: Only 30 other countries offer birthright citizenship, making U.S. 'an anomaly.' 
Ben Carson: 56 of US-Mexico border is 'not under our control.' Half True. 
Group claims "zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms." Half True 
Hillary Clinton: Emails wouldn't be public if I hadn't asked for it 
Sometimes the funny pages get serious. Why we fact-check political cartoons. 
Fact-check Friday with PolitiFactGA w/video 
Hillary Clinton: Emails wouldn't be public if I hadn't asked for it 
Hillary Clinton says emails wouldn't be public if she hand't asked for it. 
Marco Rubio says the Army just cut 40,000 spots. Mostly True. via PolitiFactFL 
Hillary Clinton: "If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public," they wouldnt be "in the public arena." 
Seen this Michele Bachmann meme around? It's satire passed off as fact. Pants on Fire! 
Katrina 10 yrs later, Obama's promises for New Orleans: 1 Broken, 3 Compromise, 4 Kept. With TheLensNOLA 
Katrina 10 yrs later, Compromise for BarackObama on restoring housing 
Has the U.S. really spent more on Afghanistan than on post-WWII Europe? Claim is Mostly True, via PunditFact. 
We partner w/ TheLensNOLA to track BarackObama's campaign promises on Hurricane Katrina at the 10 yr anniversary. 
Four questions about Hillary Clinton's emails and whether they were classified: 
Katrina 10 yrs later, Compromise for BarackObama on strengthening levees: 
Katrina 10 yrs later, Promise Kept for BarackObama on rebuilding hospitals: 
Katrina 10 yrs later, Promise Kept for BarackObama on rebuilding schools: 
This week, we're tracking BarackObama campaign promises on Hurricane Katrina, in partnership w/ TheLensNOLA. 
Bill Clinton: No proof that ending Glass-Steagall contributed to financial crisis. 
Mailbag: Readers sound off on our latest fact-checks 
Howard Dean tells WillieGeist lots of officials used email like Hillary Clinton. Mostly False 
Trump: Illegal immigrants get $4.2 billion in tax credits. Half True. 
In Texas, lightning strikes more common than in-person voter fraud, says Cory Booker. True. 
Women got the right to vote 95 years ago today. From Hoover to Obama, here's how they've voted: via PunditFact 
Pie chart: '57 of federal spending goes to the military and just 1 goes food stamps.' False. 
Seen this pie chart of 'federal spending' floating around? It's pretty misleading. 
Tom Tancredo references shaky data for murder convictions of "criminal aliens" in FL, CA, NY, AZ amp; Texas PunditFact 
Donald Trump dropped his immigration policy paper yesterday. Read our past fact-checks on the topic: 
Fact-checking presidential candidates on the Sunday shows 
Ben Carson: The number of Americans 'who believe in socialism ... is increasing.' Half True. 
Trump: Iran gets to keep $150 billion even if US rejects nuclear deal 
Jeb Bush, Hillary Clinton and college affordability: a Twitter battle 
On Twitter, Jeb Bush says student loan debt has doubled under Obama. Half True. 
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Florida failed on college affordability under Jeb Bush. Half True 
See who's up on the Sunday news shows. We'll be watching and checking. 
80 years ago,  was born. We've fact-checked more than 120 related claims. 
JebBush edited his own emails: Mostly True. via PolitiFactFL 
Jeb Bush selectively recounts details of Iraq and ISIS via PolitiFactFL 
Jeb Bush: Student loan debt has doubled under Obama. Half True. 
Half True for Hillary Clinton's Twitter claim about Jeb Bush amp; college affordability 
Marco Rubio said talks with  produced no commitment to democratic reforms. Mostly True. 
Check out our latest fact-checks on  on the program's 80th birthday. 
Marco Rubio: parental consent needed for tattoos but not abortion. via PolitiFactFL 
JustJoshinYu 
Mike Huckabee: Social Security imperiled by dramatic decline in wage-earners 
There's a bit more context to Bernie Sanders' 1988 "honeymoon" to the Soviet Union than GeorgeWill lets on. 
20 fact-checks from the Republican debate in Cleveland 
Mike Huckabee says Social Security imperiled by dramatic decline in wage-earners 
Rubio: Over 40 of small amp; mid-sized banks have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank passed. 
7 fact-checks on race, police, and  
Did Hillary Clinton emails reveal location of ambassador killed in Benghazi attack? Not really. 
Fox analyst: Clinton emails reveal location of ambassador killed in Benghazi attack via PunditFact 
Did Hillary Clinton emails reveal location of ambassador killed in Benghazi attack? An exaggerated claim. 
zachprague This check isn't a perfect match, but it talks about Clinton's speaking fees: 
zachprague tuition fees: 
Who went to more fundraisers: Obama in 2012 or Reagan in 1984? via PolitiFactNH 
Fact-checking Donald Trump's claim that 'every poll said I won the debate.' We say Half True 
Hillary Clinton says black kids are 500 more likely to die of asthma. True. 
ScottWalker, here's the link: via PolitiFactWisc 
On meetthepress, Trump said 'he didn't say' those things about women. False. 
Rafael Cruz, father of Ted Cruz, says 'everybody prayed,' read Bible at schools prior to 1962 That's an exaggeration. 
Carly Fiorina says emergency room visits are up 50 under Obamacare. Mostly False 
Christie: I was 'appointed' US attorney the day before 9/11 attacks via PolitiFactN 
On meetthepress, Trump says 'he didn't say' the things about women that megynkelly claimed. But that's False. 
Fact-checks about Ferguson, one year later via PolitiFactFL 
Hear something that needs a factcheck? Tweet us with  
Christie says he was 'appointed' US attorney the day before 9/11 attacks via PolitiFactN 
Demos_Org President: The GOP nominee hasn't won women since 1988. True. 
John Kasich: I'm "one of the chief architects" of balancing the budget. Mostly True. 
PunditFact fact-checks the Sunday shows. 
Ted Cruz: most GOP candidates 'have supported amnesty' 
Ted Cruz: most GOP candidates 'have supported amnesty' 
Hillary Clinton ad on Scott Walkers Planned Parenthood defunding. via PolitiFactWisc 
FreedomNewsGang Thanks for catching the typo. Fixed. 
Rand Paul: John Adams says 4th Amendment was 'spark' for American Revolution. Mostly True 
Jeb Bush at  said as Fla gov he defunded Planned Parenthood. True. 
Rubio on abortion in cases of rape or incest: "I have never said that or advocated that." Mostly False.  
PolitiFactGA is live-tweeting the RedState Gathering. You should follow them!  
17 candidates, 2 debates, 7 fresh fact-checks of the GOP field. 
17 candidates, 2 debates, 1 Donald Trump -- plenty to fact-check  
Rubio: Clinton in government longer than any GOP candidate  
Huckabee says Obamacare "robbed" Medicare of $700B. An old claim that's still misleading: 
We take some air (a lot actually) out of Trump's claim that without him, immigration wouldn't be on the table. 
John Kasich: 'I took the state of Ohio from an $8 bn hole  to a $2 bn surplus.' Mostly True 
11 reasons why we'll miss Jon Stewart on TheDailyShow No. 11. He gave as well as he got. 
11 reasons why we'll miss Jon Stewart on TheDailyShow No. 6. He apologized to us in the most epic of ways. 
Relive the debate with our live-blog coverage: Thanks for following! 
11 reasons why we'll miss Jon Stewart on TheDailyShow No. 3: He learned he cant even trust the History Channel. 
Here are the fact checks we have done about 
Rubio said in his book American Dreams that people on welfare lose more in benefits than they would earn in... 
For those switching to Comedy Central, here's our sendoff for Jon Stewart as host of the TheDailyShow  
Earlier, Rubio said America is the most generous country when it comes to legal immigration. Mostly True. 
Are Dems responsible for swift, mindless cuts to the military? Bush claimed this in July; we rated it Mostly False 
Paul said the U.S. borrows $1 million a minute. Thats a little high, but we rated it Mostly True. 
Anatomy of a talking point: the smallest Navy since 1917  
Our fact-checks on Israel  
New fact-check: marcorubio says America is 'most generous' country when it comes to legal immigration Mostly True 
Did Russia and China say they would ignore sanctions on Iran if the U.S. walked away" from the deal? Mostly True 
Thank you for all the great  suggestions! We're reading them all. (And keep 'em coming) 
Check out our roundup of fact-checks about same-sex marriage. 
Our liveblog is going, going, going. Join us for the 4th quarter: 
A Democratic pundit said Christie vetoed Planned Parenthood $$ 5 times. We called that Mostly True. PunditFact 
A womens rights group made five points about Jeb Bush's record. 
In 2012, Rubio said those identifying themselves as 'pro-life' are at highest levels ever. Mostly True. 
Emilys List previously accused Jeb Bush of holding $1 million 'hostage' for abstinence-only education. We rated... 
Our fact-checks on abortion  
Catch up on the Planned Parenthood controversy with our PolitiFact Sheet 
Our 1st fact-check from  Pants on Fire for realDonaldTrump's claim that Mexico sends "the bad ones over." 
Walker says most of the 10 richest counties are around Washington, D.C. Yep, we've fact-checked it. Yep, it's True. 
Weve done a lot of fact-checks about Social Security. Like, a lot a lot.  
Wisconsin lagged behind in job and wage growth under Scott Walker, said chucktodd. True. 
The Keystone pipeline + our fact-checks = 
Check out our deficit-related fact checks. 
No one on stage has approved of Hillary Clintons past email habits. Curious about the controversy? gt;gt; 
Hillary Clinton's scorecard True 32 Mostly True 20 Half True 20 Mostly False 17 False 10 Pants on Fire 2 
Welcome to the third quarter of our debate coverage! Follow the liveblog here: 
Does the United States spend more per student than most countries? Yes it does. 
Can the prez and veep be from the same state? Rubio, Bush may be interested in the answer. 
A FL Democrat said FL's graduation rate was dead last when Bush left office and remains near bottom. Mostly True. 
Fact-checking claims about Common Core school standards. 
It's Carsons 1st-ever debate. Some background on his personal history. 
Yep, the Clintons attended Trumps wedding in 2005. Front row seats, too.  
Donald Trump called for a single-payer, Canadian-style health care system 15 years ago... 
Some light reading: All of our fact-checks on health care.  
We explored several aspects of Ben Carson's early years and public assistance 
Did George Bush succeed at wiping out al-Qaida in Iraq? Their power was certainly diminished, but not completely gone 
Has Ted Cruz passed just 1 bill in the Senate? That claim is Mostly True. Cruz has his name on a number of bills... 
Jeb Bush, Hillary Clinton and authorizing the war in Iraq 
We have looked into many claims about ISIS or terrorism. Find them here. 
McConnell vs. Paul on the Patriot Act and telephone records: What the government accesses  
Heres a look at our fact-checking for the NSA phone records program.  
Did Scott Walker flip-flop on a immigration and a pathway to citizenship? We gave him a Half Flip on our Flip-O-Meter 
In May, Sen. Marco Rubio said the United States accepts 1 million people a year, legally. We rated that... 
Does Mexico force many "bad people" into our country? We've said: Pants on Fire!  
First half-hour of  is over. Hear anything we should fact-check? Send us your ideas with  
Jeb Bush and majority of Republican voters actually agree on immigration, George Will said. Mostly True.  
Does the Mexican government force people across the border? Pants on Fire!  
All of our fact-checks on  Happy reading.  
Kasich touts Ohios economic improvements under his watch. Fellow fact-checkers in Ohio looked into his $8B claim. 
Kasich has argued expanding Medicaid would help uninsured who use emergency rooms for primary care.  
Walker has said if women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, odds are pretty high they will keep the baby.... 
John Kasich scorecard True 29 Mostly True 22 Half True 18 Mostly False 14 False 12 Pants on Fire 6 
Rand Paul on the Truth-O-Meter True 24 Mostly True 20 Half True 22 Mostly False 10 False 20 Pants on Fire 5 
A Wisconsin Democrat said Walker is more restrictive on abortion than Ronald Reagan. Thats True.  
Bret Baier said New Jersey has experienced 9 credit downgrades under Christie. Mostly True.  
Mike Huckabees scorecard True 21 Mostly True 9 Half True 21 Mostly False 26 False 12 Pants on Fire 12 
Scott Walker on the Truth-O-Meter True 11 Mostly True 22 Half True 19 Mostly False 16 False 26 Pants on Fire 7 
Donald Trump's campaign contributions to Democrats and Republicans via PunditFact 
Trump had some trouble explaining economic indicators earlier this year.  
Chris Christie on the Truth-O-Meter True 22 Mostly True 20 Half True 27 Mostly False 9 False 15 Pants on Fire 8 
Can Canadian-born Ted Cruz even run for president? Here is our story on it.  
Ted Cruz scorecard True 2 Mostly True 14 Half True 14 Mostly False 30 False 32 Pants on Fire 8 
Bush said 1.3 million jobs were created in FL during his tenure -- more than TX. Sorry, Rick Perry: It's Mostly True. 
Marco Rubios PolitiFact record True 17 Mostly True 24 Half True 21 Mostly False 22 False 15 Pants on Fire 2 
Ben Carson has met our Truth-O-Meter 3 times so far. Mostly False 1 False 2 
You can find how we've rated realDonaldTrump's recent claims here: 
Jeb Bushs Truth-O-Meter record True 23 Mostly True 28 Half True 17 Mostly False 26 False 4 Pants on Fire 2 
Donald Trumps PolitiFact scorecard True 0 Mostly True 6 Half True 9 Mostly False 13 False 50 Pants on Fire 22 
Rachel Maddow raised questions about Fox's 'changed' poll criteria this week. PunditFact looked into it.  
Follow along with our live blog tonight if you're not already: 
PunditFact's scorecards for megynkelly Chris Wallace and BretBaier 
Rounding out our staff for the night! annabruzgulis wacabaniss chrbelanger, plus PolitiFactTexas PolitiFactWisc PolitiFactFL (3/3) 
More PolitiFact staffers to follow for  jonzgreenberg LaurenFcarroll YLindaQiu JPGillin amysherman1 (2/3) 
Follow PolitiFact staffers covering  angieholan asharock amy_hollyfield loujacobson katielsanders (1/3) 
Don't forget the 2 easiest ways you can tip us off to a fact-check from   or ruthometerpolitifact.com. 
We are here and counting down until 9 p.m. Tweet us with  with requests for fact-checks!  
Did Fox change its polling criteria for  from May? Maddow's attack rates Half True. PunditFact 
A rundown of the first Fox News GOP presdential debate. 
Carly Fiorina on the Truth-O-Meter True 0 Mostly True 14 Half True 29 Mostly False 14 False 29 Pants on Fire 14 
We looked into the $150B that's part of the Iran deal in this fact-check:  
Later tonight we will be live fact-checking the  Sign up for an email alert amp; tune in on our homepage! 
Rick Santorum on the Truth-O-Meter True 11 Mostly True 13 Half True 23 Mostly False 21 False 23 Pants on Fire 9 
Lindsey Graham scorecard True 17 Mostly True 17 Half True 33 Mostly False 17 False 17 Pants on Fire 0 
The 5 pm ET first round of candidates for the  starts soon. Tweet if you here anything that needs a fact-check.  
Join us as we live fact-check the  tonight. Sign up for an email alert amp; tune in on our homepage! 
Tonight, the team will be live fact-checking the  Sign up for an email alert amp; tune in on our homepage! 
Tonight, we're live fact-checking the  Sign up for an email alert amp; tune in on our homepage! 
Why we fact-checked Jon Stewart and The Daily Show, and 11 reasons were sad to see him go via PunditFact 
RT WEWS: Exciting news - we've partnered /PolitiFact to fact-check the GOP debate in  
 fact-check: Are there 11 felonies you can commit w/ an oyster in Texas? via PolitiFactTexas 
Sign up for our live fact-check of the GOP debate 
Apologies for the nonsensical (deleted) tweets. We're testing some new tools. 
We summarize 8 things to know about the Planned Parenthood controversy 
Hillary Clinton says Jeb Bush funneled millions into abstinence programs. See a past claim by EMILY's List 
Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health. PolitiFactGA 
Did Hillary Clinton change position on lifting the Cuba embargo? 
Rush Limbaugh: Austin is effectively banning BBQ restaurants PolitiFactTexas 
AdamRuechel BarackObama Pants on Fire! 
Hillary Clinton: Stock market has done better under Democratic presidents. Mostly True 
Is that smoke from Austin's last BBQ joint, or is it a Pants on Fire? PolitiFactTexas 
CDC: Kissing amp; cuddling chickens linked to salmonella infections PolitiFactGA 
Hillary Clinton flip-flopped on the Cuba embargo, PolitiFactFL found. 
Allen West: Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter to face charges 
Untangling the faulty claim that abortions make up 95 of Planned Parenthood's "pregnancy services." PunditFact 
The facts behind thedailyshow's 50 Fox News lies 
Jon Stewart says goodbye to The Daily Show this week. He's been fun for fact-checkers. 
We track the anatomy of a talking point: the smallest Navy since 1917? 
Did George W. Bush 'borrow' from Social Security to fund the war in Iraq and income tax cuts? 
PunditFact rates JungleJackHanna's claim about the decline of wild lions over his lifetime Mostly True.  
President Obama pitches his climate change plan today. Brush up on the facts: 
Joe Biden is toying with a 2016 run. His Truth-O-Meter record: 
Rick Perry: Trump, like Bernie Sanders, is "for single-payer health care." 
HockeyGoalieEh Thanks for pointing it out. Try this one: 
jimferguson Thanks for pointing it out. Try this one: 
theschief Thanks for pointing it out. Try this one: 
NEW LINK: 
Trump: Income levels amp; unemployment worse under Obama than ever for African Americans. False. 
Ted Cruz: States whose marriage laws weren't challenged before SCOTUS aren't bound by ruling. PolitiFactTexas 
aron_duby Here you go 
Ted Cruz: States whose marriage laws weren't challenged before SCOTUS aren't bound by ruling. 
Cory Booker: 1 prison built every 10 days to house nonviolent inmate surge. Mostly True 
Harry Reid is way off on claim that 30 of women rely only on Planned Parenthood for care 
An anti-Hillary Clinton meme circulating on social media isn't very accurate, we find. 
Meme says Hillary Clinton 'refuses' to testify on Benghazi attack. False. 
Scott Walker says his political opponents brought 100,000 protesters into our state. False. PolitiFactWiscs 
Scott Walker says his political opponents brought 100,000 protesters into our state. 
Former NYPD detective on  traffic stop: 'The law says' do whatever an officer says False  PunditFact 
Is Obama banning Social Security recipients from owning guns? No, that's False 
Before  hunter Kendall Jones said hunting is crucial to conservation. False. 
And it's  50th birthday, too! All of our Medicaid-related fact-checks 
It's  50th birthday! All of our Medicare-related fact-checks: 
CJHerod We looked at the edited video in context: 
Heard something that needs a fact-check? Tweet at us with  You can also email us at ruthometerpolitifact.com 
Four pressing questions about Hillary Clintons State Department email 
This claim is Mostly True! 
Sanders: Top 1/10th of 1 of Americans own almost as much wealth as bottom 90 
More than half of California drivers' licenses went to undocumented immigrants, group says. PunditFact: Mostly True. 
Did Hillary Clintons private email account put national security information at risk? 
Sanders: Top 1/10th of 1 of Americans own almost as much wealth as bottom 90. Mostly True 
The majority of the Hispanic population is U.S.-born, says jdbalart. True. 
Previewing NatUrbanLeague conference, 6 fact-checks related to African-American issues via PolitiFactFL 
Does a government office spend taxpayer money to print and sell reports that are already free online? PolitiFactGA 
Obama to Jon Stewart: "The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office." 
Trump: Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin budget went from projected surplus to a deficit 
Does a government office spend taxpayer money to print and sell government reports that are already free online? 
Sorting out the facts in the final TheDailyShow interview between POTUS and Jon Stewart. 
More than half of California drivers' licenses went to undocumented immigrants -- NumbersUSA. 
Obama on Daily Show: Economy 'by every metric is better' than when he started. Mostly False 
Obama says veteran homelessness has been cut by a third. Mostly True. 
McAuliffe: All Maryland crabs are born in Virginia. Mostly True! 
Scott Walker says incomes are up in Wisconsin, while they are down nationally via PolitiFactWisc 
iamjohnoliver is right: The federal gov't doesn't require food to carry an expiration date. 
Rick Perry: 74 drop in border apprehensions shows Texas surge worked via PolitFactTexas 
Surf amp; Turf War: Most Maryland crabs are born in Virginia PolitiFactVA 
Scott Walker: Under his leadership, incomes are up in Wisconsin, while they are down nationally PolitiFactWisc 
Perry: 74 drop in border apprehensions shows Texas surge worked 
RandPaul: The State Dept. under Hillary Clinton "admonished" an ambassador for improper email usage. True. 
Ad edits photo to make it look like Obama is shaking hands with  president. They've never met! 
Rubio:  means US has to defend Iran from Israel amp; other US allies. PolitiFactFL 
Did Obama meet with  president, as TV ad says? via PolitiFactWisc 
The complete rundown of the Sunday news shows is up. Look for our fact-checks after the dust settles. 
First look at the Sunday news show line-up. See candidates other than Trump. 
Rubio:  means US has to defend Iran from Israel and other US allies. 
Trump: Guantanamo prisoners swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are 'back on the battlefield.' False. 
A look at an old Bernie Sanders talking point on middle-class stagnation. We find some flaws 
After seeing ultrasound, women abortion-seeking likely to keep baby, says Scott Walker. 
Donald Trump: Guantanamo prisoners swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are 'back on the battlefield' 
Are illegal immigrants bringing tremendous disease cross-border, as Trump says? Unlikely 
Does the  deal break an 'anytime, anywhere' inspection promise from the White House? 
Charlie Crist is weighing a House run. A look back at his Truth-O-Meter amp; Flip-O-Meter record 
Deficit could buy every American 40 gals of NH maple syrup, says NH senator. More like 26. 
Factcheckers worldwide, including PolitiFact and PunditFact, are meeting now in London. See  
Tom Cotton: When Iran talks began, Obama aimed to 'dismantle' their nuclear program. False. 
Limbaugh: Sen. Al Franken 'said almost exactly' what Trump said about McCain. Franken, a SNL alum, was joking. 
How much does the  Bank cost taxpayers? 
Could the country's deficit buy a lifetime supply of maple syrup for every American citizen? 
Half-truths in the White House half-staff flag controversy in the wake of Chattanooga 
Jeb: law passed under Bill Clinton banned guns at military recruiting offices.  
Seen this meme around? Comparison to Whitney Houston is not new or accurate. via PunditFact 
Walker: If abortion-seeking women see an ultrasound, they will likely keep their baby 
Does the deficit = 40 gal. of maple syrup for every American? Of course a New Hampshire senator said so. Half True 
Was Obama's goal at beginning of negotiations to 'dismantle Iran's nuclear program'? False 
Does Greece employ three times as many gov't workers as Florida? PolitiFactFL says Half True 
Jeb Bush: law passed under Bill Clinton banned guns at military recruiting offices. Mostly False. PolitiFactFL 
Checking Limbaugh: Did Al Franken say 'almost exactly' what Trump said of McCain? Half True 
Was Donald Trump a "draft dodger"? 
Did Scott Walker's state budget get rid of the weekend for workers? via PolitFactWisc 
Fact-checking John Kasich: 
Gov  record on the Truth-O-meter: 
Donald Trump: John McCain "has done nothing to help vets." False. 
Is Bill Clinton the reason guns are banned at military recruiting center? No, Mostly False 
In South Carolina today, Trump repeated the claim that cost $5 billion. Not quite. 
In South Carolina, Trump again said 15,000 people came to his Phoenix rally. More like 4,000. 
Wisc AFL-CIO: Scott Walker budget means 'no weekend for workers' 
Weird but True: Bill amp; Hillary Clinton attended Trump wedding 
Gov  on the Truth-O-Meter: 
How has Ohio Gov. John Kasich, announcing for president today, fared on the Truth-O-Meter? 
Fact-checking GOP Rep. David Jolly, Florida's latest U.S. Senate candidate, by PolitiFactFL 
Cuba re-opens its embassy in Washington after 54 yrs. Get the facts from PolitiFactFL: 
Trump cries foul: 'Four times, I said (John McCain) is a war hero.' Mostly False. 
Did the Iran deal 'violate promises the president made' about 'anytime, anywhere' inspection? 
More  If you're from Syria and a Christian, you can't come to US as a refugee. False 
Claims of "anytime, anywhere" inspections were an outlier in Iran talks. But they were there. 
realDonaldTrump takes his "hero" attack out of context in claiming they were taken out of context 
Thanks to BenAndrews21 for supporting our kickstarter and for supporting independent journalism! 
Walker said he'd require a drug test for unemployment benefits amp; food stamps seekers. Promise Kept. PolitiFactWisc 
Chain email: Muslims tried to open Sharia court in Irving, Texas via PolitiFactTexas 
Jim Carrey's tweet criticizing the CA vaccine law gets a False. 
Seen the recent anti- video? Here's some context: 
Jim Carrey's anti-vaccine tweet doesn't hold up. 
Just updated the Sunday news show preview with ThisWeekABC focus on Iran deal. 
No, no one tried to open a sharia court in Irving, Texas. via PolitiFactTexas 
The Sunday news show line up takes shape. Iran deal leads. Our preview is up. Watch for updates. 
PolitiFactWisc has updated several Scott Walker promises on the Walk-O-Meter 
