text 
London calling  
Why is it still cold?? Urgggg!! 
Thank you. This is beautiful    
Happy Birthday prabalgurung You are truly an inspiration! Keep shining lt;3 Lotsa love  
Love the gajara  
I think I just died  I'm literally waiting and counting days now prabalgurung 
prabalgurung Thank you. Means a lot. Don't you think it'd be so amazing if I could wear you some day    
This literally just made my day :) Thank you prabalgurung  
Holi yesterday :) 
Lucky - Nattu Shah and me :) 
Going live on Image fm 97.9 right now :) 
Going live on Radio City - 98.8 Right now :) 
DahalTbd Thank you lt;3 
New release from How Funny lt;3 
     
Seen the trailer yet?  
 
Thank you Karishma di :) 
pdlbindu sushilpdl ActorReecha jharana_thapa     .. 
Destination next - Himal momo, Gwarko; Star Food Land, Gwarko and Gwarko Food House     
This is beautiful :) All these different varieties of momos made especially for me  Thank you CocaCola 
Coca cola Momo Mahotsav starts today :) First stop Patna Museum Cafe at 1. Styled by sayalxshrestha  
How sweet :) You are a beautiful dancer :* 
FANKO premiere last night :) Fanko in theaters from tomorrow     
Performing my debut single, 'Swatantra' live for the first time on Namaste TV Show My gown by tenzintsetenbhu 
asishsyangden  
This just made my day. Literally :) Thank you soooo much prabalgurung  
prabalgurung Awwww... Thank you soo much. This means a lot lt;3 Like a lot lot lot :) 
prasantb007 really?? what do you do for a living?? 
RajBallav Thank you :) 
kablukablu its on youtube now :) 
Presenting my debut single SWATANTRA :) I have tried to do something different.. Something driven out of passion.. 
lexlimbu Thank.you Lexy :) 
amitbastola Tomorrow 
My first look teaser for Swatantra :) I hope I get your love and blessings :)     
shrivastawa23 Awwww  
fuchhikt143  
My new year's gift to all of you :)        
Pesenting to you the first look of my first single 'SWATANTRA' Releasing 01.01.16 Hope I get your blessings :) 
Next release lt;3 Fanko Jan 15, 2016   
Last night :) Thank you Tokyo for all the love :) Looking forward to OSAKA tomorrow :)    
shrivastawa23 Awwww  
DahalTbd A nice take on it :) 
They call it DANCE.. I call it LIFE  
Omg! Shocked to hear abt Paris! What is going on? Praying for Paris!! 
It was such an amazing experience collaborating with Nstar83 Here is the link 
                :) 
Australia, Here I come :)    
Dashain event tonight. 5 pm onwards, Woodland Hotel, Bhadrapur :) Styled by sayalxshrestha See you  
marleyvaai khaklyaksoltee  
khaklyaksoltee  
ghimireprashant Exactly 
         ''     :)         
Totally enjoying the last bit of summer  Weeeeeeeeee      
Awwww ZMLawson This is beautiful. I love it. Thank you lt;3 
kablukablu laah :( channel search garyo bjane aaucha hola :) 
Namaste TV Show Repeat telecast at 10 30 pm on NTV Plus :) That basically means right now! It was sooo much fun :) 
Namaste TV show was sooo much fun today. If you missed it, repeat telecast at 10 30 pm tonight only on NTV Plus :) 
sudijollyiksha nepali666 I know.. k ho k types!! 
assuasmi77 Hopefully :) 
RajanRocks_ True that! 
assuasmi77 Its like saying 'class ma last aaunu bhanda second last aako better'            
assuasmi77 I am very much knowledgable about what's happenin where! Yes, I agree this probably is the best thing that can happen as far' 
sudijollyiksha You reallly think better things are coming?  
nepali666 awww thank you  
        !   !!  !  ! 
The new PM is about to be declared! I have no excitement, hope, love or respect for either of the candidates!!  
lexlimbu Yup :) 
merogorkhe mingmasherpa Thank you :) 
   
lexlimbu Thank you Lexysexy. You should have mentioned that I am coming to UK for the show though :) 
_BethsBae_ Thank you :) 
Bicharikonati   ??   ! 
SanamAryan93 Thank you :) 
ekalyatri77 AnBhattarai green card holder nai ho hajur ma. dhanna tapai haru ko jasto soch rakhdina ma. Thank god for that!!  
      ,    ''        ,    ''     
Thank you NEFTA Awards :) Best Actor Female (Popular Choice Award)    
!                         
My country! My pride! My constitution! We decide... NOT YOU!!  
sandhya_mgs2 Thank you :) 
Kanchhapradeep Thank you  
sandhya_mgs2 Thank you :) 
                ,            
Thank you for alll the love :) Bumper opening  Woda No.6 
Tomorrow it is lt;3 lt;3 lt;3    :)  . :) 
It was an honor to be congratulated by our Honorable Prime Minister Mr. Sushil Koirala :)  
ZMLawson Thank you lt;3 
Thank you NFDC National Film Awards :) Best Actor Female for Suntali :) 
      !!  .    :) 
Happiness :) 
vnod_ghimire Thank you :) 
KhatryKhagendra Thank you :) 
silwanen Thank you. Will work harder on pronounciations in the future :) 
LovesonDarnal Awww thank you :) 
bivek79 Definitely :) 
ilovedance_mk  
KrissBhattarai Thank you dai 
KhatryKhagendra Awww  Thank you  
chamlingamrit Thank you 
sudijollyiksha  
Kanchhapradeep neilyu Thank you :) 
Hi_p_po Thank you  
Fashbeautybug Thank you soo much :) 
kashishds lexlimbu Thannk you sooo much :) 
proLAD Thank you 
KtmTown Awwww  Thank you very much :) 
AagyaaN Thank you :) 
kablukablu Thank you. Means a lot to me :) 
merocinemacom Thank you sooo much :) 
raunakniroula Thank you :) 
bhakunne        :) Thank you for the words of encouragement :) 
The video is finally out on youtube :) Im nervous! This is my first step :) Hope you enjoy it 
lexlimbu Awwww Thank you Lexy  
nirmalghimire0   :) 
Stiwari093 lendaai Lol ;) 
taauke tyo katha hoina.. tapai ko assumption sanga 1 pani mildaina 
lendaai Yes :) 
    .      :) 
Today :) Super Duper Excited :)    sayalxshrestha neilyu Kanchhapradeep Tsuraj111 
Dezas002Khatri Thank you :) 
DhakalMady thepamans Thank you :) 
Kanchhapradeep thecinematimes Herdai jau ;) 
kumarclub Thank you :) 
mandirarayee PahiloPost Thank you :) 
Basnetsir    ,                  ? 
Thank you PahiloPost :) 
niraj_1974          
baabajee          art share               
niraj_1974 ,               
niraj_1974 Yes it is sensitive but it awares.. awares of what might happen if we don't stop this!! This sketch makes you stop and think... 
niraj_1974 This is art made by a concerned Nepali citizen who doesn't want Nepal to be shattered into pieces. Its a way of expression.. 
bhakunne    
   ,           ,  ... 
 ''     '  '   ,        ,      
Shah_vpks AjitBaral Yes I did :) 
merocinemacom Thank you :) 
Yesterday :) Unveiling the English version of Subin Bhattarai's bestseller 'Summer Love'. Styled by sayalxshrestha 
Officially unveiled the english version of Subin Bhattarai's bestseller 'Summer Love' today :) Beautifully written :) 
Fashbeautybug Thank you  
At 4 pm, at Byanjan, I will unveil the English version of Subin Bhattarai's bestselling Summer Love. See you Pokhara! 
This blessed life  
Fashbeautybug Thank you :* 
My uber cool, super chic sunglasses ;) I looove it. Thank you Lipsy, Bhat Bhateni :) 
umesh_shawn23  
anupkrk awwww thank you  
subexyabhadel  
smiles_pratima Thank you 
outlandissh smiles_pratima Thank you 
poonamphuyal Thank you 
United States Of Nepal (  ) ?? 
ali2050_ali Thank you :) 
thesanzay Thank you  
freakieesillu Love right back at you.. And kisses too  
freakieesillu Didnt know it offended you so much. No offence. I just meant Malvika di always looks beautiful. Lets start fresh. Shall we :D 
freakieesillu Im sure you'll get all the attention now ;) 
shitgrxce awww such a cute question. Its Berry by Mac 
I will always and forever stand by my beliefs, opinions and values. I will always speak my mind and speak for women 
lexlimbu I wanted show him that with proper upbringing, education and respect towards your profession you have class, which he lacks! 
lexlimbu Haha.. strangled him multiple times maybe ;) 
TrishnaRana1 RishiDhamala Oh trust me it was!! 
lexlimbu It was really hard though.. Multiple times I wanted to just scream!! 
MahimaKharel Thank you. it was very difficult to not strangle him though 
subedi_hema yes I did. very very much 
AnishKing77 awwww  
           ,   Tonight, 8 pm, Himalayan TV   
You are not just a friend. You are much, much more :) I will forever cherish what we have. Happy Friendship Day  
This is going to be      
Love doing what I do :) Shooting today :)   
khaklyaksoltee Anupam091  
Anupam091 Huss :) 
Anupam091 Dherai choti garya chu!! 
This jodi ;) Together onscreen again :) Tsuraj111 
shrivastawa23 awwww now you made me blush :* 
   
Updates changed!! 4.6 epicenter   
 Thats what the quake must be sayin...   !!!   
        
Happy Birthday ParakramRana You need to absolutely just stay the same. Keep rocking!! Keep shining!! Love you :) 
Twit_Ayush here you go.. Kisses to you :) 
Being_msdians awwwww :* 
AngelPrati14 awww :) we will be back with part 4 this chaitra 27 :) 
My favourite man :) Suraj Singh Thakuri :) Tsuraj111 
Liberation  
Still in Chitwan!! Still shooting!! I loooove this  Hair and MUA: sakilkunwar    
AngelPrati14 Thank you.. Kisses to you  
nissanpokhrel No I have not :) 
Being_msdians Heyyyyy :) 
Moods  
lexlimbu I know... I ta have a video of our crazy dance tooooo.. lol.. those days! !! 
lexlimbu hahaha what a song to think abt and relate with me.. lol :P 
dilip_tamang1 I am an actor!! Respect the profession! 
Sneak peak :P Shooting in Chitwan!! More details later :)     
Keep smiling!! It's the best thing you can wear :) 
Very true! 
shrivastawa23 Awww how cute are you :) 
Be BOLD! Do what the ordinary fear       
26 Million people changed their profile pics to support the decision made by the US Government..   
At a program organised by USEmbassyNepal to discuss and spread awareness about LGBTI issues. malvikasubba 
DahalTbd :) 
shrivastawa23 awww  
A take on my life.. my views.. my opinions :) 
YakshDodia :* 
  
Awwww this makes my heart happy!! Congratulations America   
Awww!!! This is beautiful!!  
Love just won! Congratulations America :)      
RubyRose tho!!! 
nabeen_s57 hahaha :P 
Happy Birthday Mumma  
No more bullshit! The world is better in  and  
DahalTbd Hahaha.. I guess I should've ;) 
Never ever seen rains like this!! Wrong time to be here I guess! Stay safe everyone!!  
I have a Hyundai Tucson, not a mercedes!!  
iShzz Thats a mistake in the news!! its a Hyundai Tucson!! 
Dogs are family!!!!   
Kanchhapradeep Thank you  
GundrukPost nirajanme Thank you  
subexyabhadel Awww Thank you booo  
TrishnaRana1 GundrukPost Thanks Trish  
GundrukPost I think artists all over the world appear on news when they buy their FIRST car!! 
 
Counting my blessings    
Be FEARLESS and WATCH the world UNFOLD to your EVERY desire      
iPnku nishchaldhakal Lots of love to you  
    VS     :)   live     :) 
In love with my life, and the people in it. :)      
Prayers with Japan! 7.8  
lexlimbu MissChicTweets Definitely :P Soooooooonnnn!!! 
lexlimbu Last night was epic :) Madness!!! 
ShresthaRonisha Looove, hugs and kisses to you  
Catch the repeat telecast of Namaste TV show at 10 30 pm on NTV Plus :) Gossips and laughter with SVajracharya :* 
Co-hosting Namaste TV Show tonight 5 pm to 6 30 pm with dearest SVajracharya :) Catch us live :) 
This blessed life     
 She loved life and it loved her right back     
sayalxshrestha  
A woman realises she has lost her only son! Indian media asks, ' How do you feel?'  
  Thamel is NOT Mini India!!  
Thamel is NOT 'Mini India'  
India's official response has been brilliant. It is the Indian media that has ticked off the people of Nepal.  
'Winning the TRP war is a petty triumph when what you lose is basic decency in the bargain.' -Shobhaa De  
Lets work more and talk less please!!!  
Collecting funds, donations, food, medicines, clothes.. and bringing it back to Nepal.   ,   
Smiles  
Sipradi Annual Dealers Meet :) Wearing subexyabhadel ashritabhadel    Soaltee Crowne 
ZMLawson Nice profile pic ;) 
Flying to Doha, Qatar for Nepali 
subexyabhadel sayalxshrestha tagged the wrong one :( 
Last night at the Sydney Premiere of      :) HOUSEFULL! Wearing subexyabhadel Styling SayalShrestha22 
subexyabhadel Awwwwwww maya :* Thank you 
See you soon Australia  
Hey  !! Good Morning!! Lets meet today, shall we??    
 
Catch me live from 5-6 on TV Filmy :) Lets connect!!   NOW SHOWING!! 
Of premieres :) Sadanda :) Wearing: subexyabhadel Hair and MUA : Sophie Styling: SayalShrestha22 
Mrophiophagus Well I guess thats a compliment ;) Thank you :) 
BhaskarDhungana Couldnt have agreed more!! Arrrrgggg!! 
Loove you Malvika di :) 
nawaraj_10 Chaitra 27 
Keep smiling and one day life will get tired of upsetting you! 
Catch me live, TV Filmy, 5-6 pm :) Basically, RIGHT NOW Talking about Mala :) 
Reward_Xtha  
The initiative :)    
Reward_Xtha There you go :* Lots of love  
No one deserves this life.      
Thank you soooo much! 20,000 instahearts I feel unstoppable! P.S, if we haven't connected, find me as priyanka.karki 
 to Violence amp; Abuse Against Women     
Last night at the premier of Mala :) Wearing subexyabhadel Styled by SayalShrestha22 
Feel beautiful!    
Our upcoming Special Issue:  to  and      
subexyabhadel Awwww baby :* I love you 
Not generalising! Only for the ones who have done it, think about doing it or think its OK to do it. RAPE is NEVER OK 
Thank you for this beautiful outfit Swornim Rai :) You gave me my own little fairy tale and I truly felt special  
in tears now... literally :D   
rekhafilms I love you didi :) 
     TV Filmy  ' '             :) 
Thank you  "Personality of the year (Female)" 
Thank you  Personality of the year (Female) 
Honored with 'Personality of the year (Female)' for  Im honored. This means a lot to me. Thank you  
shrawanmi Hey you  
I dance with my heart, the feet just follows My moment last night :) iamsrk  
Rajendra078 iShzz GlamourNepal Ive uploaded a small video on my facebook page 
Recording my first single from my album today :) 'Swatantra chu ma' Need your blessings  
notoncewright No I couldn't :( Since I was performing my bag and phone was backstage.vAnd it was all so rushed! We exchanged hellos though! 
asishsyangden aaamoina you.. Big chuppa to you  
Some images from last night :)  iamsrk GlamourNepal 
r_zit Thank you  
To all the tweethearts questioning the choice of songs for  event last night!! 
anupkrk 
freakieesillu the program layout, song mixes all came from INDIA. I had no say. I am a passinate dancer. And dance has no language.. 
 Performing to  iamsrk 
  Performing to  iamsrk 
TrishnaRana1 iamsrk ParajuliAsmita awwwwww :( 
brainy_fool Havent performed yet :) Mine's the closing act :) Ill try to rock it. Thank you love  
ghimire_prabeeg  
gyanodraj iamsrk Awww thank you :) Im performing. So Im getting ready backstage :) 
All set :) Backstage :) iamsrk 
lexlimbu iamsrk Awww thank you :) Shall try my best :) 
Sharukh Khan has landed :) Getting ready for the show!!! Excited  iamsrk   
Getting ready for tomorrow :) Dry run!!!   
Jaw_Knock This is a still shot from a song! Havent done anything to it! 
"I am grateful to be a woman. I must have done something great in another life" 
A woman should be two things. "WHAT" and "WHO" she wants to be! Happy International Women's day  Photo: Sanjog Rai 
prathit4 ;) True 
Sharukh Khan in Nepal  
Zhigrana premier :) 
ZippLawson  
ZippLawson Someone who misses you :( 
ZippLawson Knock knock :P 
CastingChhabra Hey!!!!! Long time :) 
Rekha di  rekhafilms 
Madness     
My fabulous Holi  
Happy Holi :) rekhafilms KekiAdhikari 
limbuniran Thank you :) 
Thank you for blessing my life in the millon little ways you do. I love you baby girl. Happy 4th birthday Snowie lt;3 
dksubedi7 awwww thank you :) 
Shooting today with my favorite man :) Tsuraj111 :* 
lt;3 
prathit4 Awwwww lt;3 
Thank you guys for truly making me feel like a SUPERSTAR :) Last night was epic! 
peacefairyash bringitonguyz Yes true that :) Thank you for the love and well wishes :) 
lexlimbu lt;3 
SayalShrestha22 awwww thank you baby boo :* 
FilmyPradip Thank you :) dherai maya timilai lt;3 
Pamper day!!! Hair treatment, hair clor, laughter, gossips, catching up and all that jazz :) KekiAdhikari 
At the press meet of my next release 'SADANGA' Wearing: subexyabhadel Styled by: SayalShrestha22 
usha_un loove :* 
Beautifiul    
Caption this!!! 
MALAYSIA :) 
inglorious69 Followed :) 
 !! My  ! My performance at the Ncell concert  Wearing Swornim Rai :* 
thepamans Thank you :* 
r_zit Thank you :) 
inglorious69 awwww Thank you :) 
Do not forget to grab tomorrow's special 12 page edition of The Kathmandu Post mnsNepal :) 
Ncell Malaysia Day 2 :)  :* Wearing subexyabhadel designs :) 
lexlimbu awww thank you :) Yes Malaysia is fabulous :* see you sooon 
Priyanka Karki for NCELL ;)   
NCELL Malaysia Day 1  :) Great show! Wearing subexyabhadel Looooove her designs :)    
Water baby :* 
Just launched Schmitten and Hoppits luxury chocolates :) My gown by subexyabhadel Styled by SayalShrestha22 
Beautiful reviews:) Thank you :)  
Happy Valentine's day  lt;3 
 :) 
asishsyangden BhaskarDhungana hahaha.. funny you.. please go watch the movie hush :) 
 and her director BhaskarDhungana :) Now showing!!!! 
NawadipS awww thank you lt;3 
Lets watch Suntali together? Shall we? Im watching the 3 30pm show at Jai Nepal and the 6 30pm show at QFX Kumari. Will I see you?  
kantipuronline  ""  ""    
lexlimbu :* 
This look lt;3 Wearing: Sanjay Rai Hair and MUA: Sophie Sunuwar Styling: SayalShrestha22  premier :) 
Show timimgs!!  Now Showing!!! 
lexlimbu Awwwwlt;3 chuuuuuu :* 
Premier pictures!!!  and  :) Stay tuned for more!!! 
This look lt;3 Dress: Swornim Rai Hair and MUA: Suman Lama Styling: SayalShrestha22   
apilbista Thank you :) 
        :)  lt;3 
  Call Kantipur            !  :) 
prathit4 awww love to you lt;3 
2 more days!!!  
     :)  lt;3 
 lt;3 This Friday :) 
   TV Filmy                     :) ! 
bhubez We are bringing it to Australia soon :) 
 wants to share her journey with you. She wants you to know her village amp; all the gossips! So let's catch up this Friday. Shall we? 
Nitishah45 awwww Thank you love lt;3 
 In theaters Feb 13,   :) 
SigdelSital awwww lt;3 
yamthapa31 hmmm... can't pick one.. I love them both :* 
ECS Friday   :) Grab your copies soon!!  releasing Feb 13/   :) 
Bubbly :-) 
      
    :* 
officialgauravk lt;3 
They call it dance, I call it LIFE    
Catching up lt;3 Laughter lt;3 Crazyness lt;3 Gossip lt;3 Love lt;3 NamrataaS :* 
Catch me on air right now. Kantipur FM 96.1 :)  :* 
Wassup tweethearts??    
 at Nepali Tara Season 3 Watch now at Nepal TV :) 
A woman who walks in PURPOSE doesn't have to chase PEOPLE or OPPORTUNITIES. Her LIGHT causes them to PURSUE her! 
Shooting! Today, a bride :) A new life everyday :)    
Dipasubba love right back at you princess :* 
Dipasubba awwww thank you love :) 
Acting is my passion, my first love. Its something I put my heart and soul into!     
asishsyangden hamI kosailai na bhani, sutukka mask lagayera jaula :P 
asishsyangden awwww Thank you. Feb 13 is the date :) See you in the theaters :* 
Different moods   :* 
 in Nepali Tara Season 3. This Saturday 8 40 Nepal TV, Monday 8 pm Image Channel and Wednesday 9pm Nepal 1 :) 
Ahhhhh this lighting :)     
FilmyPradip neilyu hahaha 
The cycle of life :)  ,  !    
An attempt to cover "All of me" by John Legend :) I hope you guys enjoy lt;3   
_chelseaholic Its me :) 
Kenya208/9 (50.0 ov) Nepal162/5 (33.5 ov) Nepal require another 47 runs with 5 wickets and 16.1 overs remaining!! 
nissanpokhrel Awwwww you :* Kisses  
84 runs! 3 wickets! 15 overs!!!! Nepal require another 125 runs with 7 wickets and 35.0 overs remaining!!   
Nepal44/3 (6.4 ov) 3 wickets down!     :( Nepal require another 165 runs with 7 wickets and 43.2 overs remaining!   ? 
                 Nepal require 194 runs with 10 wkts and 48.3 ovs! Lets go!! 
lendaai Tyo ta ho 
 game     :(   
The deciding match for third position!! Nepal VS Kenya!!! Kenya66/2 (18.0 ov) Nepal won the toss and elected to field Lets do this!!!! 
Lazy  
In SHOCK and in TEARS! Nepal was playing so well. It was so beautiful.. The dream just crashed!! The loss with UGANDA cost us DIVISION ONE! 
Nepal194 (49.5 ov) Kenya139/4 (27.0 ov) Kenya require another 56 runs with 6 wickets and 23.0 overs remaining! Praying!!  
      :) 
20 more runs and Gyanendra Malla makes a century!!  
asishsyangden 163/8 48 overs!! 
    ,                    163/8 48 ov 
                  Uganda79 / Netherlands80/3 Nepal 143/6 
125 runs! 5 wickets! 39 overs! Gyanendra Malla makes 50 :) Goooooo Nepal!!  
Nepal110/5 (35.3 ov) Sharad out :(  
Bipendraa roshankhadka3      :) 
96 runs! 4 wickets! 32 overs     
87/4 30 overs!!  
FilmyPradip hahaha :P 
                  ,      ! 
           !         
Prayers with the team! We can do this!    
74/4 26 overs!!!     
  out!! 68/4 24 overs!!! Gyanendra and Sharad!! 
 partnership                
bhubez looks like!! 
20 overs, 60 runs, 3 wickets! 
Nepal27/3 (10.0 overs) Go Nepal!!! 
asishsyangden lol :P 
asishsyangden noooooo fake id :) 
   ,       ?     ? ,      ! 
Yaaaaaaay!!!!!!! NEPAL WINS!!! Nepal146/7 (37.5 ov) Thank you TEAM NEPAL!! Fantastic game!!! 
           ??    ,        
Nepal       
Ok guys, Prinki_Karki is not me. Its a fake twitter account. Do not follow or interact thinking that's me.. Thank you. 
FilmyPradip haha.. fake.. that's not me! 
Period!!        
npPoet Mr Nepali poet, its my twitter account. I have always, and shall always post whatever I feel like posting. I hope you understand. 
 lt;3 lt;3 lt;3  / Feb 13 :) prachshrestha aarpanthapa karma2karma 
Soooooooon!!!  :* Feb 13 :) 
asishsyangden yes I am fabulous.. you?? 
asishsyangden hahaha :) Thank you :* 
You create  with your  ,  and  !! Its all up to you :)   
The age of innocence  Goodnight  lt;3  
sugyansubedi Thank you lt;3 
     :)       
kulaxchuwan lexlimbu lt;3 
Uganda: 146 (49.5 overs) beat, Nepal: 144 all out (50 overs) by 2 runs :( Good luck for the remaining matches :) We are with you Team Nepal! 
sabinmahat68 Love right back at you :) 
KramasDada101 Many lined up :)        :) 
There is no greater joy in the world than to share with your best friend!! Share the same feeling, and create the same dream subexyabhadel 
Looooove this little one lt;3 
Breakfast!!! subexyabhadel :) Love this girl!! 
Awwww precious subexyabhadel !! Posing with  lt;3 In theaters Feb 13 :) 
subexyabhadel ammuiii chinene.. my mutu :) 
Not saying 'GOODBYE', I never will. See you soon my love! subexyabhadel I need you. Remember that!  
New song "PANI BANI" coming soon! Stay tuned with Suntali :)   prachshrestha BhaskarDhungana 
And its a perfect life!        
Thats all we ask!     
Bandh won't stop us :)      
I love her the moooooost in the world! My baby :) Snowie :)    
SayalShrestha22 sakilkunwar lt;3 
And when the rays kiss my lips, its magical :) 
December ECS Living :) Styled by SayalShrestha22 Hair amp;MUA: sakilkunwar Wearing: Lipsy Photo: Brij Photography 
The best relationship ever! Mother-Daughter!!!     
Now that's what I'm talking about!      
Make a wish! Goodnight :) 
Too bad we havent met yet! Had we, life would have been different altogether :P Anyways, Happy birthday Hrithik :) 
Such an honor working with our respected Nir Shah sir. We created beautiful memories    
3 releases!                   Good luck :) 
The black swan :) make up by sakilkunwar   
Lets connect on facebook too :) 
deepu069 awwww thank you 
This beautiful life :) 
Look around. Find happiness. Find beauty. Find love. Life is beautiful and it gives you a million reasons to smile :) 
When ABCFpll ends, I will cry. My life will not have a purpose after that :(    
rashikakhadka0 Yes I did :) 
samriddhirai13 aww Sammy thank you love :) Work demands!! I deliver :) loove you samriddhirai13 
OMG I need to know who A is!! if not  then who?   
Get ready bitches!! The liars are back!! Cant wait!!!  season premiere tonight!!    
Shoot still :)    
And Im off to bed now :) Goodnight    
"The burn of missing you comes from the same flame as the passion of loving you"    
 ,      :)    
Lets insta-connect! Find me as priyanka.karki 
ZippLawson hahahaha.. 
ZippLawson Whats up ;) 
Paint the sky! Make it yours!!! 
 KekiAdhikari 
ghimire_prabeeg KekiAdhikari awwww.. thank you :) 
Love this one to the moon and back! KekiAdhikari     
azelez119 lt;3 
Good day :)   
yubrgh09 ghimire_prabeeg hahaha you guys :* 
ghimire_prabeeg yubrgh09 lots of love :* 
 ,       
Selfie Queen :P   
                   
Hello 2015 :) 
After a phenomenal 2014, I embrace 2015 with arms wide open! Happy 2015  :) 
Jyediigoorong Lots of love :* You're my rock! 
Endorsements! Stay warm this winter!  Inverter AC :) Keep the bills low and the temperature high!! 
Kisses to my  :)  
Awwww... look at us :) Shooting for How Funny :) KekiAdhikari     
Agreed! Completely! With every word!    
A smile speaks a thousand words!    
rekhafilms Welcome to twitter Rekha di :) 
Thank god I have you! My baby love  Good morning world! 
   
This is what I do!     
azelez119 ask santa ;) 
samita5041 awww thank you :) 
Another one from  Oh I loooove this place. Sooo beautiful!   
Say hi to Siddhi :)   
Merry Christmas from Nuwakot  Love to all my  :) 
Such a beautiful place!!   :)  
 :) I loved the concept, I agree with what the movie is trying to convey! Looved it :) Its just a film. Common guys!! 
Another one from ECS Living! Photo by: Brij Photography Styled by: SayalShrestha22 Hair and MUA: sakilkunwar 
SheilaSangrola chuuuuuu :* Thanks for all the love. Youre my rock :* 
ParakramRana awwwwww you. Cuteness you! I miss seeing your pretty face! Catch up sooon!!!!! 
Beautiful  
ECS Living December Issue! Brij Photography Hair\MUA: sakilkunwar Styled by: SayalShrestha22 Wearing: sailexxx 
Yes snowie, I'll miss you too. Be good. I love you.. (Leaving for Nuwakot. Left a piece of me with her) 
 pack up. Destination next -  Here we come!!  
MunaThapa6 awwww! Im all smiles now :) 
DahalSmriti aww thank you. Merry christmas to you too :) 
Because we'r soooo worth it! SayalShrestha22     
kumarkarki374 awwww I remember you :) 
 Feb 13, 2015 BhaskarDhungana prachshrestha 
via youtube 
Tsuraj111 Is this you? really? 
DahalTbd Thus is really you? 
     
That one idoit in Australia helped unite the whole country together.  is beautiful and the impact it has made is just magical 
If I was in Australia, I would have said and done the same.  
ECS Living December Issue!!! Photo by: Brij Thapa Hair and MUA: Sakil Kunwar Styled by: SayalShrestha22 
Smiling the cold away!!!    Stay warm everyone lt;3 
You smile, I smile. You cry, I cry. Whatever makes you happy, makes me happy! My best friend! Forever subexyabhadel 
Meet "Sushila' from Wada no. 6 :) 
From the sets of How Funny :)  ra  :) 
Our own personalized chairs :) Coolio!! Mero ra kekiadhikari ko :) Thank you!! howfunnythemovie 
Such a honor to be playing his daughter :) Respected Nir Shah sir :) Ward no. 6 
Best Actor in a supporting role female :) Thank you D Cine Awards, thank you Nai na bhannu la 2 family :) 
hey hey hey, howfunnythefilm is on Instagram. Beautiful people, follow its IG account for updates on 
mrkhyaauu ani kina hi bhanna na aako?  
krishna_stha007 Awww.. Thank you. That means a lot to me :) 
1, 2, 3 say cheese!    
deepu069 Hugs and kisses :* 
hemanta_liz Thank you :) 
   
Prinsha bagged two awards at the Miss Earth pageant last night! Miss Eco Beauty and Miss Popular Choice ;) So proud! 
More than 12000 people Thank you Doha! You guys ROCK! 
Last night at the show in Doha. Clad in subexyabhadel 
And its 11:11, make a wish. :-) 
Thank you 7408 tweethearts. You are my rock! :-* 
bhakunne ho :) Fanko 
Sneak peak from the song shoot in Hetauda :) '  , beauty    , cutie   :) 
Emceeing the Diabetes Mela 2014 - Diabetes Awareness Campaign right now at Basantaur Durbar Square :) Free entry!!! 
Got so busy, but haven't forgotten about or Qamp;A. Tell me sweethearts, when should we do it? Love. 
The best curve in my whole body - My smile :) 
Chamling9 Aawaran title track :) Ive collaborated with Yama Buddha :) 'Chopiyeko Satya' 
Rest in Paradise Alok Da. It's an extremely sad day to me, and a tragic end to a beautiful bright person. :-( 
With gorgeous Raveena Tandon Nepal Jewellery Fashion Show :) 
Backstage! Getting ready for The Jewellery Fashion show organised by Gems and Jewellers Association Nepal :) 
Awww.. She's Sweety :) 
I know its a little late for this post, but here it is! Me posing with both my awards for the first time :) Thank you 
ZippLawson are you not on Facebook anymore???? 
ZippLawson heyyyy u!!! 
shoe_vash ajaybhattarai I know. What is good to you might not be as good to me. There's a thing you could graciously do, unfollow. Duh! 
nissanpokhrel :) 
ajaybhattarai Qamp;A ahile haina... maile ta reminder matra diyeko. Will happen soon. Will keep you posted. Save your questions. :) 
Twitter Qamp;A sooooooon....  but  Hahaha. will let you know when in the next few days. :-* Good day  
aloneboy1 hehehe 
apilbista I am the happiest. Thanks again. :) 
meowwycatty Thank you cuteness. :-* 
shoe_vash ajaybhattarai yaa right attention seeker! Good luck in life with all the hate that you possess! 
apilbista sailexxx Thank you :D 
Follow this creative genius sailexxx, this beautiful gown designed by him. Thank you so much love. lt;3 
arjbasnet :D 
Thank you limbuniran :) I am all smiles. 
Happiest day. Wearing sailexxx, thank you love. lt;3 Hair amp; MUA - Sakil Kunwar, at the INFA wards, HongKong. xx 
HONGKONG!!    malvikavika 
Happiness :) 
bikmad awww thank you for watching it :) 
yaksobiplab Thank you 
asishsyangden and I didn't host the show either. Just attended :) 
asishsyangden you got to watch? Didn't know it was going to get telecast. Haha, and I reserve my opinion on this dai. :) 
Thank you INFA awards :) Best Actor in a supporting role Female and Most Popular Actor Female :) 
rnabin85: PriyankaKarky dont you think u looks like a doll ..perfect nepali actress" awwwww thank you :-* 
Hello Hongkong :) 
My rangoli :) Happy Laxmi Puja :) 
Mata Lakshmi ko ashirwaad sadhai rahirahosh. Hamro Nepal sampanna rahosh. Happy Tihar. :) 
Happy Tihar :) 
limbuniran I had a very busy schedule :( I will be coming for the INFA awards though :) October 26th :) 
chironnex Kisses :* 
ayzrim There you go :* Kisses :) 
One of the most wonderful man I have ever come across :) Happy Birthday Suraj Singh Thakuri lt;3 
Shooting :) 
chironnex Sorry if I ended up hurting you in some way. I try my best :) 
ShakyaRoman awwww cutie :) Thank yoy 
Rajendra078 HiraaRai Thank you 
binod1 Thank you :* 
I feel gooooooooooood!!!! 
I wake up every morning and live a life I've always dreamt of living! This is perfect!  
HiraaRai awwwww xx 
anupkrk thank you. Means a lot. :) 
iPnku used to be :-( hehe 
Theuglyrose thank you so much for the good wishes. Sending you great luck too. X 
KayJee_21 awwww thank you :) 
Last night at the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 launch :) Wearing lipsynepal Anjil Maskey Photography :) 
anupkrk Thank you love :* 
HiraaRai awwww thank you :) 
nepaparo *Thank you :* 
INFA awards red carpet nomination party! Wearing subexyabhadel With lexysexy lexlimbu 
And finally done with my mehandi :) 
Subu ko mehandi :* subexyabhadel 
              ? 
Happy tika everyone :) 
Such a beautiful early morning surprise :) Thank you Ncell family for this beautiful Dashain gift :) 
Let the festivities begin!!! Happy Dashain :) 
We will come back together on screen with a bang again!!! NAI NA BHANNU LA 3  Soooooooon!!!! 
Happy Dashain :) 
All set to judge the finale of JCI Miss Teen Nepal 2014 :) Good luck ladies :) Wearing Swornim Rai :) 
russha11 thank you :) 
Water baby :) A still picture from my upcoming release 'SADANGA' 
BikashAbc Thank you soo much :) 
kumarkarki374 thank you :) 
At the Ncell Literature Festival :) Spoke about 'Celebrity Gossip in Media' Pic: 
BikasNeupane1 thank you :) 
BDramesh iPnku PahiloPost Thank you so much :) 
khaklyaksoltee Kisses :* 
binod1 Thank you sooooooooo much :) 
iPnku PahiloPost how cute are you? La mero tarfa bata hi and dherai maya tapailai :) 
pradhanpancha PahiloPost we are public figures. Appearance ko khayal ta rakhnu paryo ni :P 
BikasNeupane1 thank you love :) 
Speakers at the Ncell Literature Festival. The topic was 'Celebrity Gossip in Media' malvikavika 
 
Talking about my new film HOW FUNNY at the official announcement ceremony :) 
Get it! 
With keki!! Never a dull moment :) 
True that :P 
Nagarkot :) 
binod1 thank you :) 
Chuness dijju :*   malvikavika 
Sisters for life!!! Not just this life, every other after this too :) I heart you malvikavika di :* 
Good day everyone :) 
Because it's a beautiful life :) 
:* 
Saturday smiles :) 
SaransBudathoki awwww thank you :) 
Happy birthday princess :* subexyabhadel 
At the NFDC National film awards 2070 Red Carpet Styled by sayal.shrestha Photo by Mahesh Pradhan 
Lovely Korea :) 
Thank you for the beautiful response South Korea. Our show was amazing. THANK YOU ALL for showing up :) 
Coming soon.  :) 
South Korea :) Beautiful 
Yesterday at the NFDC film awards. :-) 
HELLO SOUTH KOREA :) 
Mommy and chori :*   
With my favourite people :) Malvika di and Nishu :) 
With dearest friend Saugat Malla :) 
Very true :) 
Naturally Nepal :) 
10 years and counting! Precious friendship :) 
Congratulations newlyweds :) FINALLY  
Summer time madness ;)    
   
Fitness freak for life. And swimming afterwards. Life is nice.   
Shooting     
Ghar ma griha shanti ko puja :) 
My mother dearest :) I love you mumma :* 
My baby boo, I love you. :-) 
Happy father's day to all the fathers around the world :) That is me and my father!! My 
   Love you to the moon and back :) 
bboysantosh I support  and no offense to people who are supporting the other. :) 
Challenge accepted.  you do the needful too. Love you all.  
Just posted a photo 
Television commercial shooting for Omega 6 cooking oil today :)    
Nap time :)    
Shooting ma    :) 
:) 
Getting ready for  New venture! SADANGA! 
Candid :) At the closing ceremony of Annapurna post Corporate Badminton Tournament 2014 :) 
subedihema poush 27 ma aaucha :) 
    
Always such an honor to meet Hari Bansha Dai and Madan Krishna Dai :) 
Annapurna post presents Corporate Badminton 2014! Finals happening right now!! 
My dearest sister malvikavika :* :* :* 
The past month has been the best month of my life in a very long time. It was soooo good to see you 
Sending you all kisses. Why? Because I feel like. ;-)   
Happy birthday sahanavajracharya :* 
Our winners!! Miss Global Chitwan 2014 Deepika Sapkota. The 3 winners will now participate in Miss 
Starting now!! Goodluck ladies :) malvikavika 
All set to judge Miss Global Chitwan :) Wearing subexyabhadel 
Going to Chitwan for Miss Global Chitwan lt;3 Lets kill it malvikavika di :* 
Besties!! FOREVER :* subexyabhadel 
My next release SUNTALI officially selected to premiere at the Busan International Film Festival, 
Raksha Bandhan with my brother after 3 years!    leelathaps you 
RIP Superstar Shree Krishna Shrestha :( 
My adorable princess :) I love my baby girl, Snowie the mostest in the world!!!!   
Spreading  Happy   
Beautiful day at shoot today! Wearing my mother's saree  :* 
  
Sauram ra ma :)   
Met the kids at Snowland Ranag Light of Education School. They welcomed me with so much love. I was in 
Ok  please keep spreading the word about raising funds for the  victims. And tweet to me. :-) 
Selfie time :* With Suraj Singh Thakuri 
avagi_keshav you can deposit the cash in an account I will tweet to you later. Thank you, means a lot. Also tell your friends n family. 
My  for   :-) 
And I will let you know where to drop the kind, or where to deposit the cash. Much love. My  are the best. Lets get this done. 
Dear  first spread the word amongst your friends. Decide whether you want to help in cash or kind or both. And tweet to me. 
What's up? Need to make a plea. Help the Sunkoshi/Bhotekoshi victims. Collect food items or money, and let me know.  
surajuve heheheheheh, goodnight.. :-) 
Mnis007 thank you for the words of appreciation... :-) Goodnight 
tamumilan69 goodnight. and happy friendship day.. :-) 
abhisekhmaskey Happy Friendship Day, hope you had a great one with your beloveds... :-) 
Okay, that was a soul reviving Qamp;A, even though a little shorter than usual. I love you all. Goodnight  :-) 
TheArtistAmar She likes the good in people. So be yourself, be nice. :-) 
DeviilPrince Goodnight sweets. :-) 
TheArtistAmar You are not what you wear. :-) 
Chamling9 Thank you for the words of appreciation. And forgive me for that one time I let you down. :-) 
Daamberr awwww, your love amp; support will take me far.. thank you.. and love back.. goodnight.. :) 
gagan_here Awwwwww.. it just might be true.. :) Goodnight Gagan :) 
Sanzieep thank you so much. Goodnight. :) 
mizrnyr3 DeviilPrince what's in a name? See the beauty that's inside. :) 
nepaleeidiot there's a Qamp;A session with him too? him.. okay bye.. will see you there.. hehehe.. :D 
Chamling9 I read occasionally. My favorite is Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger. 
Arjeet32 Awwwww, thank you for the love and concern. This tweet sure heals the fatigue. Love back. Night. :) 
bichoodg I am actually very active but if you say so your wish is my command. :-) 
TheArtistAmar he is my haangu... someone who is very dear to me... I love him.. a friend for life.. :) 
Hi DeviilPrince's Priyanka, just know that this guy loves you crazy. Forgive him, see the good in him. There's a reason u guys r together. 
TheArtistAmar No you won't. A person can't be that evil. :) Goodnight. 
jeevanpahari Bank ta banda chha hola... aba bholi account kholnu huss... night.. :) 
gagan_here Of course I have been to Biratnagar, if thats what you mean by BRT. :) Yes, would love to talk with you.. hopefully soon.. hehe 
Daamberr * I am a 
Daamberr I am Leonardo DiCaprio fan, love Johnny Depp, and there's Marilyn Monroe, Sandra Bullock, Angelina Jolie... Priyanka Chopra... 
jeevanpahari were you hospitalized too? sorry about it :P ... awwww, this is such a cute question... sending love.. :) 
Sanzieep     :) 
dhirenbac Patience is the virtue. And then it's perception backed by passion. :) 
TheArtistAmar but thats the only right thing to do... :) 
DeviilPrince awwwwwww, adorable... and I am sure she is super beautiful.. ;) 
jamirmaharjan Lets see... But unity always brings out the best in people... :) 
bichoodg ufff.... :) 
Chamling9 I am in my favorite place in the whole wide world, Kathmandu :) 
TheArtistAmar Hmmmmmm... a little bit of hardwork won;t hurt you.. :) 
bichoodg heheheheheheh 
jamirmaharjan Yes, I for one have been planning to do something on my own. I was busy shooting all day, about to pack up now. You are nice. 
Chamling9 thank you... thank god it didn't hurt.. :P 
DeviilPrince sending you more love back.. :) 
Arjeet32 the day was amazing... was shooting... about to pack up now.. hope yours was great :) 
Are you willing to do a quick Qamp;A with me? Hit me back if you are. Hehehehe....  
:* 
Tune in to On air right now!! 7-9 pm Talking about life, career, controversies, and a lot 
The crazy things i get to do while shooting :)   
Early morning shoot at  :) 
:P 
kumarkarki374 sorry been a lol busy. Back now :) 
Bonding :* Bhai and me :) 
Selfie time!!   :* 
Awwww look who i met today. JHILMIL (named after the character from Barfi) 
TVC shoot with darling Akesha Bista :) 
 
A gift to myself :) Guilty pleasures :) 
BbKingK awwww, thank you. :-) 
agreed!  
Classic  
deepu069 i will be there very soon I promise :) 
Bye bye Hongkong!! Hello Australia :) 
    
Showstopper ;) 
Star ferry :) 
nisha_khadka Awwww :* 
My first time singing!! That too in Hongkong! I had a beautiful audience!! Thank you :) Wearing 
Showstopper last night for Renu Shrestha ib Hongkong!! Fashion in a city was FABULOUS! Thank you 
And Fifa champions 2014... GERMANY!! very well deserved!!! Fantastic finish!! 
Getting ready to start!! Fashion in a city!!! Hongkong!! Wearing subexyabhadel :* 
Hongkong!!! 
Wuhuuuuuuu Hongkong!!! 
Hongkong :) Funning... weeeeeeeeeeee :* 
Hello beautiful Hongkong :) 
Celebrating 51 days! Nai na bhannu la 2 
Kati mitho hawa chalyo :) 
    
Still from shoot today :) 
awwww cuteness you    
My dearest brother :) leelathaps 
Mummy bonding :* 
Congratulations baby sister! SLC distinction - 85.25 Well done shikha_shrestha. So proud of you :) 
 Precious memories with kunchhang and aayushak :* 
OMG!! Prettyness! Thank you for the beautiful bag leelathaps. How I wish you were here 
  and  I stand :) Wearing subexyabhadel :* 
:) 
Happy Birthday Anubhav Regmi :) 
NiranjanKadel Thank you soo much. Means a lot :) 
My baby love. Cuteness. Snowie :* 
:* 
If I was a boy :P 
GsCloudss lol 
gadhikari53 awww thank you 
   
 
Ney_war BIG hug!! lt;3 
GsCloudss hehehehehe.. cute! 
highway_unit5 well, that's racist. There's no space for a racist here. Goodbye! 
I dance because there is no greater feeling in the world than moving to a piece of music and letting 
The happiest place on Earth :*   
NEFTA nominations are out. Ive been nominated in two categories, Best Supporting Actress (code: NEFTA24B) and Bes 
victoriousleez haven't decided yet. Lets see :) 
I love this pic. Thank you for the click lexlimbu :*    
AryalDarshan :* 
soooo true 
SigdelSital sandeep26619 my love right back at you :) 
sandeep26619 SigdelSital I do. Trust me. With 3g, its a lot easy now ;p 
ImTilaT Thank you 
SigdelSital :* 
SigdelSital sandeep26619 Yes I do and try and reply as much as I can. You guys are my inspiration. Your love keeps me going :* 
Its a beautiful life :* 
Beautiful Saturday :) 
Now that's called 'living' ;p 
GsCloudss :* 
victoriousleez Yes I will :) Direct :) Went to film school and finishe'd my degree majoring in acting and directing :) 
With  :) An amazing co-actor and a darling friend :) 
:) 
Thank you LexySexy for the words of appreciation..... lexlimbu :-* 
lexlimbu: "Nobody cares about celebrities in Nepal" - PriyankaKarky at ChaukathNepal event. 
   :) 
  
GurungKta lexlimbu ChaukathNepal Thank you for all the love. It inspires and encourages me to do better :) 
GurungKta lexlimbu ChaukathNepal People like you who care and respect are rarely found :) and we loooooove you for that :) 
lexlimbu ChaukathNepal Thank you Lex :) 
My mommy and grandmommmy :)     
That moment when you're in the middle of something and someone randomly calls your name and as you 
 :) 
:( 
COCKTAIL JAWANI!! Hahaha... my next release - Punte Parade. 
Right before the show!!   Wearing  
PrachandaNepal haha :p very funny :) 
SushagyaDhonju maile ta night life nai bhetena.. pheri kati pani pareko :( 
yaksobiplab: PriyankaKarky  I Love this Lady haha !! Water Colour Effects .. awwww you are so kind. :-) 
 :)  
sooooo breathtaking!! Beautiful Sikkim :) 
lil joys in life :) 
Beautiful Sikkim :) Cold, foggy, yet homely :) 
Sending smiles :) 
ManikshyaS awwww thank you :) 
kumarkarki374 diyenan. we spoke only about the betterment of Nepali movies :) 
Landed safely. Bhadrapur :) Off to Sikkim now :) 
Got an opportunity to meet our former prime minister Dr. Baburam Bhattarai. We discussed movies, the 
Beautiful nails at Sparke amp; Shine, DurbarMarg :) 
Happy Birthday to the strongest woman I know. My strength! My inspiration. My mother!! I love you 
Thank you so so so so much  5000 followers :) I feel blessed. I looove you all :* 
BhagimanLingden awwww thank you. That just made my day :) 
Tonight!! SPAIN it is!!! 
gurl_ush awww thank you 
   
Another one from my latest work!    
lexlimbu Thank you :) 
still from shoot. Attempting to do hiphop/locking poppin for the first time :) 
Proud to be a  
Attending the 60 secs International Film Festival at CDC :) Looking forward :) 
NamrataaS Happy Birthday to you love. :-) God bless. X. 
disneywords: Lucky for me. My dads the most amazing guy in the world. Miley Stewart (Hannah Montana)" 
Yes, Spain lost! Doesn't mean I am going to switch teams and jump somewhere else.  
rashikakhadka0 soooooon :) 
Dancing! My passion :) 
Soooooo good to finally meet you lexlimbu :) A lot more catching up to do!!! Sooon!! 
lexlimbu awww lex :) 
Releasing soon  :) 
SPAIN!! 
1bhadas awww thank you :) 
SushagyaDhonju yes and villa and pedro too :) 
Early morning shoot :) 
SPAIN!!! You?? 
My heartbeat!!  superstar  
subexyabhadel Thank you baby :) 
KhembhaiKhem well said ;) 
Sojhonikhil awwww thank you :) 
victoriousleez Thank you 
GreatNepal awww thank you :) 
MyKarki Thank you :) 
SushagyaDhonju Thank you 
ManikshyaS Awwwww how sweet Thank you :) 
RawalCool Thank you :) 
gmpravesh Thank you :) 
Overwhelmed by the messages and tweets of congratulations. You guys are the best. I love you.   
Of appearences :) At OFA last evening :) Wearing subexyabhadel Thank you for the Popular Award, Best 
subexyabhadel Thank you baby :) 
This happened because of my  love. Thank you so much, this one's for you all. Wearing subexyabhadel. :) 
Thank you :) Popular awards Best Actress 2071 
  Wearing  
Cannot Wait! June 10th!! Come already!! prettylittleliars ashbenzo lucyhale shaymitch 
my love for  Wearing  Hair and make up sakilkunwar 
Shooting in Gajuri. I am super tanned. Addicted to Coke, have put on weight in tons. Hmmm... so much to do as soon as  over. 
WAVE's 19th Anniversary issue.Styled by SayalShrestha22, clad in Bishwogautam, mua -Sakil Kunwar, photo-Sushan dai. 
And especially with the papers and magazines. That's just not me. Make your own assumptions, but this ain't letting me down. Good luck! 
There's nothing wrong in talking about sex amp; I am a free thinking individual. But that doesn't mean, I'll go around talking about it. 
It gets out of control, and at times like those, you got to clarify. And I am doing just that. I know my values. 
Everything you read in the entertainment papers isn't true. Mostly, they are just there for cheap titillation. Have learnt to ignore them. 
It's a figment of the journo's overactive imagination. Apologies have been made but what's in the papers, always stays there.And that's sad. 
Fabrication to fill up ur paper's space! Unethical! That stupid interview still haunts me. So here's the truth - those answers weren't mine. 
hahahaha!! epic :P 
kumarkarki374 Hi :)))) 
livelyreshal interview is false! 
livelyreshal but when it's fabricated to this extent, I get really upset. I have moved on from this disaster. Just know that this.. 
livelyreshal Just because they have a space to fill, they come up with these stuff. I don't mind talking about sex, it's a natural thing... 
livelyreshal Hi. :) Okay, here, I hate to be justifying myself, but this is someone's overactive figment of imagination. Just because... 
KekiAdhikari keku :) 
angel199_angel awww thank you sooo much :) 
Love the runway :) 
Cover girl for 'Healthy Life' this month! wearing subexyabhadel :) Grab your copy soon! 
Go green! Happy World Environment Day all :) Wearing subexyabhadel 
Chamling9 love love and much love.. :) 
russha11 thank you... muahsss. :) 
ilovedance_mk muahsss :) 
_SumanPoudel hajur maile bujhina :) 
pun19pun Hehe,t hank you for the cote.. You can't vote twice the same day. So you can vote again tomorrow huss. :) 
You can vote as many times as you like. So be generous. Hehe...  
Did you vote for me my loves?? :) 
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR TIME, AND QUESTIONS. I am off now. Gotta get back to work. Love you all. I feel blessed.  
TheArtistAmar I know right, she is a baby. I adore her. Sure will let her know. :) 
Gal9Gauchan so did you. Thank you. :)))) 
ilovedance_mk shyamgr always :) 
Gal9Gauchan thank you pretty lady. Your love makes me who I am. :) 
ilovedance_mk shyamgr don't let life let u down. Get up,reach for the stars, even if u dnt reach the stars, you will land on the Moon. :) 
TheArtistAmar They are all amazing. :) Diya amp; I, we've met occasionally but to be honest, haven't really gotten to know her better. :) 
DambarYah because of various financial reasons, and also less supportive nature of our very own audience towards us. :) 
ilovedance_mk shyamgr perseverance and hard work. love and respect for the craft. :) professional training. :) 
subba_maila fingers crossed. :) Thank you for your good wishes :) 
shyamgr ilovedance_mk hehehe... you guys.. I feel blessed. your love is precious.. :) 
Okay  15 more minutes and I am off. So yes, shoot. :))) 
ilovedance_mk shyamgr how do you know there's an album on my mind? :) hehe... soon.. and I am all smiles, you are the reason. 
KhembhaiKhem hahahahahahahahaha... cute :) 
1bhadas Thank u for the admiration. :) Hmm. Daya Hang Rai is a riot, amp; then there's Keki who I love. She is cute and so funny. Childlike. 
_SumanPoudel for my  always. :) I am shooting right now too, but it's an hour long break so. making the best use of it.. 
TheArtistAmar Full Scholarship. :) And I started working from an early age so yes.. :) 
TheArtistAmar Never take it for granted. While you're at it, be a positive change. 
TheArtistAmar jst dnt get into it for the sake of it. It's the same as other professions. 
shyamgr all the best to you too.. thank you :) 
ilovedance_mk shyamgr awwwww, you both are so cute.. Love.. 
redevilz007 trying my best, giving it my all.. :)    hahaha :) 
1bhadas hahahahahahahaah, not in that sense!!! 
shyamgr ilovedance_mk amoinaaaaaa :) 
KhembhaiKhem Yes,he's a thorough gentleman. I'm coming to Australia too. July 19th for the grand finale of Mr amp; Ms. Australia Nepal 2014 :) 
AjeetMahatara What makes somebody great? The fact that you r already a good being makes you great to me. Maybe we will meet someday. Soon. 
TheArtistAmar I am a normal middle class girl with high values. :) 
ilovedance_mk shyamgr isn't he adorable? :) Thanks :) 
shyamgr Such is the power of everyone's smile. So keep smiling. :) 
bull_bixon Next time for sure. See you soon. :) 
TheArtistAmar She was honest with her apology. And that's what matters. I have moved on. :) 
TheArtistAmar Sometimes your relationship with that person makes you forget and forgive. I'd known her for long amp; yes,she apologized to me. 
pun19pun kehi raamro changes lyaauchhu bhanney soch ko saath matra aafulai yo chhetra ma samarpit garnus.. :) 
pun19pun yo profession ni doctor, engineer bhane jattikai important chha. So yettikai prepared nabhai na aaunus hola.. 
pun19pun heroine hunchhu thaha thhena tara yahi chhetra maa nai hunchhu thaha thhyo.. kalakarita ma nai sadhai dhyaan hunthhyo :) 
KhembhaiKhem hehe, thank u. Hmmm.. NEVER TRYING wud b the worst thing u cud to urself. Fall hard, fail, so tht u knw how to get back up. 
TheArtistAmar Not as expected. But yes, it was praised for it's technical advancement. :) 
shyamgr :) :) :) thank you for making me smile.. :) :) :) 
bboysantosh I LOVE MY  and this is my little way of thanking all of you for making me who I am today. :) 
bull_bixon Hope I haven't let you down. All I can say is "Thank You" for all the love. Sending you a piece of my heart. :) 
anupismyname Thank u so much for the love. :) Some of my movies hv been uploaded on youTube, so do watch amp; let me knw huss. 
redevilz007 Both... hahah... See I always knew I wanted to do this amp; so to be better, I did my film making course for 4 years. 
ManikshyaS awwwwwwwww :))) Love you... 
subba_maila Yes I have been. The reason I can adjust anywhere is I have seen places of different kinds while growing up. :) 
TheArtistAmar in short, those were not my answers. Believe it or faint! 
TheArtistAmar time but there's no truth in that interview. The interviewer had a space to fill, and I became the victim. 
TheArtistAmar See, tht interview was a case of someone's overactive figment of imagination. Its ridiculous to be clarifying myself all the 
bull_bixon I have put my heart and soul into it amp; make sure that I dont disappoint anyone while on my journey. :) All in all, its been grt. 
bull_bixon there have been times when I've cried reading the msgs I get here or on Facebook, cried the tears of joy. I feel truly blessed. 
bull_bixon Means the world to me. Us actors live for the love amp; appreciation. It's sad tht I cnt reply to all the tweets, bt I try my best. 
shyamgr I am flattered :) Thank you :) 
TheArtistAmar eversince I was an infant, I'd sing amp; dance, no occasion required. And I wanted to be in that magic box. TV you see.. so yes. 
bboysantosh I am excited too. Thank you for the love. X. 
TheArtistAmar They are my biggest critics, my parents. Of course, they found flaws but not where you are directing towards. 
AjeetMahatara awwwww, so cute. It's overwhelming to know you have that effect on someone. Sending you love. :) 
More questions please... :) KEEP IT COMING!! 
TheArtistAmar thanks. :) 
bboysantosh talks are on for a continent tour. But let's see. We'll see.Hehe... 
LimbooU thank you :) 
r_zit A dancer, Child psychologist or a vet. :) 
TheArtistAmar cinema to me is a creative space amp; there has to b truth to it.So if I really want to b true to my craft, I wouldn't confirm. 
AjeetMahatara Of course :) 
TheArtistAmar well that's sad. I guess I can't please everybody. Will try and give my best though. :) 
TheArtistAmar I did my Bachelors in Film Making from University of North Alabama. Was there for 5 years. Maybe I picked on it. :) 
LimbooU Hmmmm... I like Salman Khan, everyone's favorite. And then there's Hrithik Roshan. And Kangana Ranaut, Vidya Balan....PC... 
TheArtistAmar Thank you so much. Your love really matters. :) 
AjeetMahatara Yes I love my  Thank you for your love. lt;3 
TheArtistAmar I wouldn't go to a beach wearing a saree. Nobody would. :) 
r_zit xo 
TheArtistAmar irreconcilable differences. :) 
r_zit once in a blue moon.... and when my character requires to do so.. :) 
LimbooU Hi Dewan ji. :) 
nissanpokhrel I haven't love. It's just gets extremely difficult to stay in touch. :) 
soip07 hmmmm.... when I am sure I am ready... won't be repeating the same mistake.. :) 
r_zit shoot :) 
What's up? :)))))  I am ready to do a surprise Qamp;A. Are you ready with your questions? :) 
Precious memories! Sharing a moment with Mr. Udit Narayan Jha :) 
ilovedance_mk always here sweetheart :) 
By clicking on the link, you can also vote for me online. The 4Th category, Popular Actor Female :) Thank you :) 
ManikshyaS awww thank you soooo much. That meant a lot :) 
ninsahangningwa very soon :) 
bsalghimire awww thank you for so much love :) Hopefully very soon :) 
ilovedance_mk Awww thank you love :) 
Attending Mr. and Ms. Australia Nepal this year :) 19th July it is! See you  :)  
My dearest mommie :) 
Granma's 84th birthday :) 
electric_mesh alls cool now :) 
kumarkarki374 Im sorry I miss out on a few tweets here and there :( I try to reply to all of it :) 
ninsahangningwa awwww thank you :) 
electric_mesh Nabujhi boli halnu hunna Mahesh ji :) 
electric_mesh I was refering to "Happyness" from the movie "The pursuit of Happyness" If u watched the movie, you would have known. 
Do I deserve the award for popular actress this year? If yes, pretty please vote for me by typing OFA 4C and sending the message to 2066 :) 
Blast from the past :) 
And this part of my life is called "Happyness" 
Keep smiling :) You never know who's falling in love with it :) 
 :) 
A still from  
Starting a beautiful day with a smile :) 
of  Mero Best Friend :) Wearing bishwogautam 
 :) 
So much love from my  Makes me feel super blessed. Hope you know that I have equal or more love for you all. :) 
NerajBhandary awww thank you :) 
BKarky Good. Atleast you are trying :) 
How cute is this? 
Made a new friend at shoot today. Im naming him "Baby Godzilla" ;) 
  in the   amandadchapman 
Thank you for all the love :) 
PrashamsaC Thank you sooo much. Im all smiles now. I promise to continue working hard :) 
ManikshyaS awwww thank you :) 
sonamakapoor!! Divine! The look at the   
  
cuteness overload kekiadhikari :* 
Shooting for     
Beautiful  :) 
one of my fav pics :) 
sthanimesh :) 
So who watched  Need your feedbacks  :) 
ManikshyaS thank you :) I am all smiles.. 
Aawaran released all  today. I need your  and  :) 
subexyabhadel chunununu :) 
At the premier of Aawaran with my dearest sadichhashr Wearing subexyabhadel Styled by sayalshrestha22 
Aawaran!! Now showing! 
ParakramRana Thank you love :) 
ParakramRana awwwww thank you :) 
lexlimbu Thank you :) 
This Friday!!! 
Happy Buddha Jayanti :) 
ParakramRana yay! I hope I don't disappoint you :\ 
3 more days :) 
A day spent well :)     
4 days to go!!!   
Sometimes all you need is a true friend and suddenly all your problems are non-existent. You 
Me and my baby girl Snowie Wearing bishwogautam :) 
Lets connect via instagram too :) Find me as priyankakarky :) 
eklomann :) 
Aawaran - 5 days to go :) Fingers crossed! I need your love and support :) 
amandadchapman I know. I loved it too. coming to the States this July. Maybe we should plan another one :) 
JitanKatwal yes :) Fanko 
let's connect on facebook too :) my official page - 
Celebrating sisterhood :) My dearest sister malvikavika  
Nighty night :* 
So overwhelming to see so much love and support. Thank you  :) 
A still from  In theaters May 16 :) 
And this is how we roll! Driving around the streets of  :)   
Shooting in Pokhara! OMG! soooooo hot! 
k3jin thank you 
JitanKatwal amandadchapman alabama 
k3jin thank you.. love. X. 
mannaz_alpha suggestions please :) 
Always loved the runway :) 
My first photoshoot in the States :)  amandadchapman 
one of my fav pics :) wearing bishwogautam :)  
 
Behind the scenes. Shooting for     
Relax. Take a deep breath. Close your eyes . Let go :) 
TGIF NEPAL FASHION WEEK,  for subexyabhadel. :) MUA - snehrana and hair by Rajesh Ghimire. X. 
shooting    
Happy birthday Audrey Hepburn :) Dedicating this picture to you :) 
lexlimbu yay :) And yes dinner too :) Soooooooooon 
lexlimbu how long will u be in Nepal? Aawaran releases may 16. We shud watch it together ;) 
lexlimbu shooting in pokhara :( 
On screen together again :) FANKO!!! 
Different moods at shoot  Wearing subexyabhadel :) 
Congratulations Our New Miss Nepals Miss Nepal World Subin Limbu Miss Nepal Earth Prinsha 
Aawaran releasing Jestha 2, May 9th  
  
     
Aawaran promotions in Butwal  Wearing subexyabhadel 
AAWARAN promotions in  Wearing subexyabhadel  
Dedicating this day to my dearest mother  Happy Mother's Day Mamu 
CastingChhabra hey hey. How be you? 
subexyabhadel thank you baby. The fabulous creations are yours :) 
subexyabhadel awwww chununu you. I miss u cuteness  
Aawaran promotions in Narayangarh Wearing subexyabhadel 
Bato ma truck ladecha Ani dozer le tanne prayas :(     
And the tour begins NOW!   First stop NARAYANGHAT! 
Starting my next project May 1st! FANKO!! Excited :) 
TGIF Nepal Fashion Week 2014 Wearing subexyabhadel 
 
RowdyNepali hahahahahahahahahaha,,, 
Always such a pleasure working with him! Someone I admire, look up to and respect soooo much! Mr. 
TGIF Nepal Fashion Week 2014 Day 3 Showstopper for subexyabhadel  
 
Shooting for a music video  Wearing Swornim's Studio 
 today  Wearing Swornim's collection  
Spreading smiles this morning      
nischalbasnet2 Hey hey hey :) 
Supposed to be my   but it's going to be my 6th My debut movie in the Nepali film 
 
Another one for TNM Wearing subexyabhadel Hair and MUA sakilkunwar  
    
Aawaran OST Priyanka Karki featuring Yama Buddha  Thank you for the beautiful collage 
Ney_war thank you 
Photo shoot with  earingsubexyabhadel Hair and MUA sakilkunwar Photo by Shashank Pradhan 
BhaskarDhungana hahaha. Very funny 
subexyabhadel baby  
Slama5234 great fun :) 
BhaskarDhungana well thats nice. How does it feel so far? 
BhaskarDhungana hey you! Didn't know you were on twitter :) 
 
View from my balcony  :) 
 for  Wearing subexyabhadel Hair and make up sakilkunwar Photography Shashank Pradhan  
TWITTER Qamp;A SESSION COMING TUESDAY. :) For now, hello POKHARA! XO  
We were supposed to hv Qamp;A session yesterday. And I forgot,got so busy.I am sorry. But this Tuesday, pinky promise. En route Pokhara now. :) 
subhasinishrest rvlradio sajha awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww :) 
khabarJP Thank you :) 
My   moment!   
Always loved singing but this is my first time doing it professionally! The OST of Aawaran lt;3 
lexlimbu deffo! Thanks for the share lex! And yes a head banging, ass flippin dancy prancy number super soon! Kisses :* 
At the premier of Nai Na Bhannu la 2 Wearing Swornim Rai My hair and make up sakilkunwar  
subedihema hehehehe, awww, thank you.. hope you are doing great  :) 
SujataGurung16 you are so adorable.. thank you.. :) 
aria_shr . Awww hon, get well soon. Smile, life has so much to offer. Oh yeah by the way, I have a beautiful life. :) 
Till then enjoy this song. My next release, Nai Nabhannu La 2. This Friday. Need your bestest wishes. 
And also, I am so sorry. I haven't been able to reply to all your tweets but I promise I will. One at a time. My  MINE! 
So when should we schedule the next Qamp;A with me? :) Prepare your questions. It's next Tuesday. Love you all. :) 
PriyaMbada_7 I love you :) 
My little superstar  Anubhav Regmi :) 
HONGKONG     
Attending the press meet for  My white cropped top by tenzintsetenbhu    
Shooting for  ko OST!    
Getting ready for shoot  Ost Priyanka Karki featuring   Excited. My song! Wuhuuu :) 
Fun! Fun! Fun! Behind the scenes! Photoshoot! My yellow top by subexyabhadel , denim torn shorts by 
I looove the black and white look     
We see our world through rose-tinted sunglasses. Haha. Because then only the world seems fine. Just 
Behind the scenes from a photoshoot. Wearing subexyabhadel hair and make up sakilkunwar  
   
Of appearances :) Wearing subexyabhadel Hair and MUA sakilkunwar 
My baby girl   
   
      
lexlimbu just did :) 
Shooting for a  today    
Shooting in Godavari Botanical Garden. Fun!    
lexlimbu ok. Thats a deal :) 
solo_kc jestha 2 :) 
lexlimbu you are such a darling. Thank you  
subedihema aww. Thank you :) 
rainmysoul thank you  
    
Be your own kind of beautiful    
Still shooting! Its been 28 hrs straight!    
Still shooting  Its going to be an all nighter tonight :)    
My item number from Hasiya. ;) Hope you all will love it. Item, waah, hahahaha.. 
Its a new beginning again. Shooting for 'Shree Paanch Ambare'     
All smiles  
Behind the scenes.    Wearing subexyabhadel Hair and MUA sakilkunwar  
A  shot  
  
    Wearing subexyabhadel. Hair and make up sakilkunwar  
Getting ready for shoot  My hair and make up by sakilkunwar and wardrobe by subexyabhadel 
All the best   ! ICC Twenty20  vs.  
A still picture while shooting.    
WHAT AN AMAZING WIN! Congratulations Team Nepal and thank you for giving us this beautiful win. RESPECT! 
Me as a child         
All set to set the  on  Emceeing SPLASH - HOLI RAIN DANCE PARTY here at  
Releasing Jestha 2, 2071   
MunaThapa6 Thank you  
    Supporting the     for the ICC  
You_Square it is coming to the US :) 
ShreeanshB thank you  
nepcricket11 awww thank you  
solo_kc all the best. Rock it  
 for a       Wearing subexyabhadel  
suminz I heard March 23 :) 
suminz its  
 Supporting the    team  
      
Nishu! Nishu! Nishu  There is never a dull moment with you  
SimplySitoshna awwww thank you  
solo_kc  
hermitrabs Thank you  
Snatcheq awwwwww you  
anupkrk Thank you. You are such a darling :) 
HiraaRai awwww thank you sweetness  
suminz I know its coming march mai. Dates ill let u know soooooon :) 
Shooting. Going Traditional :) Wearing Swornim Rai  
Getting ready for an early morning live interview :) Watch me live at TTV from 9 a.m.    
Of appearances      
 find me on Instagram - priyankakarky :) 
Have you watched it yet?  
Bonding time  Its going to be a beautiful evening!          
Birthday celebration      
Thank you  for your b'day wishes. And all the love. You complete me. Love you all. :-) 
MERO BEST FRIEND, this was supposed to be my debut. Its releasing soon. :) 
Snatcheq MUAAAHHHSSS :D 
Come soon lexlimbu, before all the cakes I have saved for you melt!! :D 
sthanimesh thank you :) 
nissanpokhrel thank you love :) 
ParakramRana  
Resunga12 awwwwwwwwww :) thank you... x 
Mesubaj thank you... :-) 
ParakramRana Jholay is already a hit babe.. its your love... Muahss love.. lt;3 
CastingChhabra :)))) 
solo_kc awwwwwwwww... best gift ever,.... thank you :D 
nissanpokhrel ofcourse I care about you. Thank you  
VarunSJBRana thank you love :* 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! :D 
Kamala ko tarfa bata dherai dherai maya.  is running successfully. :)) My  rock!! 
Nai Nabhannu La 2 trailer :) 
Thank u for all the love, is a big success already. If u hvnt watched it yet,it's playing at a theater near u 
solo_kc THANK YOU SO MUCH. You make me who I am... thank you from the bottom of my heart :) 
nissanpokhrel sending you a big big hug. My arms wide open :) 
nissanpokhrel Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Im blushing now :) 
DrasticEvesh thank you sooo much 
Overwhelming responses! Thank you   now showing! 
Now showing!!  
Civil mall 2 15 show and 5 pm show HOUSEFULL! Thank you!! 2 more shows tonight. 7 45pm Big cinemas, City Centre 8 00 pm Kumari hall, Qfx 
Goodmorning   releasing all over TOMORROW. Who's watching it with me????!!! Let's go together. :) 
 releasing this FRIDAY. So excited. :) 
This is overwhelming. Yayy, everybody's waiting for  Love you  
NepaliEr chaadai aauchhu :) 
ImanBasnet2 Please do watch it... It'd mean a lot.. :) 
 2 days LEFT!!! Who's watching the movie with me? I'll be visiting the halls this Friday, Saturday amp; Sunday. 
lexlimbu I will eat you up one of these days... hahaha, bachera basnu... :* 
Hernu bhayo ki hernu bhako chhaina?  Jestha 2. :) 
Good Morning  only 3 days for  release. Wearing subexyabhadel amp; styled by sayalshrestha22 :)) 
POKHARA premiere of Jholay. Wearing Subexya Bhadel Releasing this friday all over Nepal  
4 MORE DAYS for  official release. Hoping to see my  in the theaters. Who's coming? 
apilbista well then, see you there. :))) Thank you.. 
apilbista All the best for Ritu :) 
LB2Ktm perhaps :) see you :)) 
jyasmin thank you, please do watch the movie huss :) 
BhairabRaj thank you, along with us, you will have to love amp; support us. :) 
leenasapkota1 awwww, you are such a darl :) 
manojthapa2067 with your support, it will :) please watch it :) 
cybersansar fingers crossed.... but need your support :) 
shakya_roshan thank you... please do watch it huss :) 
Thank you GurungKta, means a lot. Please do watch it. :) 
ParakramRana you gotta....chu :* 
sanusbb2 thank you.. please do watch  4 more days for the official release. :) 
Fashbeautybug thank you kind soul.. you are beautiful :) 
Dearaashis thank you.... need your love.. :) 
I LOVE POKHARA!!! 
ParakramRana Thank you baby :) 
Last evening -  PREMIERE in Pokhara. Thank you  for coming. lt;3 
Bholi  ko Pokhara premiere maa ko ko aaunu hudaichha? Shree Krishna Hall, Naya Bazaar, 6 pm onwards. See u. :) 
im_ritika awwwww... :)))) 
BikashAbc Please watch it with your friends amp; family.. releasing all over this Falgun 9. :) 
Today, before the press meet,with Sahanu. premiere tomorrow at Shree Krishna Hall,Naya Bazaar,6 pm onwards.C u 
JustRiwas awwwwwww, this made my night....sending you big love.. :) 
IN POKHARA, judging Miss Gandaki amp; then  premiere tomorrow... Muahhssss 
livelyreshal Thank you :) 
SugarcupSweetie Thank you sweetestestest :)) :* 
Megha premiere :) Wearing subexyabhadel :-) How are my   releasing this Falgun 9. :) 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY  :)  
MrNakulPatel thank you love... :))) 
POKHARA HERE I COME.  premiere this Falgun 4. :) 
A valentine gift for you  Let me know what you think.  releasing this Jestha 2. :) 
Dharan premiere of  styled by SayalShrestha22 amp; my fab outfit by subexyabhadel... Love you both... :) 
With my favorite co-star Daya. I love him to bits.  promotions in Dharan. Now back to Kathmandu. :) 
:) 
INSTAGRAM ID - priyankakarky REMINDER. :) HEHE 
Interesting!! 
Hey nissanpokhrel, chill.... I am just busy, nothing like that.. will talk to you soon huss.... take care love. :) 
I meant *charity :))) 
Having a ball in Dharan. Ran for DharanRun for children. Promoting Jholay. Chairty show at 6pm at Ganesh Talkies. :) 
Fashbeautybug thanks beautiful... :))) 
PoojaMcFlyLFC Thank you so much love.. :) 
lexlimbu Lexi, thankuuuuu.... :-* 
Pokharel_Jee ma  Concert ko laagi gayeko.. Not for NEFTA... :) 
Leaving for Dharan for Jholay's premiere tomorrow at Ganesh Talkies. Starting from 6 pm. Will see you all there? :) 
My Instagram ID - priyankakarky :) 
Will make it up to u all soon. Doing a Twitter Qamp;A this coming Tuesday. Better than the last time,I promise. :) Muahs, off to  set! 
I am so sorry  this month has been super hectic. Traveling, shooting, performing. Sorry for not keeping in touch. 
deotech thank you for coming :) 
SayalShrestha22 Amoina cuteness you. Its our love :) 
Oh, I remember this. lexlimbu, I'm hooked to my features by you. :P 
Let me know what you think :) 
Thank you for the feature lexlimbu lt;3 
CastingChhabra take care :) 
Last day of  and tomorrow I start shooting for   
I will eat you up one of these days. parakramrana 
Punte Parade :) 
Great music, and a warm bed to sleep after a long tiring day on sets. Feeling blessed. Goodnight. :) 
rojisha77 always :) 
Shoutout to rojisha77 :) Follow her  Miss Nepal Earth 2013, I love the fact that she's a dreamer. Welcome to Twitter. :) 
Thank you TGIF for the feature. :) 
   SayalShrestha22 :) 
AsmitCFC so sorry... next time, we will meet.. :) goodnight 
nomad_y happy new year :) 
imDchhetri awwwwwwwwwww... you are so cute,,, thank you and shine on you... 
MrNakulPatel soon babe soon... Happy New Year to you too.. Shine on,.. :) 
MunaThapa6 awwww, you are beautiful... thank you.. need your love.. :) 
sahilsuperboy thank you amp; likewise.. :) 
ayacs_asis :) 
khd_khdk thank you, and HNY :) 
rumblefish01 Haven't forgotten you.. just got busy.. Happy New year.. keep rocking.. :) 
nissanpokhrel Rock this year you.. :) 
bebo_grg thank you so much cuteness :) 
hufrien Please watch it huss,,, thank you... saathi bhai purai pariwaar sanga hernu holaa :) 
nissanpokhrel Happy Birthday in advance,.. XO 
nissanpokhrel Muahhssssssssss 
MeSriju Thank you so much.. please watch it.. releasing soon.. sabai sanga gayera hernu huss.. :) 
killbill1113 awwwww, let's watch it then.. :) 
sanusbb2 awwwwww 
brabim7 Sorry for not hearing.. I was with my mom.. :) 
kumarkarki374 Thank you so much amp; HNY to you too.. :) 
Better late than never.  :)    :) 
HiraaRai Thank you so much... means a lot.. :) 
pan_kaji lexlimbu awwww,, hahahahaha cuteness 
AsmitCFC laa ho... aile ta Kathmandu aaisake.. :) 
Jimibrownn great.. yours? :) 
Sushantthapa12 hernai parchha haii ta,,, :) 
subexyabhadel, you always make me shine. From today's shoot for Dabur Herbal Gel Toothpaste. :) 
khd_khdk Thank you darling. Merry Christmas to you too :) 
HiraaRai Thank you. Merry Christmas to you too :) 
AdhikariKshitiz yup, its me :) 
Girly_Butera Thank you love. Merry Christmas to you too  
looz_kid lexlimbu you'll find out once you see the movie :p 
lexlimbu Thank you :) 
SayalShrestha22 amp; I, we wish you a Merry Christmas.  
AdhikariAbhigya I miss you toooo :( 
sanusbb2 Awwwww :) thank you lt;3 
Kisses :* 
Thank you for all the love. :)   
notoncewright its a behind the scene photo... Photoshoot maa estai make up hunchha .. :) 
Will never stop dreaming, and believing. :) 
Don't use bitterness on your parents. They dreamed small so that you can dream big. 
LB2Ktm amoinaaa, thank you... sending you love... 
sanjitshresth samay ko maag ho.. :P 
GurungKta so do you :D 
BbKingK thank you ji :) 
DSah19 :D 
npPoet ???? 
Sushantthapa12 thank you :) Hope you watch it in theaters.. Falgun 9 gatey :) 
Sushantthapa12 but I love it.. :) 
meaastha kind of.. heheh 
MBUSH_GAMES your best wishes mean a lot to me.. :) 
pulpfiction69 couldn't agree more.. :D 
perceivestruth thank you so much.. :) 
Swiftioner_Me Girly_Butera I will say it, I followed her. :) 
Swiftioner_Me awwww, you are so kind... thank you so much.. the secret is, "be yourself, be nice." lt;3 
Jimibrownn thank you so much.. Renasha Rai is a fab choreographer.. :) 
lexlimbu hehehehe,.,.... but I have a complaint... everyone is pretty and hot, and I am the chalakh.. :P Muahsss 
First look of the item song "Haath Ma", from the movie Hasiya. Ps, it's a candid photo, so don't make fun of me :P 
sthanimesh there's nothing. :( 
sthanimesh true :) 
pulpfiction69 :)) 
gautam_shalu awwwwww, I am so stoked. :))) Thank you... 
2014 - My only priority will be WORK! 
Never enough :) 
 poster. Excited for the release. Falgun 9. Love it  Goodnight. :) 
 my nexy release. Falgun 9 gatey... Watch amp; give me your honest feedbacks. :) 
Shiva Regmi dai ko aatma le shanti paaos. 
Hosting Bindabasini Music Awards with Suraj Singh Thakuri. I'm wearing  beautiful sari. :) 
WINTER IS AWESOME, but I am a SUMMER GIRL. :) 
MrNakulPatel kisses xx 
rthapaliya3 hahahahahahahahah 
    :) 
deepacerai thank you :) 
excited :)) 
Expressions.  What's up  :) 
osti_roma awwwww, thank you. :) 
Fashbeautybug subexyabhadel SayalShrestha22 thank you beautiful :) 
Muahhhssssssssss :* ;) 
LIKE LOVE SHARE amp; SUPPORT. The cutest subexyabhadel 
Today's cake mixing with my bestests subexyabhadel amp; Malina. :) 
Will be at Everest Hotel at 1 pm for cake mixing. Hmmm, Xmas is around the corner. :)) 
Tonight at 9 pm, Heart to Heart with my  on Facebook. Here - 
My 1st look yesterday emceeing for Mohit Chauhan-Live in Nepal.Thank u subexyabhadel, SayalShrestha22 amp; Sophie. :) 
Yesterday. My fab outfit by subexyabhadel, styled by SayalShrestha22 and Hair amp; MUA - Sophie Gurung. :) 
With my co-host Sanjay Gupta. You were amazing love. :) 
Thank you  for coming and having fun with us. A night to remember. I will keep it safe in my memories till the end of time. 
Thank you Nepal Army Wives Association amp; The Premiere Events.Thank u subexyabhadel, SayalShrestha22 amp; sophie for making me feel beautiful. 
Last evening,'Mohit Chauhan-live in Nepal' was such a success.Loved every bit of it. Wish it never ended. Thank you  for coming. 
atuldahal next year :) 
The only official one :) 
 - Dark Comedy, my next release. Falgun 9, 2070 :) Good morning  :) 
sanusbb2 I am emceeing. :) 
KhembhaiKhem hahahahahahahaha 
shakunofficial XO 
Kazibasnet I am emceeing. hahahaha 
sthanimesh Yayyyy :) 
Mohit Chauhan - Live in Nepal, this Saturday :) I am emceeing, who's coming? 
MrNakulPatel awwwwww, congratulations!!! 
Shooting at Hattiban Resort :) Bliss! 
Woman of substance shivanitharu , she is awe-inspiring. Much love amp; respect. :) 
Hehe, we are in the news  :) 
Last night was fun. So amazing. Woke up with the biggest smile. :) thank you  Let's do it again, soon. Kisses. 
Aandhikhola a modern girl with a simple grounded heart :) 
LB2Ktm 5'6.5 
Apoorva_Jung People. heheh. :) And snakes. :) 
NaSh_ReDdEviL thanks and it's a secret. When the time is right, announcements will be made. :P 
Viperanish hey :) 
SukdevNepal hello :) 
tweetme_nav so overwhelming, thank you so much Naveen. God bless you too. :) 
angelspriha hugs back :) 
puspatiwari maybe after 5 years :) 
BeepYin Salman Khan definitely. :) 
zsrestha maybe, someday :) 
suraz_stha huss :) 
bipgrg Sure, thank you so much for the love. Stay safe :) 
ryuzakitamu so are you :) 
Kazibasnet hmmmmmm do I or do I not? :) 
Pradiplamichha9 muahs :) 
livelyreshal All the Meryl Streep movies. :))) 
shaketadh work work and constant work. My babygirl Snowie, my family amp; friends. :) 
ushrestha02 awwwww, thank you so much. You are beautiful. And humility is the best thing a person can have. :) 
thenabin thank you.. and you too :) 
khd_khdk Pretty :) 
avinshankar be yourself, be nice :) 
player182 Ryan Gosling, if that counts.. :) 
KhadkaKop yes, when I am with my friends.. occasionally :) 
rumblefish01 I will let you know when I get to experience either one of them... :) 
khaklyaksoltee Personal.. if everything at home is fine, my work should be fine as well.. :) 
AdhikariAbhigya I hv a high tolerance level. :) bt they aren't bad people, they just dnt like me. so it's fine... I hv pp who love me too.. 
n_sandesh2010 salry kahile pani bhannu hunna hehehehe 
TheNepal Ron Weasly.. he is too adorable :0 
angelspriha muaahhhss :) 
alnewzane I watch it sometime... not regularly.. I like Gauhar.. :) No, I wouldn't want to go to Big Boss.. At least, not now! :) 
bhishan007 laaa, how do I tell you? i play a prostitute.. :) 
Aandhikhola nope, as many questions as you want :) 
GreatNepal bhishan007 Yes :) 
AdhikariAbhigya laaa... why? 
bidis02 ManUtd :) 
LB2Ktm sending you my good wishes too.. thank you :) 
linkin_avs hahahahaha, amoinaa... muahs 
snischhal laaaa ..hahahah.. shh.. haami dui jana ko secret huss :) 
rakeshshresth hello :) 
Apoorva_Jung Batman.. he is a self made superhero :) 
mr_robinsharma Titanic :) 
nab33nn no, not really.. I know my limits.. :) 
PeeyushKaul how do I send it to you from here? :))) 
angelspriha me too.. kisses.. :) 
alnewzane I work out... and I don't eat junk that much.. I still think that I am not that fit.. muahss 
sagar_shre I was quite familiar with the scene here.. so it was not that difficult.. :) 
nepsnup awwww thank you so much,.,,, you are so sweet :) 
puruad nab33nn dhanyabaad :) dherai dherai :) 
avinshankar musical band, hmmm.... Maybe Backstreet Boys back then, I like OneRepublic, Paramore too.. :) 
s_tamang86 :))) 
sanusbb2 shakunofficial go ahead :) 
GurungKta of course you can.. :) 
pulpfiction69 :) 
NepRitesh aaudaina :( Facebook messages haru aauchha.. hahaha 
n1varp Hi :))) I am trying to answer all the questions :) 
sazanrjb In a movie, Saugat Malla :) have done a music video with him :) And also, Rekha Thapa and Rajesh Hamal ji.. 
LenisKhadge aghi nai khaayeko.. ma jahile dinner early garchhu :) 
Sajjanutsuk thank you :)) 
mr_robinsharma I will defintiely.. ":) 
GurungKta Priyanka Karki, prinku, dancing,laughing,negativity, red,white,spaghetti, bandipur, evry movie I've done, I am a true Piscean, :) 
PkcKc :)))) 
n_sandesh2010 Noooooooo... Jholay is nothing like TDP... hahaha.. :) 
mr_robinsharma Meryl Streep :) 
deodharmendra thank you.., I love that song too :) 
pulpfiction69 I can't tell anything as of now.. :) 
mr_robinsharma I love all Meryl Streep movies, and I am sucker for romance so give me anything romantic, I'll watch it.. 
kharel_mohit In Nepal, Bandipur :) 
LB2Ktm not for the next 5 years... 
Apoorva_Jung YUSSS!! 
alnewzane love Indian food.. and Italian.. I am a pizza, spaghetti gal.. :) 
A huge shoutout to shakunofficial.. this pretty babe.. Love.. :) 
AdhikariAbhigya Family hands down! 
snischhal thank you though.. love 
snischhal what? I was crying in the event? shit.. heheh :) 
LB2Ktm you can work on it... :) 
nab33nn aafulai maya garney manchhe haru ko laagi time nikaaleko :) 
bhishan007 Have done my bachelors in filmmaking, acting and make-up.. yes, of course it has helped me a lot... thank God :) 
angelspriha Love, Equality amp; Health :) I wish I'd never grown up, my childhood was dreamy :) love everything abt it.. :) 
sujanstha26 hmmmm I don't know.. hehehe 
KhadkaKop Yes, I love watching football too. :) 
bhaskardhakal It all starts with u, even the ugliness.. if u r too obnoxious, then you wnt b liked.. so love is what makes it big here.. :) 
haunted_priest has danced in my song... in front of hundreds of people.. :) 
TheNepal Punctuality... and a little bit of professionalism wouldn't hurt.. :) 
AdhikariAbhigya LB2Ktm I am just a normal girl at the end of the day.. :) 
LB2Ktm confidence is the key, height, good physique, and a great personality.. :) 
alnewzane no, ask as much as you want hehehehehe 
Jimibrownn I just want to know you guys better.. and also, be more internet savvy :) hehe 
ShreeanshB you are so sweeeet.. thank you love.. :) 
khaklyaksoltee I will defintiely.. tholly :) 
snischhal teh inner happiness just shows.. when I am sad, I don't look pretty.. hehe 
PeeyushKaul hahahahaha, I am sure you wouldn't wanna know... :) no dirty talk please :p 
GreatNepal awwwwwwww.... how nice are you... sending you love.. :) 
khaklyaksoltee no, this is where I always wanted to be.. I just went to US to learn acting amp; direction :) 
khaklyaksoltee You, Abigya, and there are many... sabai jana ko facebook name different chha so.. 
bipgrg done by me.. :) 
linkin_avs HOLLYWOOD yessssss heheheh 
ShresthaSasha to work hard towards your dreams... don't stop because somebody is judging you.. :) 
PkcKc There are many.. but I think it's Rajesh Hamal.. we know him as the ultimate Superstar :) 
pulpfiction69 hi :) 
electric_mesh hmmm.... I don't know 'blushing' 
Ankur_joshi01 Prinku amp; Rose :) 
haunted_priest birthday :) Why? because God gave me a life on that day.. :) 
GurungKta awwwwwwww... cuteness :) 
LenisKhadge sanchai chhu... hajur? :) 
s_tamang86 Patience :) 
NepRitesh I have cried nonstop... felt the character so much... hahahaha 
iam_aadesh Let me know after you watch it :) 
newamisha92 my parents, friends and my  :) 
PranavUpadhyaya so are you.. :) 
linkin_avs Ryan Gosling definitely.. or Marilyn Monroe if she could come back again :) 
khaklyaksoltee and I will be very cheesy yet true, the love I get from you guys.. also, my parents' genes... hehe 
alnewzane muaaaaahhhsss :D 
LB2Ktm Definitely, I am such a romantic. I used to fall in love so easily. Those were just crushes though :) 
iam_aadesh thank you so much :)) 
rumblefish01 yes I will follow him/her back.. :) that's all I can do as of now :( 
iam_aadesh It's a mystery.. :P 
iam_aadesh the positivity I surround myself with.. and all the love I get from my  
haunted_priest Travel the first month and spend some quality time with my family in the other month.. :) 
pankaj0213 Hrithik Roshan, Leonardo DiCaprio, Sandra Bullock, Meryl Streep, Vidya Balan, Priyanka CHopra, George Clooney.. 
sanusbb2 this was a childhood dream.. i am living it up. :) There's nothing that i would do.. :) 
PeeyushKaul skinny dipping.. hehehehe 
haunted_priest I would want equality in everything... I would erase all the negativities and negative words.. everyone would be equal.. 
Aandhikhola Childhood dream... I used to love dancing... and acting came along.. :) 
sujanstha26 kura gardai chhu... prashna sodhnus.. :) 
AdhikariAbhigya It's totally unfair babu.. :) Take your stand, tell them you don't deserve to be hurt. smile now. :) 
hufrien alnewzane hi :) 
GreatNepal we were planning to work together.. we are waiting for something really good.. :) 
meuzol hey ujju :P 
BaDaLbaIDaR thank you :) 
anupink16 hahahaha, do i? :) thank you anyways... :) 
Imprwnsi I am fine, thank you for asking. How are you? 
alnewzane awwww, thank you.. miles to go.. your love will definitely help.. :) 
bhaskardhakal 5.5 :) 
meuzol Close Up ho :) hehe 
Qamp; A STARTS NOW!!! BRING IT ON!!! hehehehehehe 
anupink16 Jholay, Aawaran, Niraanjana.. :) 
tweetdipesh uff.. 
anupink16 I am great, thank you for asking. Hope you are too. :) 
alnewzane Love Priyanka Chopra, Vidya Balan, and Hrithik Roshan amp; Salman Khan.. :) 
NepRitesh Darpan Chhaya :) 
sanusbb2 awwwwww :D 
pankaj0213 Casablanca, Meryl Streep movies, Darpan Chhaya, Kusume Rumal, DDLJ :) 
tweetdipesh hahahahahah so bad!!! 
pankaj0213 na aah... 8 minutes to go :) :P 
10 MINUTES TO GO FOR THE Qamp;A WITH ME. ARE YOU READY  I AM. Bring it on! 
brabim7 Question amp; Answer. You ask, I answer. Join me, tonight at 9 PM. On Twitter. :) 
4 HOURS TO GO for the Qamp;A WITH ME. EXCITED!!  
        
jamirmaharjan  
jamirmaharjan 9 pm. :) 
9 PM, Qamp; A WITH ME. :) Will follow back 5  who will ask the best questions. RT please. :) 
So tonight is the night, Qamp;A with ME. :) Nervous, be nice to me. I will follow back 5  who are good with their questions. RT! 
khd_khdk you are pretty too.. :) thank you.. xx 
kenushale muahsss :) 
Sharmanissan The Qamp;A is tonight at 9 pm. Will answer all of your questions then. :) 
Mohit Chauhan - Live in Nepal, go to this page for more details. I am emceeing the show. :) 
GurungKta amoinaaa... sending you my heart :) 
I am fine with answering other questions. :) Be nice to me. I am super nervous. Hehe... :))) Tomorrow, 9 pm. Qamp;A with ME! 
The Qamp;A I am conducting is basically to know each other better. Pls refrain from asking super personal questions.I trust my  :) 
TheNepal you ask, I answer. :) 
REMINDER: We have a Twitter Qamp;A tomorrow at 9 pm. :) Goodnight  :) 
osti_roma Thank you so muvh love...means a lot. Muahs 
Hi love asthamusic, I am a big fan of you amp; your music. Never stop. Respect. :) 
asthamusic cute :) 
The reason I love him so much. LeoDiCaprio, thank you. Our tigers are a bit safer now. 
Haha, amoina, my  are too cute.They can't even wait for Monday. hehe, Monday is the night huss. Aaja thhakeko chhu. Night. :) 
deepu069 Niranjana :) 
kalshidb thank you :) 
PeeyushKaul you'll have to wait and watch the film. ;) 
angelspriha Let's meet soon then. Hehe. Amoina, thank you so much forthe love. I am stoked. Love you. 
pan_kaji you are sweet panku :) 
THE CHAT IS ON MONDAY. TODAY IS SATURDAY. TWO DAYS LEFT. AT 9 PM. I'm ready to answer all your questions. Meet u then, tk care of urself. :) 
Monday 9 pm, let's have a Twitter chat. What say  Let's spread the word. I wanna get to know you all better. Love you. :) 
He plays my son in my upcoming movie. Anubhav, the cutest thing.  
NaSh_ReDdEviL hahah, amoina... that's utterly flattering.:) 
Or can they? 
dg_no_9 testo garna kaha paainchha.yo haamro adhikar ho,ani jo haamilai sahi lagchha, waha le nai vote paauchha.for me it's Gagan Thapa :) 
dg_no_9 kina? bhanna mildaina ho? :) 
mynepal00 I will let you know ek chhin maa ;) 
mynepal00 why? :( 
So who are you voting for or who did you vote for? tell me.. :) 
PrachandaNepal hahahahahahahah.... 
Lets vote for a better NEPAL!!! Elections tomorrow!! I am voting! Are you  
brabim7 xoxo... you're sweet. :) 
ssureiz see it for yourself SayalShrestha22 :) 
bhyakutoDADA I don't like the word FANS. So I call them all my  :) 
brabim7 and that was a well written column.. :) 
brabim7 prabalgurung I don't know about others, but to me, anything that makes me feel beautiful is fashion. :) 
prashantintel beauitful.. loved the movie.. Did you like it? :) 
BeingPrabesh hmmm.. :) 
ParshuParshu awwwwww... you rock. :)) 
Huge shoutout to SayalShrestha22 for his new venture UnravelMag :) I am sure it's going to be worth it!  follow the mag. x. 
ParshuParshu thank you so much... sending you love. :) 
Watched  today. Beautiful. Goodnight  :) Ps, this photo is not from today. :P 
I want to play an animated character amp; I want to look like this when I do. Ps,this is the animated version of me. 
JustRiwas I am the emcee of the show, so I would definitely promote the show I am a part of. 
pulpfiction69 I am all smiles. :) 
ssureiz Hi there :) thank you so much. x 
r_zit _MohitChauhan see you :) 
bhyakutoDADA it's on 30th of November, so please come. :) 
rakeshshresth Please do come. :) 
I AM EMCEEING _MohitChauhan - LIVE IN KATHMANDU on 30th November, Tudikhel. So who's coming? :) 
Grown_rage Hi there :) Thank you. 
kim_subba namaste :) 
arjbasnet hahahahahahahahahaha, aba pheri  lagaaunus :)) 
subedihema HancySudhan awwwww Hema, how kind are you with your words. Sending you my heart :) 
bhaskardhakal wonderful, isn't it? :)  
bhaskardhakal Army-Maoist conflict ma jati pani army haruko nidhan bhayeko thhyo, waha haruko bachcha haruko lagi schoolo kholidaichha :) 
alaras28 I know.... The biggest tragedy of life. :) 
bhaskardhakal It's a charity show.You'll be helping in building a child's future. Come. :( 
Go to this link for more details on Mohit Chauhan's concert  :) 
And they also have Nima Rumba, Joint Family Internationale, etc. performing. How cool! Can't wait. 30th November, come soon. :) 
Mohit Chauhan - Live in Kathmandu, 30th November, are you excited? I Am. :) 
nissanpokhrel a big muaaaaaaaahhhh :D 
Everybody deserves to be happy. Life shouldn't be kind to one and vicious to other!! 
notoncewright awwww, how sweet! :)))) 
Good things are happening, and I feel blessed. :) 
Fashbeautybug muahs :) 
What do you think of this CastingChhabra? :))) And how are you? x 
MeChupchap :) 
NaSh_ReDdEviL hahahah, good one. Thank you devil :D 
kenushale thank you heepoo.. cute name xx 
im_ritika muahs :) 
New ad for  :) Kishor Kayastha photography, Hair amp; MUA - Sakil Kunwar Like or love it  :) 
rumblefish01 :( 
rumblefish01 Hi there... take care.. love x 
hahahahahaha livelyreshal 
arjbasnet hahahaHAHAHAHAHHA 
Parasian77 xx 
pulpfiction69 awwwwww thank you 
SukdevNepal :) 
LB2Ktm HI :)) 
_justice4the96 tweetdipesh I know..hehehe... but really? Was he always this rude? :p 
maya gardaa naatak hunchha bhaney, ma naatak garna hardam taiyaar tweetdipesh :) 
Amoinaaa, sending you all my love subedihema kisses. 
tweetdipesh :( 
What's up  Sending you my love. Sorry that I haven't been active here. xx 
Thank you meaastha :) You're sweet :) 
CastingChhabra hehe.. how's your diwali so far? 
Happy Diwali CastingChhabra, wishing you best things. Devi Laxmi aapse prasanna ho. :) 
Bishal_Babu Thanky uo so much, and happy Tihar to you and family too. :) 
rblionel May Goddess Laxmi always bless you and your family. :) 
r_zit Happy Tihar bhai. :) Thank you... :) 
Parasian77 Happy Tihar :) 
rakeshshresth Happy Tihar :) 
subedihema Happy Tihar to you and family too. And thank you love. :) 
Thank you nissanpokhrel. May Goddess Laxmi always be in your favor. :) 
HAPPY TIHAR TO ALL MY  , LOVE YOU ALL :) 
 Styled by SayalShrestha22 , Hair amp; MUA - Skail Kunwar :) 
GurungKta Thank you :) Happy Tihar :) 
PrachandaNepal Bholi ho tika, aaja invite gardaichhu, please aaunus huss. :P 
Happy Birthday SayalShrestha22 , you are the most gorgeous being I know amp; I love you to bits. :) 
Insomnia Attack!!!! 
sthakshitiz thank you... Your love makes me who I am :)) 
Awwww, you own a big piece of my heart. Love you  nissanpokhrel :) 
notoncewright hahahahaha, you are cute! :) 
castingchhabra let me know what you think about it. :)) Will be waiting. 
John Mayer's songs make me happy. :) 
Goodnight  :) Dream BIG, dream beautiful. Love you all. 
subedihema awwwww.. keep loving me, I will keep making you all proud.. goodnight :) 
Karishma di, Rekha di, Nishu amp; Me, yesterday at HTV D Cine Awards. :))) 
Thank you subedihema :) 
V_o_d_k_a__ you are amazingly nice :) 
BimlaG Thank you :) 
Awwww, this is so adorable!! 
AdhikariAbhigya Thank you... my heart just smiled :) 
joe_f310 :) 
iraamu thank you so much :))) love 
GurungKta and you all are always in my heart :) 
SukdevNepal hahahaha, I won't.. I am such a lover.. But people have betrayed this heart of mine. :) 
pulpfiction69 the irony of life :) 
From yesterday's award ceremony. Thank you subexyabhadel for the beautiful gown. Love you. :) 
CastingChhabra ji, did you get my mail? :)) Let me know. Waiting. Hehe.. 
We move on, with our heads held high. Dignified! Good day  :) 
iraamu I am back in town... it's been more than a week now :)) 
SachinAcharya13 :)))) 
DahalSmriti thanks for the love bahini... aba ma ekchhin maa ghar jaanchhu... sending u my love :)) 
V_o_d_k_a__ :D :D 
iraamu hello Ramu :))) 
bhim_pokhrel CastingChhabra hahaahah, you asked, I answered.. all clear now? Goodnight :) 
Those are quintessential BikashAbc :))) 
bhim_pokhrel CastingChhabra it's bad to interfere... and nothing's happening... silly ... hahahah 
BikashAbc hahahahahahahahhahah thank you :D 
CastingChhabra thank heavens :P this is a promise, you will get the mail by tonight.. :)) 
CastingChhabra are you mad at me? ;) 
CastingChhabra how are you by the way? Hope all's well :) 
I owe you one :) CastingChhabra 
Weird things are happening, I am sorry for delaying it. I promise u, you will get it by tonight. Thank u for being patient CastingChhabra 
_teeshay_ tired :) 
Will definitely watch it nissanpokhrel :) 
BikashAbc retweeted again... double happiness :D thank you for the love, you are kind :) 
You are the best DahalSmriti and my fab gown was by subexyabhadel , I did my own hair amp; make-up hehehe 
Eh eh now I remember DahalSmriti, timile seto lugaa lagaayeko thhyou.. You looked pretty :) 
DahalSmriti awwwww, kina naboleko ta... maiel dekheko bhaye ma aafai bolthhe :) Arko palta bolnu huss bahini :) and thank you x 
So much love and support.... I am the luckiest one... MY SWEETHEARTS ARE THE BESTESTESTESTEST!!!! 
BikashAbc awwww, thank you so much.. :) 
brabim7 haiii... malai pani testai laagchha :) 
PoojaMcFlyLFC Oops I meant SUPERGIRL :) 
PoojaMcFlyLFC Thank you my sueprgirl :) 
brabim7 because I genuinely love you all.. you all are the reason of my being :) 
And sometimes, well most of the times, things are funny. So you just laugh it off. Love you all. :))) 
 your love has made me who I am. So what if I didn't win today, I have miles to go. Hope I didn't let you down. :) 
Today is Digital Cine Awards amp; I'm nominated for Best Debutante. Send all ur love amp; luck. Hope I can make you all proud.  
Like it  One of my favorite photos. :))) Yawnnnnn, tired!! Goodnight xx 
imdchhetri I'm all good, hope you are well too. :) 
Here you go  nissanpokhrel ... Love. X. 
Thank you so much sweetness :) meaastha 
Hey _teeshay_ , some things must be buried inside our hearts. Must. :) 
poudeldipesh hey, I usually go to Buzz, or Embers. :) 
Please donate, and help these children watch Krrish 3. Be their superhero. :) 
Things I'll never say.................... 
Overwhelming responses from yesterday's charity show of  This heart of mine is beyond happy. :D 
One of favorite photos of me. :) For Vivacity Magazine.  
Aren't you all excited for this? Mohit Chauhan in Nepal. I AM. :) 
nissanpokhrel Hi there :) 
meaastha Thank you :)) 
castingchhabra did you get my mail? Hope you're well. :) 
notoncewright kailashbuki this is nt sung by a pro. And he did it jst out of passion. It's made to enjoy. :) 
 Kathmandu. :)) 
castingchhabra thanks. will email you asap. :) Goodnight. xx 
castingchhabra try sending me something here... DM me.. So tht I can dm u back.. Let's see if it works. :) 
castingchhabra I already did. Did you not get the msgs? Shit, I feel stupid. Pls check once. :) 
mrnakulpatel it's beautiful. And sending u my best wishes. Live it up boy! xx 
lexlimbu my day will come. Sooooooon. You wait! Hmph!! And thanks. Ciao love. xx 
lexlimbu Kollywood's going to Australia Nov maa..maybe.. Come soon, amp; we'll watch it together. Huss. xx. 
lexlimbu don't mk it news, bt chha ta dherai clones haru, :P hahaha.. Kidding. Idk what to do! 
lexlimbu uff nakkaley!Hehe,Suntali sakyo.8 scripts r waitin to b read.Lets c k hunchha. :)Aru projects haru chha,I cnt talk abt em nw. 
Killer fun!! Pls tell me you're jealous lexlimbu. :P Farkiney bittikai tons of work.  :P 
lexlimbu farkeo chhaina.. Friday farkiney.. Dhaateko ;) :P I danced in Kollywood ko geet, and some old songs. 
PK's great. Just got back from Doha. Had a show there. What's great on your side mrnakulpatel? Tell me. :) 
lexlimbu priyankachopra God of Evil!!! :( I will meet them all, and take better photos amp; show you. wait amp; watch!  
mrnakulpatel what's on yours? ;) 
lexlimbu britneyspears hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahaha (evil laugh) :D 
pan_kaji to tell you the truth, I'm not really crazy about Instagram. :) 
lexlimbu britneyspears Hopefully...natra ta ma jaanchhu jaanchhu....amp; I won't even call you.  :P 
castingchhabra needed to DM you, or email you. May I know how? :) 
pan_kaji Prinklebell :) 
castingchhabra truer words have seldom been spoken. :) 
lexlimbu been loving britneyspears for god knows how long, and never even got a glimpse of her. Stab me! 
Lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala (me singing) :D 
toshyamk Yayy, that'd be awesome. But don't feel pressurized, ramrari plan banaunus. Dates haru clash hunasakchha. :) 
karom_opc that's my birthdate, thought you'd asked. Guess you deleted the tweet. 
What's up  Been long, we haven't had a chat. How about day after tomorrow?  
So lexlimbu got to meet britneyspears. NO. I. AM. NOT. GREEN. WITH. JEALOUSY. NO. 
The show was a major success. Thank you my  :) Love you all. X. 
Thank you deepu069 for the undying love. Sending you my love back. :) 
Happy Dashain to you too nppoet. May Goddess Durga bless you with the best things. :) 
nppoet we did that when I endorsed Close Up amp; Sunsilk. Aile ta there's no time plus ads haru pahila jasto creative hundaina. :( 
nppoet haha, that'd be creepy I guess. Doing that myself. Hehehe.. :P 
sksamir3164 awwww, thank you so much for the love. Keep it coming. :) 
Lucky you lexlimbu. Both I looooooveeee!! 
nppoet :) 
kundadixit deepakadk sanjogdutta Humbled to be reading such lovely words amp; wishes. Honored, again. Thank you. :) 
bbkingk awwwwww... 
sanjogdutta deepakadk kundadixit mero tarfa bata pani sabai lai dherai dherai subhakamana :) 
aye_itssandy you are so pretty  ;) xx 
And thank you my  for always wishing me well. Just know that this heart of mine belongs to you all. :) 
toshyamk Dubai ta aaudina hola yespali, aba chaadai kei paryo bhaney aauchhu huss. Happy Dashain. :) 
toshyamk maybe she was in a bad mood, natra bhaney she is so cool. :) 
Haamra Nepali dajubhai tathaa didibahini sabai bhanda pyaara chha. Nepali mann. :) 
And to my  I love you all, Happy Tika, may God bless you all. X. 
Doha maa dherai maya payeko karan tika ko din maa pani ghar ko nyasro laageko chhaina. :) 
Off to Doha  :) Happy Dashain amp; stay safe. Kisses. :) 
kailashbuki Thank you. :) May you always be as happy as you are.  
   !!  
anan_stha like your Twitter name, you are DUMB! Hahaha. This 'blue' is sadness. Goodnight! 
Midnight Blues!! 
achlochan HAPPY BIRTHDAY. MAY YOU GET EVERYTHING YOU WISH FOR. (GOOD THINGS) ;) Have fun xx 
UTbhupendra rajballav Chitwanko rajesh_hamal KekiAdhikary Happy Dashain :) 
Thank you  for liking the video. Goodnight for now. Revel in the moment. :) (Amanda Chapman Photography) 
cjan_05 I will. Very soon. :) 
phoonsookwangd1 ahahahahahahahha 
TheNepal No I don't. That's the sad part. I have but it's closed, I don't know why. :( 
rajballav Chitwanko rajesh_hamal KekiAdhikary May this Dashain bring you all the joy in the world. And thank you. :) 
 is abt get wrapped up. My heart's heavy. I'll miss the crew, miss Bandipur. So many memories made. Beautiful! 
thenepal so you make websites too...? Make one for me also ;) 
dhakalmailo Hi. Hajur milchha, tara kasari? :) 
 here's the video starring me amp; Saugat Malla, directed by Nikesh Khadka. Hope u like it. :) 
capeel99 happy dashain to you too.. God bless. :) 
brabim7 Happy Dashain to you too. :) 
kzanitareena what is it actually? Sorry, couldn't open the link. :) 
fashbeautybug sayalshrestha22 awwww, you are lovely. Thank you. :) 
fashbeautybug sayalshrestha22 isn't he lovely? :) 
I'll be in Doha, Qatar on 14th October for an event. Who's coming?  x 
thenepal britneysnepal Britney is my favorite artist. One of the biggest popstars. Love her totally. 
SukdevNepal awwwww 
kim_subba all good, how are you? :) 
SukdevNepal hope you like them :) 
rumblefish01 you are so sweet :) 
britneysnepal thank you amp; you know what, Britney Spears lives in my heart. Love her. :)) 
LB2Ktm your kind words mean a lot. Thank you. :) 
Send Malina all the love amp; luck. You go girl. :) 
So before sleeping, share this vid amp; spread the word. Malina Joshi is represnting Nepali in miss asia pacific :) 
rabinchapagain2 your best wishes, I need the most. Thank you, night. :) 
greatnepal :)) 
KZanitareena soon love soon :) keep the love coming.. :) 
LB2Ktm who else but me. :) 
pralpras happy dashain to you too :) 
PrachandaNepal ahahahahahahahhahahhahahah 
Goodnight  :))) 
Karom_opc 27th Feb :) 
sonu_acharya thank you so much. You are pretty too. :) 
Thank you everyone who liked the video. :)) 
Mero Trendsetters ko performance :) 
soip07 hey,I know one Sandhya from TV Filmy. But I don't her last name. Next time I meet her, I'll ask. :) 
Pan_kaji and that's my photo that I tattoed fyi :) 
Pan_kaji permanent.....hahahaha.... you actually did this :) 
 my new music video. enjoy. :) 
soip07 ahuh, I'm sorry, maile chinnai sakena. Photo dekhe bhaney chinchhu ki :) 
soip07 I don't know who Sandhya Kc is. Ko ho? :) 
If you didn't know, here's NamrataaS on Twitter. Welcome her. :) 
Here's a photo I love, with my favorite didi.. Love you Vika di.. :) 
    :) 
Dashain aayo. Aaja Ghatasthapana. :))) Yayyyy 
I won't be brought down. And I won't let you all down. Goodnight. :) 
b_flyer huss. Thank you. Hahahaha.. 
breakbenz thanks to the 'blushes', you look prettier. :p Okay, goodnight sweets. :) 
suzinmhz I definitely am. Thanks for noticing. :) 
breakbenz you are gorgeous too ;) 
:) I am a normal girl before anything. Stay sweet brabim7. Humility rocks. 
Dear phoonsookwangd1 amp; LB2Ktm, you guys are the sweetest  Love. :) 
imdchhetri yes, I am in that song. :) Goodnight. X. 
brabim7 high five brother. :D 
imdchhetri hehe, haina.. 3 Lovers. Kollywood 2nd film ho. :) 
thenepal Thank you. :) 
sristee44 thanks sweets. You're the best. Muahs. 
thenepal yes I do it for the love of the art amp; craft. And you're kind. Thank you. :)) 
adhikariabhigya love you.  
imdchhetri so u missed 3 of my movies. Bt aru 3 wata films release huney kram maa chha huss :) 
thenepal bt I dnt judge ppl who r parts of such acts. They r who they r. Everybody's got to mk a living. Bt it dsnt wrk for me. 
thenepal bt I dnt judge who are a part of such acts. They r who they r. Everybody's got to mk a living. Bt it dsnt wrk for me. 
thenepal I'm strictly against such acts, i've voiced my opinion on film gradings time amp; again. Thr's no comparison. 
poojamcflylfc girl, you understand me. Love. :) 
adhikariabhigya hehe, cuteness. :) 
anbika soon. Thanks! 
thenepal yes,thr's a selfish me bt at the end, who do we act for? U all.amp; if u think,I'm an actor cuz of the 'money',u knw hw mch we earn. 
anbika see, so u've practically seen me grow. Hvn't u? Give me a chance to prove u wrong. Won't u? 
anbika I am, yes, with each film I grow. Hope there's a day when I mk u the proudest. :) 
anbika u're a journalist I assume. See, u guys mk us, brk us, bt tht dsnt mean u can b mean. At the end of the day, we are bt humans. 
anantabrt you gotta trust me when I say this. I work for u all amp; then myself. Thank you. 
anbika u think I'm not working hard enough? Trust me Anbika, I give it my all. Just so that I can b a part of the change. 
anbika do you even watch our films? Hey, I'm nt saying I'm all tht jazz, bt learn to appreciate. 
If smbdy attacks at me for no rhyme or reason, I'll nt stay mum. I'll tell u what I feel. 
Some ppl r so judgmental. They dnt knw wht it's like to b workin day amp; night. And all only for their entertainment! Sigh! 
anbika so acc to you, I cnt evn feel blessed. I cnt be thankful to my people. Really? Why? 
anbika amp; wht do u knw abt my work? Do u realize how hard us actors work? Dinraat. Don't judge. 
anbika you gangsta huh? Hahaha... You focus on ur work. Please. That'll make you a better person. Jealousy is ugly. 
anbika whoever you are, you shouldn't have a problem with what I do, unless it affects you directly. Peace yo! 
2000 amp; we can't stop.  xx 
imDchhetri soon :) Will let you know.. I have 3 releases..   amp;  in that order. :) 
Like,, Love, Share amp; Support  
Happy Birthday Nishu. Wish I was in Kathmandu, so that we could teach 'em a thing or two about partying. Love you :) 
I love myself. Rt if you love yourself too. :D  
gaijatra awww, thank you for your sweet time. :) 
adhikariabhigya Hi :) 
prachandanepal uff nasakine... Ko chahi holaa k yo account chalaaune?! 
prachandanepal Perv! 
mynepal00 you're welcome :) 
pralpras awwww thank you for the concern. I will definitely take care of my health. It comes first. :) 
mynepal00 okay :) 
ispidh my upcoming movies..... :) 
mynepal00 Rekha di ra Bhuwan dai baahek aru ko? 
atuldahal I give my best in every film that I do and I grow as an actor with each film... I'm currently shooting for  :) 
bhaskardhakal my  They are the best and they have my full attention... Nothing without my sweethearts :) 
mynepal00 wish i could... :) 
saugaaat you are a  too.. x 
gaijatra ma pani herum kati din samma :P :P :P 
pralpras you have to... :)) See you x 
  amp;  - Who's excited? I sure am. :D 
bhaskardhakal hmmmmmmm x 
kim_subba i was just kidding :) 
bhaskardhakal hmmm, good with your words... :)) 
atuldahal not so confident, really? :( 
kim_subba all good bro.. you? ;) 
bhaskardhakal glad you noticed ;) 
successdhamala Tell me if you need a high-res picture, I will email it you.. :P but seriously ;) 
Mnis007 How's Us? :)) 
atuldahal I won't recommend you any, you'll have to watch all my movies ;) XX 
Mnis007 good good, you? :) 
atuldahal Yes,   and  :) Soon :) 
atuldahal ?????? 
phoonsookwangd1 For a magazine shoot :) Photographed by Shashank Pradhan, styled by SayalShrestha22 and Hair amp; MUA Sakil Kunwar :) 
pralpras Thank you :) 
rblionel  :) 
rblionel :)) 
phoonsookwangd1 yes, you? :) 
rblionel my fault? :P hahahaha 
Pan_kaji forever amp; always :))) 
Caseymimi rihanna awwwww, that's really sweet of you. Kind words. Much love. x 
Pan_kaji xoxo 
r_zit me too ;) 
So how are my  doing? :) 
caseymimi rihanna oh my God, can I be as lucky? :)) 
'What Now - rihanna', on repeat! 
Have you watched this video  tell me if you like it xx 
soip07 thank you... xo 
XmeSudeen cheesy much.. ;) :))) 
r_zit glad it did... thank you :))) 
surajthapa98 hehehehehehe 
joe_f310 I reckon :) 
bhaskardhakal oh tell me about it... Everybody should love everyone.. :) 
lazyforaname but wish they loved more :) 
s_mainaly Thank you :) 
TheNepal PrachandaNepal I think you should watch KOLLYWOOD and all my upcoming releases ;) 
spr1y4 thank you :) I'm sure you're super beautiful to see the beauty in others. :) 
Whoa, people really know how to hate! 
cjan_05 abui so rude.. :P malai ni mann parchha but work comes first. :) 
Kharaab mausam ko kaaran  ko shoot ekchhin rokiyeko chha.  pls tell the Sun to shine. :/ 
WATCH  
Good morning :) 
Just for you all. I love you  :) 
Pls  if you hv some time for me, I've uploaded the vid on my Fb fan page... Pls watch it. 
I've made a video for my sweethearts but for some weird reason, I can't share the link here. :( 
'yawnnnnnn' Goodnight  xoxo 
phoonsookwangd1 each to their own... :)) night. xx 
lb2ktm goodnight :)))) 
thenepal abhisekhmaskey prachandanepal who is the talented one? :P 
prachandanepal seriously? Ahahahahah... You're funny! And I'll sleep on this heavy dose of funniness. Night. X. 
abhisekhmaskey prachandanepal now that's more like it :)) peace... 
breakbenz awwwwww... You too.. Stay humble. xx 
thenepal rajesh_hamal sadly, nope... Would love to work with him.. Fingers crossed. :) 
abhisekhmaskey prachandanepal hey that's rude.... Let's be a sport... :)) 
abhisekhmaskey prachandanepal high five on the similar thoughts.. :D 
thenepal rajesh_hamal yes the real one.... Welcome him even though he's been here on Twitter for quite a while now.. :) 
abhisekhmaskey prachandanepal unlike us, he believes in the saying, 'old is gold amp; BOLD'. Hehehehe... Cute, no? :P 
 did u knw tht the most articulate man in Nepal is on Twitter? Here's rajesh_hamal for u. :)) 
breakbenz maybe I should... Next year.. :P kidding.. Hehe.. 
atuldahal sameermdixit Miss Universe used to be much bigger, now it has lost its charm. Miss World seems to hold more importance now. 
prachandanepal pls go ahead.. Afterall, a beautiful girl gotta give a diehard fan like u a chance.. :P Kaha haraaunubhaa thhyo etro din? 
To hell with the results, but Ishani is our Miss World. But Miss Philippines is so beautiful. :) 
Miss Nepal Ishani Shrestha in Top 10, Miss World. 5th position. Go Ishani, fingers crossed: 
For those who don't know, Miss World is going live on Z Cafe, from 5:15 pm. :) 
Aile dekhi nai TV agaadhi baseko Miss World herna.. Ishani is going to rock, I already know. :) 
Sending Ishani Shrestha all the good luck. Get that blue crown. Today's the day. Watch it live on Z Cafe, 5:15 pm. X. 
poudeldipesh hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahah, sense of humor, I like ;) 
im_ritika aarzu_05 thank you so much... Need your love amp; luck.. :)) 
phursad SujanUday fingers crossed :) hehehehe, thank you... xx 
lb2ktm overwhelming love... Thank you :)))) 
mesriju thank you Sriju xx 
pralpras awwwww, that's so nice of you... Thank you.. Keep well. xx 
sandesh_89 kazibasnet thank you boys. :)) 
poudeldipesh chhaina, aba herchhu huss :))) 
dewazpradhan Yes, I love cycling. But when's the event? Sorry, link nai khulena..amp; I'm shooting in Bandipur. :) 
ravilami haii... Tara no worries, will be back on Twitter like a maniac soon.. :))) 
limshaku actor_dilip :)))) thank you 
Aajkal Facebook le dherai time liyo.. :( But ma Twitter ma chhadai farkine chhu, with a bang. Promise. :) 
 let's welcome Actor_Dilip to Twitter land. The actor who won hearts with his magnum opus - Darpan Chhaya :) 
bimaltmg totally fine with me... Goodnight  xx 
bimaltmg cute, you have me as your dp. Awww. :)) 
Reaching for the stars. Who's with me? :) Goodnight  
Kazibasnet Thanks a bunch. X 
MeSriju thank you soo much. Much needed. X 
SuzInmHz ho merai ho :) 
Man of the moment - prabalgurung getting rave reviews for his designs. I'm prouder than the whole America itself. :D 
You guys make me who I am. Just know that. Love you all. Goodnight. :) 
Okay  here's the news - I'm again nominated for HTV Digital Cine Best Debutante Actress Award. Wish me luck. Need it. 
Phursad thank you soo much. Your love and support keeps me going :) 
SamjhanaMa A story of a village. Bandipur.. and Suntali is a girl in that village.. centers around issues of love, jealousy, revenge :) 
sureshdarpan thank you dai :) 
Ask yourself anupdgn or there's Google, Youtube amp; stuff. Peace! 
pralpras I am busy shooting for my film  :)) 
khaklyaksoltee cuteness. :)) I am all smiles. :) 
poudeldipesh hajur maile bujhina :( 
bull_bixon I totally believe you.. Hehehe.. You're sweet.. Good day. :)) 
bbkingk awwwww, aren't you the bestest?? Thank you so Bibek. :)) Love. 
Diva by Beyonce gives me a jumpstart to the day. It's my alarm tone. ;) Good morning  x 
What makes you proud of being you? Tell me. 
Too tired. All night shoot, balla pack up bhayo. It's a goodnight for me amp; a beautiful morn for my  :) 
Thank you for the 'favorite' colstonJulian1 :) Happy now. You are amazing. xx 
'Work Bitch' - britneyspears :) I can die dancing to this number. Godney!! 
rumblefish01 thank you for always being so very sweet.  
Shooting all night long. Should be fun funna fun.   :)) 
chironnex you bet! Hahahaha :)) 
chironnex i have listened to the song, to an extent that I've already moved on now. Haha. 
chironnex hold on, we are going home - drake amp; Work Bitch - Britney Spears ;) 
bhaskardhakal pleasure is all mine. Keep shining. X. 
sharadcric I hv been, a lot, recently. Haha. And esp whn thr r evil ppl, I need to protect my Twitterland. So constantly here. ;) 
beingprabesh mero take sakyo.. Aru haruko shoot bhairaachha.. And I'm kinda free..   :) 
beingprabesh _quote_me_ hahahahaha, aren't you both the bestest!! Sending you lots of love. X. 
bhaskardhakal you too have a wonderful weekend. Cheers!! :) 
ashtonnsojho true said. high five. :)) x. 
chironnex no, why should I? Bring it on, I'm not scared. Haha. and sonamakapoor, I love this woman. 
chironnex I have already moved on. No time for hate. :) 
chironnex 'course I remember you. Keep smiling. Shine. :)) 
Love amp; Peace everyone. :) 
nparaju goodbye, good luck amp; good riddance! 
mesam0620 I'm a lover of love. So, hate amp; war, have no place. Anyhoo, thank you. Good Saturday. :) 
mesam0620 and thank you for the love. :) 
mesam0620 I knw tht fact really well. Bt u arnt always guaranteed with fans no matter how hard u work, are u? Thts my point. :) 
mesam0620 amp; I wdnt hv reacted this way if they wrnt as demeaning.I knw,I might hv come as too strong bt I cnt tk evrythn thts thrwn at me. 
mesam0620 see Samir, I was told abt the haters evn before I started out amp; trust me, it's a one-woman-army. 
nparaju i knw tht very well amp; hv always put 'em first amp; thr's a thing called 'constructive criticism'. So yeah, if u'r nice, I'm nicer. 
princenibesh ishwari hence proven, the true meaning of 'literate iliterate'. Hahahahahahahahahahahah 
What I was taught - to stand up for myself amp; to ignore the haters. And I'm doing jst that. Trust me, it's very easy. 
mesam0620 arrogance? Really now? Ha amp; u supprt ppl's insensitive behaviour? Hating dsnt help. 
nparaju mesam0620 and whn u try to bring them down, does it nt show ur class amp; maturity? 
ishwari dimaag lai pani dukha na diye hunthhyo. Dhanyabaad! 
mesam0620 and I think one can only bear it for so long. If we dnt speak up ourselves, who will? Think, we r jst as normal. 
subhadraman uniharu sanga kina chup laagera basney.. Jati chup lagyo teti hepchhan.. Anyways, thank you. You seem kind. 
ishwari nparaju see, I dnt need to prove myself. I've already made it clear. I dnt spend my money in such stuff. It's hard earned! 
subhadraman oooh I'm scared!! Jst so u know I'm a self made girl so I knw my boundaries. Rather b positive amp; see the goodness in others! 
sandesh_89 haha, let us not be negative. Let's be positive amp; move on. They dnt mean nthn at all. 
anamprasha only with you  by my side. :) 
khaklyaksoltee anamprasha you are my strength.  
So like in all fairytales, the evil shows up in my  too. But I'm armed amp; my  are my biggest strength. :) 
sandesh_89 there are these 'know-it-alls' who believe is spreading baseless stuff. Them. :) 
Hi anamprasha, why r u draggin urself into this? U're not involved. Cheer up amp; ignore these ppl. 
nparaju ishwari dherai sahera nai kura bigreko ho.Chahine kura garda kei nabhanney manchhe ho,kura baseless chha bhaney ma chup lagdina. 
nparaju ishwari whatever!! Hv u ever thot of actually reasearching amp; then blabbering? It's a minute's work. Don't be lazy! 
Idiots should be banned. When they know they're wrong, they still think they're the best. Get lost!! 
nparaju ishwari and even if I'd paid, I dnt think u should hv a problem with it. My life, my money. Neanderthals!! 
nparaju ishwari and when you pay, 'recommended pages' or 'sponsored' bhanera aauchha.. Research before you claim to be correct. 
ishwari excuse me.... Are you gonna have a problem, you amp; me? I haven't paid to increase the likes.. Get it.. 
bipin977 the ad is not that bad. Trust me, I've seen worse ads. Hahahahhaah ;) 
swopz Rock it!! My best wishes are with you. 
swopz ooh, somebody's into script writing these days.. All the best, I know you'll ace it. :) 
rblionel  you rock :) 
swopz hahahah, okay.. :) and all the best. Hema is beautiful. You lucky you. :) 
niranjankadel tei ta... Hopefully tapai bhayeko thhaau maa ni release hunchha hola.. :) 
swopz for????? 
basantabasnet and I said 'some' journos.. :)) 
niranjankadel you are so cool.. Thank you for the love Niranjan.. :) 
chirayur hahahahaha cute... Thank you so this much love... xxxx...  
m_as_win thank you for the  you rock. :) 
bbkingk awwww, I am a mush now... you guys, so much love... :)) thanks. 
chirayur for a while? :'( 
beingprabesh awww, sweetness.. :) okay, so I'll go Carly Ray Jepsen on you.. :P 
rblionel awwww, aren't you the sweetest? Cuteness. Thanks for the overwhelming love. X. 
beingprabesh nayy, these leeches irritate me at times.. Hahah, nothing serious. :)) 
basantabasnet read my latest tweet.. Thank you :) 
bbkingk seriously.. How can you not be? Hahhahahahaha.. Kidding.. I'm just a normal girl. Who'd obsess over me? 
My last tweet was not for you all, it was for some annoying journos. That's all. ;) Pls, don't get offended. X. 
chirayur wow, you're a genius.. Hahahah.. 
beingprabesh hhahaha, no that was a message to some media journos... Awww, not you.. :)) 
Why are you obsessed with me?! 
kshitizkhanal7 priyankachopra Good one... :D 
bull_bixon thank you for sharing :)) 
parakramrana tell me tell me... Puhleaasseeee!! :( 
What's happening in  Good news anyone? Share with me :) 
 :D 
amrineum thank you so much. You love amp; support is essential. Keep loving. :) 
phursad thank you so much for your support Sudip ji. We need more people like you. :) 
Facebook's Qamp;A went amazing. We'll do it soon on Twitter too. Get urself ready  Goodnight. :) 
nissanpokhrel ALL THE BEST. ACE IT YO. :)) 
mesriju thanks heaps bahini. :)) 
phursad DVDs'll be out soon. Aba dekhi hall maa miss nagarnu huss. :)  is my next release. X. 
'Aaja ko yo saanjh, samhaalera raakha'.... One of my fav songs that I've acted in. :) 
 ko shoot ko aaja ekdum thhulo din ho... Loving the set. So much. But loving Bandipur more. :) 
princess_pp01 good afternoon bahini... And no ma'am, didi.. :) 
chiluwal ho ta... :P 
sazanrjb hunchha ta... 'hawa pani mitho laagchha angaalo maa timi hudaa', Kollywood ko geet.. Remember? ;) 
prashantintel haii.... So serene... :) Happy Dashain in advance. 
karki59 hahahahahha, mera peechha chhodoo... kidding. ;) Welcome. X. 
rajesh_hamal :)) 
GOOD MORNING BABIES :D 
Dashain ko mausam aauna thhalechha. Kasto mitho hawa chaleko.  xxxx 
Thank you livelyreshal, capeel99 amp; PoojaMcFlyLFC.... Bestest. X. 
Yeti dherai maya paaye.... Khusi laagchha.... My  are theeeeeeeeeee best!! :) 
Thank you so much niranjankadel :)) 
Thank you prashantintel :) 
Shooting.  Are you  excited for Suntali? :D 
bhattarai_11 malai ta budho nai banaayo.. Hahahahah.. 
neemeshe bhattarai_11 ;) hahah awww  
Trendsetters' performance. Thanks Nepali Babu for the vid. Outfit by Swornim Rai. 
lexlimbu thanks Lex.Hv shared it on my personal fb acc. Do watch it.Bt I'd go with my last time's performance. ;) 
rajesh_hamal heard the movie ain't as good. Sad news but yes, we can only judge after watching it. How've you been? :) 
lexlimbu Hi Lex,I danced to the recent item songs. One frm the movie Dabab, one frm Dhuwani amp; one, my own song Kali Kali frm Kollywood. X. 
The moon looks beautiful. Ani Bandipur sanga mero ekdum gahiro maya basekochha. :)) Hahah... How're you all? 
bewitchkapil who are these extremely beautiful ladies? I am jealous!! :P 
So reached Bandipur. A piece heaven on Earth. Will be here for a month, shooting for  :) 
Today is a  kinda day. So I'mma just do that. Hahaha ;) Good day  
So who is coming? Anyone? Would love to see you  there. :) 
TRENDSETTERS III tonight at Hotel Annapurna. I'm opening the show amp; also showstopping for Pooja Bageria. :) 
Banda ko din k garera bityo? :) 
Goodnight sunshines. Sending you all the love that I have. :) 
kaal_vairab thank you :) 
thefoliomag thank you so much. Folio has my heart. :) 
LIKE, LOVE, SHARE amp; SUPPORT :) 
Choregraphing Nisha for her movie Mission Paisa Reloaded. We'll rock this Nishu. ;) 
hiteshmehta I know the best Stylist - SayalShrestha22.... He is awesome. :) 
There's something magical about early morning shoots. Morning  :) 
I can't tell if it's killing me, or making me stronger........ 
beingprabesh insomnia. And you? 
Khula aakash parkhidai chha, udaan hamro herna.... asthamusic's honey-soaked voice is an instant healer. Love this girl. :) 
Florence + The Machine's songs on repeat. Tonight's lullaby. Night  X. 
Brew Coffee Port opening. For a noble cause. :) 
On the occassion of the grand opening of BREW COFFEE PORT, Durbar Marg, I volunteered to serve hot cuppas of (cont) 
So my  here have stopped responding. Where are you all? :( 
When you're all tired amp; on the verge of breaking down, to revive yourself what song do you listen to? :) 
MrNakulPatel you definitely will.... And I have a strong feeling about us meeting soon. :) 
Swornim Rai's fab creation. Styled by SayalShrestha22, MUA Sakil Kunwar amp; photo by Suzeeta Gurung. :) 
Early morn shoot. Feeling all royal amp; stuff garbed in Swornim Rai's awesome traditional attires. :) 
MrNakulPatel might go soon....after I complete shooting for 2 movies here.. Will see you there? 
Amammmama.. such a hectic week!! Shooting for Mission Paisa Reloaded's club song all day today.. that too (cont) 
SharadCric Always will :) And thank you... Too tired, my legs might fall aprt.. An early night tonight will b... goodnight. X, 
SharadCric All good.. a little down with flu.. You? :) 
MrNakulPatel Ufff, haha... still struggling.. really! :) 
MrNakulPatel Well, all the best :) Shine on. X. 
One of my fav photos. :) A still from 'Kaali Kaali' from KOLLYWOOD. Like it? :)) 
Devashree Ganesha. Jai Ganesha :) 
amiking19 no no, it's way before birdflu happened that I decided to be a veg. But I still eat eggs amp; bacon (sometimes only) :P 
bikashsapkota18 awwww :) 
mrnakulpatel been good too. Was unwell for few days, I'm all charged up now. And what's happening to your movie thing? 
amiking19 ahaahahaha, but I am a veg now. :) 
A new day has come. Brighter, happier. What are your plans for today? :) 
Whatever the result, well played TEAM NEPAL. We love you.  :) 
bikashsapkota18 aaja ho ni teej ko barta basney din. :) 
mrnakulpatel Teej is a brightly colored festival of Nepali women. :) And thank you. How've you been Mr.? X. 
Happy Teej. :) 
sandesh_89 trust me, there are evil ppl. But you can only ignore them for so long. :) 
nppoet thank you. Sending you love. :) 
nppoet hv been accepting bt apparently tht dsnt work. People walk all over u amp; try to break u. 
And still I believe in my  You are the best. Love you all. 
So before u r ruthless amp; say smthn 'soul-breaking', pls think. Being good is easy. Learn. Fear God. Thank you. 
nppoet there's a huge difference in how you say/write it. 
5) I'm aware of the fact tht everything I do wnt impress u, but I'm only human amp; people have different sensibilites. 
4) I'm not here to entertain ur maligning comments. Hv better things in life. 
3) I've been through a lot amp; I understand ppl can be vicious at times, bt doesnt mean u can say anything abt me. 
2) I am here for u all. I work my ass off cos' I love what I do amp; to earn ur love. If u cnt respect, then u can block me. 
Here, let me make things clear for u all: 1) I dont like negativity amp; will ignore negative remarks. Will only take constructive criticisms. 
s_uprety tell me which one? 
s_uprety and SayalShrestha22 is a genius when it comes to styling. So no chance of failing. :) 
ssigdel91 excuse me? Seriously read my tweets properly. If you cnt understand, nt my fault. 
People, tht 'WOW' in my prev tweet was a massive sarcasm, I'm a working professional, wud nvr support bandh. 
Nepal Bandha, really?!! Wow!! 
Teej katti ko laagirachha ta tapaiharulai? Ramaailo haii. :D 
6th September,2005 -the day I was crowned Miss Teen Nepal.8 years amp; still goin strong.For all the love,thank u so much. You mk me who I am. 
Why so negative everyone? Please try and see the goodness in life. You'll feel beautiful. Good luck. 
kumarkarki374 Thank you so much.. your love keeps me keeping on. 
lfcmaverickzz awwwwwwww :) 
rumblefish01 no no, never will I forget my password. ;) It's just that I've been unwell amp; a little lazy. 
achlochan awwww,  fever. :) thank you. 
My daddy, my Hero. Happy Father's Day. A special day to me. Thankful to God. :) 
parakramrana lol :) 
Back from a Twitter sabbatical. Haha. Missed me? ;) A happy day, thank you God. :) 
parakramrana hahaha, Me, Nisha, Malina, Sahana, Malvika di amp; Namrata. In that order. ;) 
razsh44 And here, I spent my time on blocking you. Cheerio! 
TRENDSETTERS III. September 13. And spot me in the picture. And tell me who all are there? ;) 
A still from  a murder-mystery film. Coming soon. Good day babes. ;) 
Pokhara is my favorite place amp; when you're here, it's a beautiful night.  
gtmsuresh I knw there r many disappointing movies but see the effort we are putting. We'll get there. :) 
Gtmsuresh goshrestha And I wish you could support Nepali movies wholeheartedly. Thank you. 
Shooting for a short film. Great concept. Young team. The film's titled, "The Book amp; The Cover". Fun funna fun. :)))) 
Fairycastalia yes you can go amp; audition :) All the best. 
Pan_kaji hehehehe :) love this song 
razsh44 Thank you :) 
Thank you  mag for this.Honored.Styled by SayalShrestha22,Outfit by rt_labung, MUA - Sakil, Photog Anup dai :) 
Good day  :) Kisses. 
So many photos to upload, so many news to share.How do I start!!Hahaha.But will save it for later, maybe. ;) 
santosh555 thank you :) 
tiwarirabi soip07 and there's a magical thing you can do here, you can block someone. So bye! 
sthanimesh: PriyankaKarky on wavemag_nepal  heheh 
goshrestha Ignorance is bliss. And it gives me immense pleasure to ignore someone as pathetic as you. Bye! 
Ok back to emceeing. I'm at Bhrikuti Mandap, launching the new product frm JCB -'liftall crane'. Come if you feel like. X. 
afc_karki abui??? Ma ra crorepati? I'm struggling. :) 
binay_s I generally am mad at people who are total misogynists. :) 
apolloxirider hahahahhahaha.... Sweet! :)) 
tiwarirabi soip07 boys will be boys! 
apolloxirider hey,don't hate on Samsung. I endorse the brand. ;) Hehhe 
binay_s no, it's just that people here don't understand the true meanings. :) 
afc_karki haha, I'll do it myself. Ma ta paisa ni maagdina. :P 
apolloxirider Yes, why? :) 
afc_karki please make this people understand. :) 
rbnpaneru thank you :) 
beingprabesh bhadra :) Date fixed bhako chhaina. Will let you know. X. 
People, get it in ur silly heads, I am an ACTOR amp; tht doesn't make me a male. We all r ACTORS. No differentiation. Thanks. 
goshrestha God,half knowledge is dangerous bhaneko yehi ho.Actor/Actress bhanera differentiate garney jamaana gayo.We all r ACTORS nw!! 
adismith13 you just know what to say, don't you Adi? ;) Hmm, wishful thinking! 
Now, talking business, produce films for me. :P Hahahah, kidding. Love you all. Goodnight. :) 
The best part was you guys had strong female-oriented characters in mind for me. Awwwww. I feel good. 
Oh that sure was fun. Us interacting. Reminding you again, my  are the best. :) 
nissanpokhrel sometimes memories are the best thing about one's existence. :) Love amp; Light. Goodnight darl. X. 
apolloxirider and I'll remember you. :) Night. X. 
mrnakulpatel only when people around you are positive. :) Take care N, talk soon. Cheerio! X. 
sambidpant Will give my all to make you guys proud of me. :) Goodnight and you can call me Prinku you know. :) 
apolloxirider please keep praying. You'll be the first person that I'd thank :) 
acharya_saugat how about we exclude Jennifer Lawrence? :P 
apolloxirider that's so cool :)) thanks rider. ;) 
finlip je bhaye ni hunchha :) 
beingprabesh I'm good, thank you for asking. How are you? 
sapphireg29 hehehe 
nissanpokhrel awww cuteness. But doesn't it feel nice to wake up amp; love? :) 
sambidpant may God bless you  Sending you love. Lots of them. :) 
yak2yeti it's mrnakulpatel only. :) 
yak2yeti bujheko maa dherai dhanyabaad. :) 
nash_reddevil Get that a lot. Since I was crowned Miss Teen. And that was in 2005. Heheh.. 
nissanpokhrel bhana na :) 
sambidpant How I wish I would get to do that role. In this lifetime. :) Thank you sweetheart. 
soip07 There's nothing I wouldn't do to be in the remake of this movie. :) 
nash_reddevil Jessica Alba, I get that a lot. :) 
yak2yeti no different meanings these two words have. :) 
mrnakulpatelToo many things happenin huh? I'm busy with regular stuff.Shoots,fashion shows,mags,endorsements,wht new in a heroine's life?;) 
sthapa98 will come soon amp; yes I knw abt the play. Sadly,wnt b able to make it. I've a cover unveiling to do. Take care baby. See u soon. X. 
stprakasha interesting. :)) thank you for the reply. :) 
bimalnational that's one of my dream roles. :)) thank you. 
sthapa98 awww, how kind of him. Give him all my love. :)) 
soip07 raaamro... Dherai raamro :) 
mathguyproblems soon :)) 
poojamcflylfc you are adorable Poo. Awww. :) 
mrnakulpatel hence I always say, my  are the best. :) How've you been? 
sthapa98 I was doing my A-Levels, right? I hv the faintest memory. I think I remember. Even if I dnt, I knw u now love. Hope all's well. :) 
acharya_saugat one of my favorite movies. :) Yayyy 
nash_reddevil you're cute. :)) 
mathguyproblems that I can do :D thanks :) 
mrnakulpatel mmmmm... You are a gentleman. Making a girl smile. ;) 
soip07 oooohhhh :D 
ney_war I heart you for saying that. Thanks, I'm smiling from ear to ear. :) 
poojamcflylfc I love that film. But still, reasons sweets? 
nash_reddevil ooohh that's exciting. But care to explain? ;) 
mathguyproblems tell me why please. :)) 
mrnakulpatel Nakul Ji, reasons? :) 
sthapa98 Hi baby... How are you? Long time. :))) 
anupdgn thank you so much. :))) 
If a Hollywood movie is remade amp; I were to be in it (wishful thinking), which movie would you like to see me in? 
sanusbb2 original :) 
sthanimesh Night :))) 
The tranquility of a full moon night... Will sleep on that. Goodnight :) 
And Happy Raakhi to all the brothers here. I miss my brother. :) 
I know my  will help these children of rape victims, because you guys are the best. :) So please help the future of the nation. 
Yesterday at Life Vision Academy. My second visit and will keep supporting these children. They need your support. :) 
namastenepalnew thank you. :) 
mysoul_peace subexyabhadel :) 
rbnpaneru I did and loved deepikapadukone the most. :) 
alnewzane Go to the link and message them :) Much love.. you are wonderful. :) 
alnewzane Thank yuo so much for your keen interest. :) 
I fed my soul with happiness when I met the children. This is my second time visiting them. God bless them. :) 
subexyabhadel is fabulous, isn't she? Love this gown I wore in my video. Kammar Markai by Juna Prasain :) 
You can also help them in every little way you can. Let me know amp; I'll tell you how. Life Vision Academy, Bhaktapur. :) 
Also give moral support to the children of rape victims. How my heart sinks seeing them but they're the future. Trust me. :) 
Will b going to Life Vision Academy,Bhaktapur today to provide the students there with stationeries. Whatever little I can do for them. 
shresthabikash apsster I manage them myself. It's a cakewalk. amp; sweethearts cuz I don't like the word 'fans'. :) 
Goodnight my sweetest hearts. I love you all. :) 
acharyapramod and Swornim Rai for Traditional attires :) 
acharyapramod yes love his designs :) and subexyabhadel and rt_labung too :) 
acharyapramod ngawangofficial :) 
sazanrjb huss :) 
acharyapramod ngawangofficial matlab? :) 
sazanrjb no, it's for a music video... movie.. soon... pakka.. :) 
OncoSuren Thank you :) 
Bishal_Babu you should know it better. ;) Thank you so much for the love... :) 
RawalCool so do I :) 
ravilami I am good :) you? 
Nick10155887 nooooooooooooooooo 
sazanrjb :D 
BijayChap Thank you so much.. Hope I'll never let you down. 
ngawangofficial Nepali nai hoo ma :) 
At the grand opening of Zhan Yun International Food Court, Civil Trade Center. Wearing bishwogautam :)) 
Watching Mahasus. Keki Adhikari has done an amazing job. :) 
AnitaDSullivan, your bio is heartbreaking. Hope all's well. Sending you lots of good luck. :) 
nirvikdada,@acharya_saugat, ravilami amp; npPoet, thank you for the love. The best boys. :) 
ravilami hahahah, and you have me as your dp. Awwww... Thank you for the love.. :) 
Love me do. :) 
I'm crazy for LilTunechi, his songs on repeat while I get ready to emcee. Starts from 6. :) 
nissanpokhrel it was 4-5 months back. Wanna do it again. :) 
Inaugurating amp; emceeing the opening ceremony of this brilliantly styled food court at Civil Trade Center. Excited. :) 
Ps, I'll know who didn't come. ;) 
 come to Absolute Bar, Pulchowk tonight for a night of class amp; craft with me. Vintage is what you gotta be. See you. :) 
chiranniroula I already had a bob when I was in NY. I donated 13 inches of my hair to a Cancer patient. Now, I love my long hair :) 
Did a cameo in buddhayama's new song about Sex Trafficking yesterday. Can't wait for it to be out soon. :) 
nissanpokhrel Good Saturday darl. Stay safe. Sending you all the good luck. :) 
gckhanal hence, I have stopped myself from doing so. :) 
chironnex but I find imperfection hot!! And exciting. :D 
kumarkarki374 soon.... Patience please :) 
alnewzane no, sadly, she doesn't have one :) 
umes_r sent :)) 
nissanpokhrel thanks babe... Xo 
chironnex but what if it's a box full of Ferrero Rocher only? No variety! :P 
shaketadh on the verge of doing so ;) x. 
lfcmaverickzz ALL THE BEST. ACE IT. I WANT TO HEAR A SUCCESS STORY :) 
Life, I tell you, is full of surprises. Haven't been able to figure it out yet! :) 
Kunchhang more baby :-) 
rumblefish01 take care of yourself and always, believe in yourself. :-) 
rumblefish01 your words always make me smile. Thankful  
sandew37 thank you Sandesh :-) 
 sending all the hearts that I have.. humanly impossible :-P 
rumblefish01 awwww... thanks to my parentals, they instilled the best in me  
Nick10155887 hahahah.. flattering :-) 
lfcmaverickzz oh thank you darl :-) 
Chiranniroula I have already done the show.. search it on YouTube. You will find it huss :-) 
kusmita sadly he doesn't :-( hehe 
successdhamala true said :-) 
chironnex went well.. thanks for asking.. a sweet gesture :-) 
BbKingK: Just seen PriyankaKarky dance in "Ma pyaar bechi....."  just awesome..too good  xx" thank you.. :-) 
I don't remember who took this photo but whoever did, huge shoutout to you. Thank you, love it.  
iambigfanofsrk awwwwwww so sweet :-) 
sanusbb2 awwwww 
ravilami thank you :-) 
RawalCool retweeted :-) 
pankaj0213 hehehehe 
sanusbb2 :-D 
Sent to me by a  I feel blessed. Thank you Sumitra for the love. :-) 
Kunchhang chuness :) 
Raat bhari shoot... Aile bhakkhar utheko... Good morning :P how is everyone? 
Shooting with the nation's heartthrob -Saugat Malla. He is wonderful. :-) 
FILMYKHABAR The beauty is in your eyes lt;3 
rumblefish01 Awww... its the weather.. take care.. don't fall sick now :) I've been great.. just busy with shoots :) 
kripashrestha4 subexyabhadel Thank you love. You're the best :) 
A still from a Music Video shoot... My beautiful sari by Swornim Rai :) 
bewitchkapil please naachnus... dhanyabaad for the entertainment!! 
ravilami which one? 
rumblefish01 thank you so much.... tei ta, kaha haraako timi? :) 
swopz i know... and can I see the poster please? :))) Please please :) 
chironnex you are the best.... keep loving me... :)) 
chironnex hahahahah, :D 
And right after its over, a long drive to Pokhara for an early morn shoot tomorrow... Oh I love this :))) 
Hectic! On my way to Bishwogautam's studio to pick up a gown to emcee an event tonight..., 
swopz ahaha, thank you so much for the lovely words Mr. Genius. We've been featured on the same issue of Wave :) 
rblionel thank you Rabin :) 
Nick10155887 subexyabhadel you saw me or subu? ;) 
chironnex I did ni... and I am grateful :) 
chironnex good good... you? :) 
Showstopper for subexyabhadel at the 1st Trendsetters, love her designs. :) 
alnewzane It's an inevitable part of the industry tht we r in amp; we gotta deal with them. but wnt keep mum if someone tries to malicious... 
BeingPrabesh TheFolioMag hahahahahah you are cute :)) 
chironnex hahaha keep it coming... ;) 
Thank you TheFolioMag for this lovely feature amp; Kiroz Manandhar for this pretty photo. :))) love it... x 
chironnex trust me... I am... :) 
BeingPrabesh TheFolioMag me too :))) heheheheh 
chironnex awww you cuteness :)) 
chironnex I am not... ahhaha you wish :P 
BeingPrabesh TheFolioMag thanks :) 
freakieesillu good work... like it :) 
TheFolioMag thank you so much team Folio for the feature :) 
chironnex like what? :) 
What's up sweethearts? Hope all's well. X. 
Goodnight   
chironnex True but don't you think I handle it well? ;) haha... thank you so much for the love... Kisses.. :) 
rblionel awwwwwwwww :) overwhelmed 
chironnex namratashrestha I do but rarely use it.... it's Prinklebell :) 
chironnex neemeshe namratashrestha I think it's run by her biggest  
My didi malvikasubba. I love her, and the bond is stronger than ever, :) 
neemeshe namratashrestha it is :) 
rblionel namratashrestha heheheheheeh 
neemeshe namratashrestha yes I think so :) 
chironnex you are so sweet :) x 
nissanpokhrel awwww :)) 
Kisses from the both of us. Me with my sweetest namratashrestha. She's the cutest! 
chironnex Night :) 
:) A CUP OF COFFEE IS AN INSTANT RREJUVENATION.  ALWAYS WORKS FOR ME... 
Pranapk been busy with work... :) 
kumarkarki374 hahahaha patience  
kumarkarki374 hahahahhahahahahaha patience  
binay_s :p 
AchLochan how cute  thank you love 
shaketadh  
Chiranniroula me too... this summer maybe..  
Pranapk :P 
HancySudhan  
SigdelKalyan hahahhahaha 
:) sthanimesh:  raat ki raani  rvlradio PriyankaKarky  
Bollywood night went awesome, pics will be up soon./ Here's wishing you all a super night. :) For  magazine. 
nick10155887 hehehehehehe :)) 
cjan_05 Kollywood Night bhaisakyo aba Bollywood ra Hollywood ko paalo. :) 
sanusbb2 koi ni chhaina... Haami k kam chhau uniharu bhandaa? :P 
Oops I forgot to write the venue. It's Planet Bollywood, Woodland Complex, Durbarmarg. :) 
Aaja Bollywood Night party chha, ma perform gardai chhu. 8 pm sharp. Ko ko aaunuhudaichha?  
With my baby doll subexyabhadel amp; if u must knw,she's the most celebrated fashion designer of Nepal. Follow her :) 
Good Morning  A still from the music video I did where I play his Minnie :))) Cuteness! 
dcamrit1 thank you :) 
poojamcflylfc so are you my love :) 
Never have amp; never will endure the male dominance.And it's a humble plea to all of you to raise your voice against Viiolence Against Women!! 
rumblefish01 oooohh, you are doing a movie course? All the best amp; can't wait to work with you.. :) 
dearbimal amar_babu Why are people so lecherous? 
LastBus_2Ktm hahahah too many questions :) Just come to the event :) 
sureshdarpan hehehehehehe can't wait to see you :) 
rumblefish01 oh shit.... awww it's okay then... :) 
I'll be the happiest if my  came to this event. Will you come? 
amar_babu alikati kastha uthaaunus please :) 
sureshdarpan awww, thank you Suresh dai but you gotta be dressed Bollywood :) see you :) 
khaklyaksoltee I will be happy if you came to this event :) 
rumblefish01 hahah, and come if you can :) 
amar_babu come :) 
adrishya_ Chiluwal Come :) 
Chiluwal hahahahah 
jennyshrestha great night ahead love... or in case you are in a different time zone, good day :) 
rumblefish01 it's okay. Ignorance is bliss :) 
sparkyoung9 I love my  too :) thank you :)) 
khaklyaksoltee you are lovely :) 
I'm performing on a Bollywood dance number this Friday. Check the link for more details. So who all will I see? :) 
Wearing Swornim Rai's fab creation for an event promotional shoot :) Like it? 
And tht hurts me. Bt I smile amp; forgive amp; u start the feud again. I'm sorry, if u cnt be nice, u're out of my life!! 
FYI: I reply to ur tweets cuz it's right, but some of u take it in a wrong way amp; start being offensive! 
mittalritesh I'm sorry we can't. Twitter's for public interactions amp; I'm gna ban demeaning qustns. So if u hv things to ask,here I am. 
soip07 shrestha_dipesh uff... Hahahahah 
mittalritesh dherai puraano photo ho tyo :) thank you though :)) 
rblionel :)))) 
Ani aaja kheer khaaney din pani rahechha... maile ta pakaayera khaaye, what about you all? 
Thank God I took a day off today. It's such a lovely day to be staying home. Loving it!! 
soip07 shrestha_dipesh nahiiiiii....., :P kidding.. Goodnight boys :) 
nissanpokhrel really, truly... Ani Pinku haina, Prinku. ;) Goodnight sugar.. X. 
My heart is so much happier whenever I log in to Twitter. Magical amp; it's all because of you guys. My  rock!! :) 
soip07 shrestha_dipesh hahahahahahahahhahahahahah.... :D 
rumblefish01 I can't thank you enough for this never ending love amp; support. You rock. :) 
sparkyoung9 rblionel mann santushta bhayera smile gareko :) 
dambarsingh thank you so much... Hahaha :) 
mittalritesh awww thank you :) 
khaklyaksoltee awwww, you, cuteness.. Thank you for the never ending love.. X 
rblionel kina, energy ko laagi red bull nai chahinchha? Can you not be an energetic person without these energy boosters? :) 
shrestha_dipesh soip07 sad news, aba music videos haru nagarney bichaar maa chhu... Herum k hunchha ;) 
Tired but working keeps me alive. Bring it ON!!! More work needed. ;) 
:))) :)))) :))))) 
At the Miss Global contest. All the best girls. :)) 
nissanpokhrel all's well on my side too :) 
MilanCFC hat do yo meanw earing shorter than yours????? I am 5' 6.5 :) 
Start the day, dance with me ;) My performance at Miss Nepal 2013 :) 
PrachandaNepal Dear dai, don't be so trashy! It's a humble request from your bahini :) 
With the legendary Rekha Thapa didi.... she is amazing :) Good morning  :)) 
PoojaMcFlyLFC Check your DM :) 
PrachandaNepal This was the surprise I was talking about you lecherous person... hmphhhhh!! 
khaklyaksoltee yes please :) 
So what's up my  Hope all's well. X. 
Had a long day, shot for a music video where I play Minnie Mouse. Ain't that cute!! :D 
prachandanepal hahahah, amoinaa, I didn't mean to do that. I have a surprise for you. Wait for it. :)) 
nissanpokhrel I'm an occassional wine drinker... And more often a Long Island Iced Tea/Martini girl. Always under control. :) 
surajthapa98 hahaha, sweet. :) 
 :) Drink responsibly and to my boys, don't be uttaaulo.... And be gentlemen... ;) 
My  are my favorite stressbusters. Thanks for all the smiles you put on my face.  
surajthapa98 I get that a lot. And even Britney for that matter. Funny.. :P 
mrnakulpatel hehe, was just pulling your leg. Enjoy your parties....:)) 
mrnakulpatel gotta come to Nepal... Don't make a girl work for her drinks :( ;) 
sankalpa1 that's so nice of you... Thank you so much.. I'm all smiles :)) 
mrnakulpatel mujhe bhi chahiye party.... :( and congratulations :)) 
prachandanepal hehehe.. Good on you brother. ;) 
mrnakulpatel good and breathing...you? Hope all's well. :)) 
surajthapa98 hahahaha :) 
poojamcflylfc will let you know haii.... :) 
mrnakulpatel thank you Nakul :) x 
copsgrunz23 bujhina.. :( 
bewitchkapil freakieesillu u knw, ppl ask us,"Who are u wearing?", we answer, "I'm wearing (for instance) subexyabhadel ." It's like tht. 
nissanpokhrel you know I am a distinction student, even in my filmmaking course.. I was a full scholarship student.. :) 
nissanpokhrel padhai ma dhyaan deu na babu :) 
soip07 huss... bit I need your support and good wishes with me all along :) 
freakieesillu yes, I would love to wear you :) 
freakieesillu we don't... international celebs do.... we wear our fab Nepali designers.. we don't earn that well to afford an intnl one :) 
soip07 thank you :))) 
freakieesillu Hahaha, sorry.. copied designs laaunu hunna ni ta... ani it was Nationa Awards Ceremony, so sari was an apt choice :) 
freakieesillu :) 
nissanpokhrel hahah, please padhai maa dhyaan deu... I am good...phone off and focus.. :) 
freakieesillu It's okay.each to their own..... 
nas_wagle Swornim ho... :) Keti ko naam Kiran hunchha bhaney Swornim hudaina...? 
bewitchkapil hahahahahahahahahahahah you are so funny.... kaha baata pauchhau k yesto photo? 
soip07 uff liar.... Ai aba Nepali film herney baani banaunu paryo :) 
nas_wagle Yes She ho :) 
nas_wagle ma pani aafnai fan ho bhaneko... jiskeko :P 
bewitchkapil naraamro laagyo 
bewitchkapil please nachana... ma pani herchhu 
soip07 Nisha :) 
Aba pugyo aaile ko laagi Twitter ko replies... Bharai bhetchhu :))) 
soip07 maile bujhina???? :( 
nas_wagle ma pani :P 
nas_wagle Thanks to Swornim Rai,the talented designer. Please spread the word..She deserves accolades. Her studio is in Old Bhatbhateni :) 
ashtonnsojho soip07 hahahahahah I was so chubby... and it was during my 1st movie shoot.. I had just come from US... :P 
amritkhadka97 soip07 aafai bujhney huss :) 
rblionel *blushing* 
soip07 tei ta Nishu chahi k ta? 
soip07 ko? Bhana ta... 
rblionel no...... :) 
nas_wagle Yes :))) 
amritkhadka97 soip07 ho ta :) 
rblionel awwwww... but she's more beautiful :) 
soip07 uffff... kaada ko aakha maa kaadai sansar :P :) 
nas_wagle thank you for the love :) 
apilbista awwwww, thank you :) 
rblionel :) :) :) 
Nick10155887 Thank you :) 
Me amp; Nishu, aren't we gorgeous? :P Kidding... :) 
One of my favorite photos :) XX 
Had a king size breakfast at The Coffee Shop with my parents. It's a blessing to get to hv breakfast together, :). Gd morn  
bijaychap hoping for the best :) 
jayasankarn it's a photoshoot for  :) She's an awesome designer. :) 
binay_s no, I was Tina in Gharbeti Ba... :) 
nissanpokhrel you made my morning so much better than it already has been....love... 
prachandanepal you crack me up.... Are you on crack? :P 
prachandanepal eeeewwww...... 
Done with the TVC shoot of  The last one from the Galaxy series... It was fun!! :) 
nissanpokhrel :* 
khaklyaksoltee :)) 
bijaychap awww, thank you so much. I'm glad you think of me so highly. Your good wishes will help me get far :) 
NirajanNire hhah thank god I am not in your college amp; thank ZGod I have already finished my studies :P 
nissanpokhrel will do... take care, and sleep well... :) 
nissanpokhrel sorry bub, haven't checked my Fb inbox.... 
NirajanNire comedy haina raamro :) 
nissanpokhrel shooting and busy with my family :) 
Felt amazing dancing while he was singing. The one amp; only Mr. Udit Narayan Jha. :) Goodnight  xo 
nissanpokhrel i have too many things in my plate right now. Sorry for not keeping up bub. :))) 
khaklyaksoltee hahaha, mffavorite bhai here's my fav di's twitter handle malvikasubba :) 
nissanpokhrel subexyabhadel she is Nepal's top fashion designer. :) 
A huge shoutout to my favorite and I believe everybody's favorite too.... Follow subexyabhadel, she is the flyest thing on Twitter... XO 
NirajanNire britneyspears hahahaha I get that a lot ;) 
Wearing the fab subexyabhadel at Malvika di's B'day. Red hot, isn't it? :) 
rumblefish01 say whatttt??? :) 
kripashrestha4 thank you... So are you :) 
santosh555 27th Feb. :) 
Kathmandu looks like a forlorn bride today. Why o why???!! 
Performing waltz in the classic song, "Kanchhi Hey Kanchhi"... Loved it... Good morning  :) 
Listening to britneyspears' old songs is an instant-relief to my heart :) 
Wearing rt_labung. You are a supergirl. Thanks for sending this beauty of an outfit all the way from UK. Love u. :) 
NirajanNire sristee44 was.... but not officially divorced... :) 
deodharmendra the feeling of being content. And the fact that I haven't done anything wrong ;) hahah, thank you for noticing :) 
apilbista Thank you so much Apil Ji..... Were you there? Or you watched it on TV? 
Josephshrestha oh yes, I am a God loving and God fearing person :) 
sanjitshresth have been doing that till now.... :) and the result is awesome, even though there are times you breakdown... 
SigdelKalyan :( 
SigdelKalyan Ignore the tweet if you get irritated.... the polls are for my real sweethearts... thank you... 
sanusbb2 ;) :P 
karmaamoksha awww, thank you so much... I am overwhelmed... xxxx 
Fairycastalia thank you xx 
rumblefish01 how can I forget you :)))) 
NirajanNire sristee44 yes go ahead :) 
Someone I can count on.We started our journey together,the same year. Nisha, I love u. :))) 
PrachandaNepal hahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahhahahahahahaa 
Good morning  my beautiful sari is by Swornim Rai amp; Hair amp; MUA is the fab Sakil Kunwar. :) 
Bhangero my follow back will be a surprise...  is a dark political satire :) and thank you for the love :) 
Shreyashka_911 I have always loved acting. So I would love to be known as an actor, a brilliant performer, hands down :) 
sujanthegreat time will tell :) 
ashtonnsojho Trust me, I am happiest to be sharing the screen with him :) Thank you. xx 
anan_stha PrachandaNepal No :) I was married, remember? 
soip07 ustai ustai ho babu :P 
UtsavBista That's not my personal website. It's under construction.... in the same name.. :) 
amiking19 I don't indulge in it. Know nothing about it. :) 
slysophie PrachandaNepal wishful thinking nai ho :)) 
chapagain I used to endorse Close Up,used it then bt now I hv shifted to Sensodine,Colgate nw amp; the secret is the content heart :) 
anan_stha hahahahahahahahha, 1000 :) 
apsster SambYPant Friends call me PK, and Prinku :) 
SambYPant apsster Kaali, Prinku, Chhoru :D 
Nick10155887 That's for you to tell. I am non-judgmental. Meaning I don't judge others, amp; I don't judge myself. I appreciate. ;) 
Pranapk Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder... So does sexiness.. that might be my secret... ;) 
I am ready to fire back. Answering NOW.  
sanusbb2 I can't exactly tell you the difference, but there's this strong sense of belonging between us, we're both Karki :) 
Keep the questions coming. I'm waiting. Will answer them all after 30 minutes. :) 
Why are you  not RETWEETING? I want to do a Qamp;A session. You guys don't want it? :'( 
Ok  I'm ready for another Qamp;A session. We'll start in an hour. Ask me the toughest questions, RT this. BRING IT ON! 
Rain makes me want to listen to Celine Dion's tragic ballads. What does it make you do? :) 
mrnakulpatel xo :) 
nissanpokhrel :) :)) :))) :)))) the number of chins is increasing... Thanks :) 
sanjitshresth I think its a bad thing tht every1 can see my vulnerability, bt the best part is u guys still love me. :) 
nirajannire sristee44 kina? Pandit nai chahinchha ra naam raakhna? Haha, thank you though! 
parakramrana mrnakulpatel haha, US THREE ;) 
sristee44 yes younger to me... Pranit is his name... :) 
sristee44 bhai haru... uff 
nissanpokhrel thank you :) 
sanjitshresth totally... thanks for noticing... xx 
MrNakulPatel can I be a little too immodest and say that I actually did? ;) Thank you Nakul :) 
mrnakulpatel Yes I was the title winner. And also, Miss Personality. Miss Talent. Miss Intelligent. Haha :) 
Judging these lovely girls reminded me of myself when I was a participant at Miss Teen Nepal 2005. Precious memories. :) 
sayalshrestha22 Life I know!!! 
PoojaMcFlyLFC Thank you :) Yes, it went ok... not as expected though... See you soon... :) 
Too busy a day today's going to be.. Judging the talent round at Miss Global International amp; then a dinner event at Hyatt. Let's kill it!! 
deodharmendra thanks a lot :) 
born_to_rul Shiiivu haami Nepali :) 
Shiiivu born_to_rul thank you :) 
sanjitshresth :) 
sanjitshresth real tattoo. thinking of removing it amp; yes, thts wht the video's sayin.no matter how sick she is, c'll dance amp; enjoy her life 
bewitchkapil tyehi aasha chha :) 
Ps, in the music video, I'm wearing a fab gown by subexyabhadel, styled by SayalShrestha22 amp; Hair amp; MUA by Dipu Paudel.. A lovely song. 
My new music video.... Hope you'll like it.. Goodnight  Share your views with me.. 
born_to_rul are you sure it's me? because I don't think people know me there :) Thank you though... xx 
asishsyangden goshrestha so?????? 
nissanpokhrel invalid image bhanchha :( 
nissanpokhrel khoi ta pathaako? :( 
asishsyangden nighty night :))) 
nissanpokhrel check your DM :) 
nissanpokhrel check DM :) 
asishsyangden exhausted... will see you soon.. goodnight dai :0 
nissanpokhrel eti dherai maya.... :( I am so overwhelmed... thank you so much... awwwww... my heart just melted.. 
asishsyangden hahahahahah... still at rvl? 
nissanpokhrel Goodnight bub :) 
sanjitshresth daylight makes me happy... even the song by maroon5 :) 
nissanpokhrel love love and lots of love :) 
nissanpokhrel always will... just keep having faith in me :) 
nissanpokhrel awwww... you might as well make me cry now... love.. 
asishsyangden active hunai paryo ni... these guys are so good to me.. they make me feel so special.... tei bhayera dai :) 
sthanimesh awwww thank you so much... you always make me smile... :) 
khaklyaksoltee you are too kind :) 
nissanpokhrel hehehe 
nissanpokhrel and thank you my love for always being there.. you are so kind :) 
nissanpokhrel sorry if I let you down... but will surely be the one enxt time... love... :) 
bewitchkapil next time for sure :) 
AFC_Karki hopefully :) thank you..x 
rblionel thank you for the motivation... you rock :) 
basnetrajat awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww :) 
sanjitshresth thank you so much :) goodnight love...x 
SigdelKalyan she is a talented new actress... pretty I tell you :) 
SigdelKalyan awww thank you :) for always being there :) 
SujanUday you just made me smile genuinely... x 
chapagain isn't she? :) 
FaizanNepaleo Thank you :) 
Ps, Nisha amp; I are still gonna party hard. Hahahaha. Muahs. 
Love you all. Just remember that you guys are mine. Just mine.  
Still, thank you my  for the love amp; support. For having faith in me. I promise, this girl will make you the proudest one day. 
So the winners are Jiwan Luitel - Best Actor, amp; Neeta Dhungana - Best Actress. Congratulations. :) 
My my, my beautiful friend Nisha Adhikari is looking uber gorgeous. Love this girl. My partner in crime. :) 
pan_kaji that's a fanmade website. My personal one is under construction :) 
Backstage amp; laughing at the duo's comedy act. Are you loving the show sweethearts? I know a little too long the show's becone... :P 
Tweeting secretly while Basanta Ji is giving his speech. I'm so mischievous. Hahaha.  
sureshdarpan true dai. Thank you so much for always believing in me :) 
nissanpokhrel yes can't wait to read it. :)))) awwwww 
And Happy Birthday ParakramRana, keep rocking like you always do. Sending lots of love. Xxx 
Pictures will be up soon,  :) 
So much love frm u all. Blessed. Now in the green room,Sakil Kunwar's doing my hair amp; makeup amp; I'm wearing Swornim Rai's fabulous saree :) 
jennyshrestha thank you sweets xx 
beingprabesh emceeing with Rajesh Hamal. Performing with.....,for that you'll have to watch it live... :) 
hejnalb hopefully.... Love... :) 
nissanpokhrel awwwww love :) 
bachcha_ thank you so much :) 
rt_labung thank you fabulous girl xxxx :) 
rblionel thank you :) 
I'm part emceeing with Superstar Rajesh Hamal. I'm performing. Woohoo. Don't forget to watch it live on TV Filmy, starts at 3. 
Today's the day,National Film Awards-Best Actress,hope I win because of ur love amp; support  not, we'll party hard anyway. ;) 
Happy Birthday to my most favorite didi malvikasubba , you've always inspired me. I love you so much it's insane :) 
shaketadh glad they do :) 
SigdelKalyan thank you :) 
shaketadh watched :) 
Waiting in the petrol line is one of the most dreaded things in my life. Sigh!! 
sujanthegreat hopefully :) 
shaketadh i love larger than life, over the top romance, and also biopics. :) 
apilbista haha oh God.. PC didn't tweet to me... It was one of her fanpages that did... But yes, the fanpage is followed by c though. :) 
sujanthegreat I am performing Waltz this Saturday at the National Film Awards.. 
sujanthegreat rehearsals and rehearsals :) 
kripashrestha4 thank you bahini :) 
rblionel they are more than enough :) Thank you :) 
Josephshrestha awwwwwww :) 
aashishdark thanks :) 
jennyshrestha hmmm I am salivating... looks yum... great day xxxxx 
This was right after Miss Teen Nepal 2005. I was so young amp; naive but so much content with life. Hahaha, look at me.. 
sanusbb2 bindas life... have fun :) 
suman_gaire hahahahaha kasko treat? ;) 
bipin977 have fun.. good day :) 
jennyshrestha find fun then... I am sure you will... much love :) 
khaklyaksoltee all the best :) 
anaasriz Happy Srawan festivities :) Good day :) 
sujanthegreat all the best... ace the papers :) 
rblionel good day :) 
SayalShrestha22 you are beautiful :) 
Good morning :) What are your plans for today? 
shaketadh have already watched all of them... Haha... Aru? 
sigdelkalyan good morning :) 
