text 
KatrinaNation I interned for him right before The Nation internship! "Salesman" is my favorite documentary of all time. 
Heres the secret, he said. The human desire to reveal is greater than the human desire to conceal. I never, ever forgot that. (5/5) 
Do what? he said. Get these people to open up to you like this? I said. [Watch Salesman or Gimme Shelter to see what I mean.] (4/5) 
His docs are amazing, intimate portraits of people, famous and unknown, rich and poor, so I asked him: How do you do it? (3/5) 
One day, I got to the office early and it was just us. He was from Boston, like me, so I got up the courage to approach him amp; say hi. (2/5) 
The documentarian-genius Albert Maysles died Thursday. I was his intern back in 2003. I was there during the great black out of NYC. (1/5) 
A bunch of Obama alums, including me, want Elizabeth Warren to run for President. Props to hass_c for organizing 
Five years ago today, I got rid of my iPhone. 
"Take radishes, for example; once they agreed with me, then I found them indigestible, and now they agree with me again." - Montaigne 
Patrick Modiano is my pen name. 
David Brooks' bold solution: purge the Benzes from Harvard's parking lots. 
They were the worst of Americans; they were the best of Americans. Hidebound school committee v student dissenters: 
Just led a "Shame on you" chant as we passed the Fox News HQ in midtown.  
Have been waiting for over 2 hrs on 58th st to join the march. Either this is a huge march or I am in the purple tunnel of  
Best poster yet at  
On our way to the People's Climate March 
Why did they have to cancel Freaks and Geeks?  
panoramix8 Amazing pic! 
My dad's latest RT haaretzcom 'Pro-Israel' now equals 'Greater Israel' in Bostons subway map wars 
kleinmatic I believe Larry David says "why dont you have "Nation." 
Here's the Brother Mouzone clip: "Tomorrow first thing ...you get Harpers. Also TheNation." 
Watching The Wire (for the third time). Got a swelling of pride when Brother Mouzone castigated his underling for not getting him TheNation 
GrayShadowTech goldietaylor yup -- and that's a disgrace. this officer needs to be held accountable. 
"..short movement of life, that they seek - as we do - nothing but the chance to live out their lives in purpose and happiness" -- RFK 2/2 
"But we can perhaps remember - even if only for a time - that those who live with us are our brothers, that they share with us the same" 1/2 
"We learn..to look at our brothers as aliens, men with whom we share a city, but not a community." - Bobby Kennedy 
"I am not your brother" is the perfect expression of what's wrong with America right now. "I am not your brother" is our national malady. 
"I am not your brother," says a white St. Paul cop before tasing a black man in front of his children. 
DolapoAina lol no! I love his writing. My wife is a friend of his. Novel draft finished. Hope you are well. Happy writing! 
Name a better essayist right now than tejucole 
The best wisdom my grandpa ever gave me: "When someone says 'It's not about the money,' it's always about the money." 
In times like this, I turn to James Baldwin: 
One of the bravest and most insightful pieces I've ever read about racism: "Heart of Whiteness" by Tobias Wolff 
It was Clinton's craven drug war policy that led to absurdly over-armed local police forces. Consequences of that are playing out tonight. 
Have been watching the PBS doc "Eyes on the Prize" all week. Ferguson police behavior disturbingly reminiscent of Selma's circa 1965. 
Unbelievable. Yet sadly believable. Ferguson police arrest black WaPo reporter WesleyLowery for seemingly no reason 
I hate the way the media romanticizes depression as "darkness" or "demons." It's a serious disease, not some kind of spiritual malady. 
Sadly discovered that The Neverending Story is terrible. 
There is a graffiti artist whose tag has been appearing around Park Slope; the tag is literally "Kale Chips" 
Finally caved and got a nose hair trimmer  
Can we ban mini-drones in public parks already? 
A perfect example of how not to answer a question and how not to back down when someone won't answer your question 
RIP Mother Sister. 
sashagila's Paris Review interview with Henri Cole! 
AdamSerwer did you see tnyfrontrow's take? Also amazing 
"the jury is still out on whether this one will end up being a financial disaster or merely a moral one" 
My dream: to finish my novel. And then see it printed on Anna's Taqueria burrito wrappers. 
"Under a neatly sewn collar, that heart races. Under pressed pants, desire lurches." -sashagila 
Appalling barbarism: "'no viable point of entry was located..' A doctor, the letter said, 'went to the groin area'" 
Glad we got rid of another dumb racist. Now how about getting rid of our dumb, racist mass incarceration system? 
In Eric Foner's class at Columbia. Most salient thing I've learned: how present the Civ War is. Just read the paper 
A reader of Ta Nehisi Coates' blog compiled a list of all of the books he's discussed there. It's pretty impressive 
Just discovered "Eyes on the Prize" is free on Amazon Prime right now. First episode blew my mind. 
michaelhafford yes, kshartnett just  
KSHartnett checks out the world's best 15-year-old bball player 
My dad's op-ed in Haaretz RT haaretzcom Michael Felsen: Bostons Jews: Say No to Pamela Gellers savage hate 
Ridiculous that NCAA co-opted Civ Rights anthem "This Little Light of Mine" given its brazen exploitation of athletes 
RIP Peter Matthiessen. Few phrases have stayed with me like this one: "...that acceptance which is not fatalism but a deep trust in life. 
stevensonseth let me meditate on that (in the meditation room, tonight) and get back to you. 
You have to buy a Brooklyn Nets ticket to gain access to the meditation room. Still: probably one of the cheapest ways to meditate in NYC. 
The apotheosis of Brooklandia: there is now a "meditation room" at the Brooklyn Nets arena! 
RichardKimNYC "His hatred was banal" is such a terrific line. 
"...impossible to quantify, but I bet Phelps was direct-mail gold." The great RichardKimNYC on the death of a bigot 
Task  for the weekend (if not tonight): read AmosBarshad's Wu-Tang piece. So many incredible quotes and scenes. 
Went to a 1-man Bway show with my wife last night and the actor was sick. Her take on the fantastic understudy 
Here's sashagila's podcast with Andrew_Solomon about his remarkable new profile of Adam Lanza's father 
"Were in Successories territory here, and even great actors cant pull that off." emilynussbaum on True Detective 
agolis stop making it harder for me to get by telling everyone! 
RT me if you believe I am my own hero in 10 years. 
Cate Blanchett  of the century thanking the makeup person who "tried to make me attractive." 
Gravity: worst movie of the year. (Would have been redeemed if all dialogue was cut.) 
My anti-Resurrection tweet nipping at Ellen's most-RT'd heels. 
RT this if you already HATE "Resurrection." 
RichardKimNYC give the guy some credit for forcing fox to televise a show on astrophysics! 
Hollywood actors eat pizza? That's so human. 
I can't remember a better Oscar speech -- pitch perfect. 
This Bono song is called "I Singlehandedly Saved Africa." 
The guy who just called his wife his "backup singer" in his speech is about to get divorced. 
Did John Stamos get invited to the Oscars just so he could photobomb people? 
1/6 of the world just got depressed listening to that song. 
If Vladimir Putin doesn't somehow win Best Actor, Best Director and Best Picture, I have no respect for him as a dictator. 
Did DiCaprio really just say that he was proud that Wolf of Wall Street was "showing the humanity" of American wealth obsession? 
Extremely substantive conversation about slavery occurring between ABC's red carpet correspondent and Chiwetel Ejiofor. 
"Sandra Bullock, who was LITERALLY out of this world in her role in Gravity."  
I'm in Eric Foner's Civil War class at Columbia. He mentioned today's call for war in Syria amp; said "Michael Ignatieff ought to know better." 
Don't worry. Soon Putin will show up and pry open that fifth ring with his bare hands. 
If you think the way to become president is to smear someone for something he did in high school, you're probably not fit to be president. 
"When I finished [Middlemarch] I expected a Publishers Clearing House-type van to pull up to my house" 
Uh oh. --gt; "Happy is the hearing man; unhappy, the speaking man." -- Emerson 
peterrothberg yes! it got a little misty over here... 
peterrothberg you gotta watch that Frontline. i'm surprised there isn't an organized boycott. 
I watched the playoffs, guiltily, but I'm gonna boycott the Superbowl. 
SkyeWinspur same thing could be said for Lincoln, and his getting pressured by abolitionists, no? 
Richard Sherman was just venting after a lifetime of being called "The Shermanator" by his peers. 
Shifting the paradigm on gay rights and marijuana, in long run, are going to be among the most impt parts of O's legacy - if not the most 
jb713 thanks a lot 
"[A] thousand things..I wish white people understood." ICYMI, my big interview with Chappelle's Show's nealbrennan 
I intvwed nealbrennan, co-creator of Chapelle's Show, about race in America. A fascinating convo (for me at least!) 
Couldnt agree more w/David Simon. Political operatives live for the rewards of loyalty. Only go anonymous when they're attacking the boss. 
"What good does it do a political operative to screw over the opposition if you cant then tell your boss about it?" 
At the Jay Z concert with my wife and in-laws  
How the opening of "Girls" echoes adellewaldman's "Love Affairs of Nathaniel P." Another great post by sashagila 
Another year, another non-nomination for a TV show by David Simon. Unbelievable. 
MullerStephen hahahaha 
tdotknee i'll send it over once i get through this writer's block and finish the fucking draft 
JimGaffigan Murdercue 
Optimistically waiting for that miraculous moment when this novel writes itself. 
The moment when Christie found out his staff lied to him 
Mlsif tomorrow!? how about this moment! 
Christie right now is the living embodiment of "doth protest too much." 
One wonders what Bridget Kelly was offered to keep quiet while/after getting thrown under this megabus. (Or maybe she won't). 
Terrific David Simon interview by guardian on the Drug War 
Why do we not have auto-breakfast yet? MT DavidGrann Asimov Predicts in 1964 What the World Will Look Like..in 2014 
Advice for De Blasio re snowstorm: however tempting it may be, do not fly to Bermuda on a private jet. 
mcbyrne thx! 
Does anyone use a mobile hotspot device as your main internet connection at home? Time Warner Cable is so slow it makes me miss AOL dial-up. 
Resisting urge to live-tweet everything in "The New Jim Crow." The  of ppl in jail/prison for drugs has increased 1100 since 1980. 1110! 
NYT needs to change their stupid headline. This is not about "admitting" substance abuse. It's about speaking openly about depression. 
agolis here's the video. 
agolis surely, but really, NYT, with the screaming "Breaking News" headline on this? 
Golden age of nonfiction or the nadir of fiction? 8/10 of DwightGarner's top books of the year are non-fiction 
Great piece by KSHartnett re origins of Dickens' Christmas Carol. Did he steal the story from Lowell mill workers? 
heymjh or  ? 
This ad, for a nearly million-dollar home - or is it a burial plot? - is all you need to know about Brooklyn today. 
The New Yorker's cover: 
noahmccormack if i were david simon, i would despise you! :) 
Ppl who talk about how much they love "The Wire" have a moral responsibility to watch "Treme." Have some damn patience. It's a masterpiece. 
I prefer "Hanksgiving" to "Thanksgivukkuh" 
"No retreat, no surrender, no going back. The only way out is through." Amen, chrislhayes 
"Library funding...may be diverted to a new jail" 
Mr. de Blasio, he declared, is black and white. 
I felt like I was reading a 1930s edition of the New York Times reading this. Pretty disquieting stuff: 
Amen -gt; "In the end, we cant lose, he said. We have William Shakespeare. 
RT billy_baker Big crowd just stood on marathon finish line and blocked Boylston. People kissing the yellow stripe. 
Awesome, classic Koji pic RT WesleyLowery 9s Globe homepage right now: CHAMPIONS AGAIN  
Bearded Sox victors: "World Series, down. On to liberating the working people of the world!" 
nxthompson except DeBlasio also openly admits it. 
samsteinhp you're so 2004... 
Anyone know how rare it is to elude a pickle? (Non-baseball fans, feel free to weigh in with punny nonsense). 
skgreen noahmccormack me neither! noah: immediately produce the stat of how often players elude a pickle 
Fair point. But, shut it, Redcoat. RT Ed_Miliband Red Sox fans who went through 1986, 2003 do not celebrate victory in top of 5th inning 
noahmccormack pretty sure my pops left too! 
skgreen Alas, true. But I did get to see Game 5, which I argue, was the best game of the series. Wakefield dominance, Big Papi walkoff... 
noahmccormack I did turn around on I-95 to try amp;catch the end of the game once I heard "The Steal" on the radio, but it was, alas, too late 
Secretary of GIF RT BuzzFeedSports John Kerry dot HIGH FIVE dot gif 
True story: I was a vendor at Fenway in 2004 and actually left the game once my shift was over, missing Dave Roberts' steal. Never do that. 
"I admire Big Papis plunging mid-cheek parenthesis" - Roger Angel on the bearded bros 
In the words of Stephen A, if you aren't moved by this, "you are not human" 
This is how to waste money on social media when you're running for office. 
Still (pleasantly) surprised that a whole stadium of Bostonians routinely sings "Every litte thing, is gonna be alright."  
Grailz you're on! 
Red Sox making me very self-conscious about my inability, at 32 years old, to grow a real beard. 
I prefer Obamurdercare RT DavidCornDC: I missed this: MicheleBachmann called Obamacare "Deathcare." 
DavidEpstein "The Bear Came Over the Mountain." Utter masterpiece 
If there's one writer capable of silencing my annual "Why didn't Roth win?!" rant, it's Alice Munro. 
If you're in town, come check out sashagila with NathanEnglander and Edwidge Danticat at BellHouseNY 
Bloomberg: If you're white and admit you have a black spouse, you're racist. Unless you're a Russian billionaire. 
"It was if she were saying 'GIF me now.'" sashagila on the contwerkversy of the century 
Seamus Heaney: "And lightening?... A phenomenal instant when the spirit flares / With pure exhilaration before death--" via EmLeithauser 
Rare speech audio of Chicago preacher Archibald Carey, Jr. reveals inspiration for MLKings I Have a Dream 
RT Chirlane Got a second to check out Bill on Buzzfeed? I think this list means Bill is officially cool: 
This is a chilling statement//Do not be fooled Col Mulligan said He is not giving his life. We are taking his 
Visualization of every protest since 1979. This is really cool - make sure you watch till end: via minkat 
Anyone know where to find Clinton's "end welfare as we have come to know it" 1992 campaign speech? Link to DLC site via wikipedia is down. 
At least deBlasio has the right kind of loyalty. Quinn prob supported whichever team Bloomberg told her to -- first the Sox, then the Yanks 
I say this as a Boston native and Sox fan: a Yanks fan running for mayor would not fly in Boston, but hopefully NYers aren't that ridiculous 
NCAA Rules Say Marine Veteran Is Ineligible To Play Football Because Of Military Rec League via BenMathisLilley 
What brianbeutler learned from getting shot 
Got a $10,000 copay bill for recent surgery. Called surgeon's office and they're like "We can reduce that to $100."  
"inequality...is not just a moral blight on our era but also, ultimately, a threat to New Yorks economic viability and social peace." 
DeBlasio leads latest NYC mayoral poll. Anyone who's scared his progressive policies will destroy NYC must read -gt; 
"Experts: Tree drips with bug excrement, not tears" via BenMathisLilley 
Given Holder announcement, any word on whether David Simon is going to create season 6 of The Wire? 
Stop-frisk ruling + Holder's proposed mandatory minimum ban historic, groundbreaking... potentially game-changing. 
Amped to see SIDavidEpstein's book is on  on Amazon! Here's a cheat sheet, but buy and read the whole thing 
The new WOODward and BURNstein are KINDLE and FIRE 
Next Bezos move: buy rights to every single billboard and replace existing displays with text "I'm rich biyatccch" 
Bezos tried to buy Slugline, balked at $2 billion asking price, settled for lowly Post. 
KatrinaNation The first time I read this it appeared to me that Bezos bought the Nation too!! 
The Washington Post-Modern 
My latest Buzzfeed piece: 20 Ways To Get My Microniche Audience From My College/State/Profession To Tweet My Piece Before Even Reading It 
Dreamt last night that I was conducting a parisreview interview with BarackObama. We kept the convo to books and his writing process. 
genius. anyone who was on the fence abt mumford being insanely corny has to be a bit more wobbly on that fence now 
Lesson to writers from George Saunders insanely viral grad speech: it's okay to praise decency once in a while. Stuff other than snark sells 
Do..ambitious things..get rich..famous, innovate, lead, fall in love..but as you do..err in the direction of kindness 
"None of the nations 200,000-plus fast-food restaurants are unionized." A movement to change that is happening now 
chrislhayes this one is even better - "Hillary in the House" 
sashagila's review of Adelle Waldman's "Love Affairs of Nathaniel P." Is she a good critic or what? 
most important tweet of the year/decade/century rt errolmorris 2h Hey, read a book. 
41yr old Manny: 3 hrs in 8 AAA games! Nolan Ryan hinting he'll be called up 2 Rangers. How he climbed back via Taiwan 
This Wells Tower piece on Marbury in China was basically the inspiration for my Manny in Taiwan piece: 
NWEmbed thanks man i'll never forget that game. up there with watching paul pierce lead a 21-point 4Q comeback against Nets in '02 playoffs 
In case you missed it, my big buzzfeed piece: "This isn't just Manny's shot at redemption; it's the league's too." 
Chris_Naff thanks man - much appreciated. 
liamfmccabe yup! with joe or jake? 
My  piece on Manny in Taiwan "...[T]he highest praise a human being could hope for... Manny being Manny." 
OK, I wrote a Pulitzer-worthy tour de force that you must read MT BenMathisLilley way to sell it. is also boring 
Wrote a big, long piece for buzzfeed about Manny Ramirez in Taiwan. Please give it a look: 
noahmccormack the most important of them all! Aaron Hernandez (ok, not in trial yet) 
There are three "Trials of the Century" happening in Boston right now. 
The perfect July 4th clip via Hamp;K Go to White Castle: "America, Harold, America..." cc: BenMathisLilley kalpenn 
Manny Ramirez signed with the Rangers and apparently agreed to cut his dreadlocks 
For first time, regretting my lack of a TV, b/c I can't watch allinwithchris live tonight instead of later, online. 
Pretty bad day to be delivering arguably the most important speech of your presidency. 
Caesar quote ctd "..It seems to me most strange that men should fear; Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come." 2/2 
Mandela read Julius Caesar in prison amp; underlined-gt; "Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once" 
A day for the history books. SCOTUS news, and now --gt; Former Bieber monkey out of quarantine in Germany  
Can someone please get a Paula Deen reax quote on  We need more shit to talk about on Twitter. 
Trying to picture a scale in Scalia's brain. Sadder that gays won rights or happier that blacks lost them? 
Decisions of last two days affirm that in the eyes of SCOTUS, all deserve equality but some deserve more equality than others.  
You'd better be following AriBerman on  if you aren't already. 
Waiting 4 AriBerman to finish reading the  opinion amp; break it down. In meantime, I'll pointlessly rant about Paula Deen. She's racist! 
I try 2 be patriotic amp; buy American. W/in 1 yr, my MaytagBrand stove broke on Thanksgiving amp; now fridge is gushing water all over my floor. 
DMendelsohn1960 our tweets just crossed wires! Crito=most maddening/inspiring dialogue. I always root 4 Soc to flee, but admire his choice 
..."and is existence worth having on these terms?" 2/2 cc: DMendelsohn1960 
Socrates, like Snowden, loved his state/nation. In Crito, he asks: "Will you then flee from well-ordered cities and virtuous men?" 1/2 
"People turned weird lately." -- via Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment 
Diff btwn Snowden and Socrates, MLK amp; Thoreau: they understood that meaningful civil disobedience requires taking punishment, not fleeing. 
Paula Deen's racist idiocy = bad. Society-wide tendency to ignore / perpetuate de facto segregation = worse. 
"Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a..poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself." -Obama // O Alums, you listening? 
Almost to the date of 19th anniv of OJ's famous Bronco chase (6/17/94), Fox is heli-filming Aaron Hernandez's white SUV.  
Time to rewatch the whole thing.  
"In fact, the expiration date was last week on all your bullshit..." RIP Tony Soprano. 
Got to see Manny Ramirez's last days in Taiwan. Today, announced that he's done there. I'm assuming he'll go to Japan, which is big for him. 
If ur not following ClockersPrice, ur not following one of America's greatest living writers, Richard Price. Get on it! h/t jFellyFels 
Not saying PRISM isnt a big deal, but if only progressives got 1/100th as worked up about povertyamp;inequality as they do about privacy... 
Celebrating Manny-style after homer. Fans in Taiwan: amazing. Going utterly bananas. One dude beating a massive drum 
In Taipei watching Manny Ramirez warm up. A second later he rocketed a homer. That swing is still sublime. 
Tony Parker!! One of the most insane plays I've ever seen in an NBA finals. That was some Larry Bird shit. 
JonHenke they do actually look shockingly similar. i wonder if the drone designer modeled it on the mosquito. 
There is a single mosquito in my hotel room. It's been biting me repeatedly and mocking all of my swat attempts. The terrorist is winning. 
In Taipei to watch Manny Ramirez. Sat down at restaurant w TV on and guess who was on screen? Manny. Crowd formed watching him rip a single. 
BuzzFeedBen em_dash3 but how do you pronounce "schermerhorn"? 
Oh snap - BuzzFeed killing it with the rapid response back-atcha to TheOnion 
"Put your hardhat on" -- KG 
Have a 12-hr stopover in Abu Dhabi. Anyone been there? Please holler w advice on diversions and edibles. 
One of the dopest live performances I can remember from my youth. Kris Kross on In Living Color: 
I definitely wore my pants backwards for a time. RIP Kriss. 
Felton fighting a C's player post-game is really going to help things for the Knicks. 
Violence begets vengeance RT AriBerman JR Smith's idiotic elbow changed this entire series 
Lol'd to see that mikeallen's subject line this morning was "Happy May Day." The left is truly making progress in the Beltway! 
Banana with dredlocks for sale on Amazon. It's not cheap! See first review sternbergh 
NH man lost "life savings..on carnival game and all he has to show for it is a.. banana w dreadlocks." ht sternbergh 
Weiner makes $$$ helping corporations navigate DC and brags: I am a good capitalist. This is a mayoral credential? 
17 super gay moments from Jason Collins. 
How journalism gets done 
Really excited for Lethem's new book. Excerpt from novel and Qamp;A w him via pageturner 
One of those days that makes me happy for the kids and grandkids I don't even have yet. Thank you, Jason Collins. 
Man w Cowboy Hat carries C's to W RT celtics: Marathon hero Carlos Arredondo is here rooting for the Celtics today. 
chrislhayes The guy who co-built it, Sage, is an occupy activist who was in my Occupy Boston story for The Nation 
Monument for victims created by Marathon hero and peace activist Carlos Arredondo (the guy in the cowboy hat) 
agolis Obey Saunders 
 RT billclinton Excited to join ChelseaClinton and my good friend StephenAtHome on Twitter! 
Proud of my dad MT haaretzcom  bombing a chance for the city's  and  to get closer, says Felsen 
Saunders: "tech is exactly situated 2 exploit..crappier angles of r nature: gossip, self-promotion, snarky curiosity" 
My dad on Boston: "our job to prevent ..stigmatising of an entire group on account of..unconscionable acts of a few" 
RajonRondo I know you love sushi so I'm guessing Nobu  
RajonRondo Professor Thoms  
Could just as easily say, why be kind, no? RT JoyceCarolOates Why hurt another person? The great riddle of human existence. 
A pot-smoking, rap-loving, Muslim immigrant from a once-Commie country. Roger Ailes couldn't have dreamed up a more perfect ratings-booster. 
tejucole They will likely use "Chech Me If You Can." 
Perfect image, perfect headline from BostonGlobe: "Alive, Conscious, Captured" 
AlexBanayan hah thanks man! 
We can be cynical and call this jingoism, or we can recognize it for what it is: a community bound by relief and gripped by gratefulness. 
Please, BarackObama, come out in a Sox hat. 
Advice for the President. All you have to say in your presser is: "How do you like them apples." 
ROFL MT BuzzFeedJack may not be the best thing to happen in Boston tonite but it's def close. RT ryanpbroderick 
Few outsiders understand this. The sign of an authentic Boston accent is how people pronounce "o" not "ar." 
It wouldn't be Boston if Mayor Menino didn't give an utterly, utterly unintelligible speech. Love you, Mumbles. 
Amen MT chrislhayes I don't think it's nationalist self-congratulation. I think it's human relief, and it's celebration of a humane outcome 
The real Boston RT bustipsover Yankees suck. 
If ever an image said "Don't f*ck with Beantown," this is it: 
Boston's "More Than a Feeling" was recorded in Watertown. Give it a freakin' spin: 
Get some Newpies too RT AmosBarshad I'm grabbing Natty Ices and posting up at the Dunkins in Bed Stuy. Let's rage 
In addition to Boston Police, let's recognize heroic work of BostonGlobe reporters. Drink a beer and get some sleep guys. Job well done. 
Where I wish I was / am in spirit tonight: Doyle's in Boston. 
rich1 thanks rich! 
Random factoid about Watertown. One of the 3 largest Armenian towns in America. No idea why, but it is. 
chrislhayes We are ALL in a Boston bar tonight. 
Yes. Cops, Marathon vols, Menino, Deval on the duck boat! RT bustipsover DUCK BOATS PLS 
Greater Boston. 
How sweet would it be if the Red Sox game started right now? DO IT SOX. 
FINEST moment RT Boston_Police CAPTURED!!! The hunt is over.The search is done. The terror is over. And justice has won. Suspect in custody 
The Boston way: this city will give the man a fair trial. This is Boston, not Salem circa 1700. 
EVERYBODY CRACK A SAM ADAMS. 
Cop who arrested suspect just pasted this note on the car window h/t KagroX 
SUSPECT ALIVE AND IN CUSTODY! "...and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago." 
Plot from NEW BEDFORD. Man who refuses to quit his insane, hateful pursuit, on a boat in WATERTOWN. Every lit professor is pwned.  
There is a man going down on a boat and people are being arrested in New Bedford. Herman Melville is our puppet master. 
!!! Moby Dick stuff wont stop! MT BostonDotCom BREAKING: New Bedford police...feds... executing a search warrant on home in New Bedford. 
lol RT KagroX RT MichaelSkolnik: CNN reporter on the scene says police are yelling at person in boat  "DO YOU LIKE APPLES?" 
Sadly Larry Flynt is busily trademarking the term "flash bang" right now. 
So smart. So measured. What would America do without his guidance? RT realDonaldTrump Should be public execution for all to see 
Fire in the boat. Brian Williams, astutely, says that is "confusing and interesting." 
"Twd thee I roll thou alldestroying but unconquering whale..from hells heart I stab at thee; for hates sake I spit my last breath at thee" 
elizwgreen i cant remember seeing a literary parallel this vivid. 
Actually good critique MT DylanByers I think news outlets undervalue silence. It's incredibly compelling..yet they rush to fill the noise 
That boat is the new White Bronco. 
brianbeutler it belongs to Andy Samberg, obvs 
HOLY SHIT i cannot believe this guy is about to go down on a boat. The Mass-specific symbolism is actually too intense to be real.  
"The ship! The hearse!..." cried Ahab from the boat; "its wood could only be American!"    
"Oh Ahab," cried Starbuck "not to late is it, even now..to desist. See! Moby Dick seeks thee not. It is thou, thou, that madly seekest him!" 
The Fog of More RT DavidGrann: Twitter fog: Suspect is alive, dead, on the run... 
Truth MT wesyang category error to think that online spectators can provide better account of a complex reality the experienced journalists 
Only in Mass. It appears the suspect is going to go down in a boat, Ahab-style. 
Seriously npr? Using the formulation "palled around" when talking about a friend of the suspect?  
It's definitely time for Larry, McHale, and Chief to reunite and bring this terrorist to justice.  
It's 6pm, they still haven't caught this fool. So I'm cracking a beer and throwing on this jam. 
Link to Bauman's hospital bill fundraiser page in here 
Why we still need public option MT skgreen Bauman..helped ID suspects, is raising $ to pay med bills; one of 1.9 of MA pop. w/o insurance. 
If real, the most eerie of suspect's tweets RT J_tsar If you have the knowledge and the inspiration all that's left is to take action 
maxberger how do we now that's his twitter? 
baratunde Kentucky Bourbon baby! 
In Boston?!? RT kalpenn CNN: "There is, in fact, a Dunkin Donuts." (Breaking News) 
sairaforreal there are 3 sep exam schools in Boston -- Boston Latin School, Boston Latin Academy, and John D O'Bryant (fmly Boston Tech) 
tommyomalley thanks bra. jake is coming to nyc on may 2 we should getup 
sairaforreal AlbredaAylese i went to Boston Latin, which is also a public school 
lilsarg getting my MFA in fiction at Columbia. what about you? 
lilsarg cool - living in brooklyn 
Police officer was only 26. So far, all the victims have been young people. 
lilsarg hah! are you THAT hilary sargent? how are you? 
For the literary-minded among us, Tolstoy's last great work was about a Chechen separatist guerrilla. 
KateOH i know but that's what makes it irresponsible. there *are* good public schools in America 
Weirdest detail - suspect attended a prom party at Boston NPR reporter Robin Young's house. 
SIDavidEpstein you in boston now? 
LOL you idiots it's a public school MT DailyCaller Tsarnaev attended same prestigious prep school as actors Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. 
Not exactly unAmerican RT jodyrosen: From Djohar Tsarnaev's social media page: "Personal priority: Career and money." 
On WBUR, teacher of suspect 2: "He had a heart of gold... gracious, caring, compassionate" 
Friend being itvwd on WBUR says younger suspect "was a laid back kid you could always count on" ... invited him to Superbowl party, normal. 
Good thing he was able to get those assault rifles MT ABCBREAKING: Suspect  believed to have assault rifles, assortment of other weapons 
As someone w parents, a grandma, and friends in Boston, I'd like to say F*ck You to the Senators who fought for rights of madmen to get guns 
All of Boston on lockdown. ALL of an American city. Unreal. 
"Tamerlan says he loves the movie "Borat," even though some of the jokes are a bit too much" 
Wow. So one of the marathon suspects has been caught. But that means another bomb-throwing terrorist is driving an SUV around Boston. Shit. 
Bird, McHale, and Parish need to reunite, drive to Boston right now, and beat the shit out of whoever is doing all this.  
"The two shooters...had a large and unwieldy bomb. 'They lit it, still in the middle of the gunfire, and threw it.'" 
New plan: to drink nonstop until the Celtics playoffs game starts, and then drink some more. 
Hard to sleep when your hometown has a) terror suspects on the loose b) copkiller on the loose c) a grenade-throwing carjacker on the loose 
noahmccormack im glued to the scanner livestream. must be harrowing there. 
Cambridge police scanner link -- 
bustipsover hard to know what the fuck is true or not. but yes, JESUS 
How many of the Senators who voted no yesterday are sleeping soundly right now, instead of following what's happening at MIT? 
Unless police are waiting to release info, MIT shooter has now been on loose for over an hour. 
joshtpm but is there a way to do it without his face continuing to be plastered all over the internet, tv, and newspapers? 
BuzzFeedJack boils. 
MIT now saying "Injuries have been reported... situation is still very active" - so, more than one person hurt? 
marcambinder is it the 7/11 on Mass Ave? If so, pretty insane place for an armed robbery. Tons of ppl around there. 
A lot of Jobs (as in Book of) out there today. 
wbznewsradio wbur there's a shooting happening at MIT. Can we get some coverage? 
Anyone have a good radio stream for MIT news? Nothing on WBUR or WBZ, can't get MIT radio station to stream... 
Sure, nypost if only you had a "crystal ball" you'd cease your decades-old practice of deliberate racial fearmongering. 
For the love of G-d, why does DRUDGE still have the innocent, cleared 17-yr-old up on his site? Take the damn thing down already. 
The nypost already ruined an innocent 17-year-old's life. Let's remember that these guys are suspects. 
Yes a thousand times. RT chrislhayes A reminder: these guys, whoever they are, might be totally innocent. 
MartinSmith28 Reuters apparently of a Dos Equis overdose? 
AndrewCPrice but, like, normal security cams just delete old tapes after a few days. couldnt they just do that w digital files? 
Radlein sure - but like actual security cams, they could just delete footage thats older than a week old 
OK now the nypost has pics of the actual suspects AND the cleared 17 yr old on its homepage. Where is the change boycott petition? 
If I can get an HD camera that fits in my pocket for like 20 bucks, why are security cameras still using 1980s VHS-quality technology? 
Appalling that Drudge and nypost continue to splash images of cleared "suspect." The total lack of empathy for a 17yr old is astounding. 
"There are very few fairweather fans -- if not any -- in Boston" - Kevin Garnett sums up the city's character 
EyalPress he was my neighbor - lived on my block. Set himself on fire in grief over his son. Recovered and became full time peace activist 
I've been teaching writing in a Brooklyn Public School. Overheard today: "'Get thee to a nunnery.' Hamlet was a pimp." 
The Boston hero aka "man with the cowboy hat" was my neighbor - lived on my block. His incredible story: 
New Thomas Jefferson diary entry found expressing wish "that all men, psychopathic, schizophrenic, bipolar, are created equal at gun shows" 
Demockracy. 
America, ladies and gentlemen. RT CNNPolitics: Man arrested with loaded gun on Capitol grounds 
This is amazing, if you're not watching. "Who are we here to represent?" says a confounded Obama. "Are they serious?" 
Obama: "The gun lobby... willfully lied about the bill." Strong language. 
OmarWoodard my point exactly; we need better, but this stuff makes young people cynical. 
David Allen's sequel to "Getting Things Done" will be a profile of Congress called "Getting Nothing Done." 
The number of kids out there thinking "I wanna be in Congress when I grow up": zero. 
Each time a measure that 90 of the public supports gets killed by Congress, it's a win for the proponents of monarchy. 
Amen RT @JoyceCarolOates Bravely journalism rushes in where art fears to tread. 
"Bostonians dont love easy things,they love hard thingsblizzards,the bleachers in Fenway Park,a good brawl over a contested parking space." 
"I do love this city. I love its atrocious accent, its inferiority complex in terms of New York, its nut-job drivers" 
KenBurns sarah_l_burns Thank you for telling their story. Incredible, important film. 
Trump wanted death penalty for 5 innocent teens. He may be the exception to the "if pricked, will bleed" rule  
stevensonseth the worst. 
The New York Post ought to make  mandatory viewing for every single person on its staff. 
From yesterday's debacle to the  can we all agree that the New York Post is one of the worst institutions in America? 
One of the most moving and maddening documentaries I've ever seen. Thank you Ken and Sarah Burns.  
Watching The Central Park Five on PBS. Tune in. Incredible so far -- only 5 mins in 
There's a petition on the WH site urging Obama to award "the man in the cowboy hat" a Presidential Citizens Medal 
Unreal story. The man in the cowboy hat  he saved Jeffs life" 
The Officer In This Now Iconic Photograph Is Boston Police's LGBT Liaison 
No more hurting people. 
Lincoln's letter to Martha Bixby, a Boston mother who lost all five of her sons in the Civil War. Incredibly moving: 
A Lincoln, to a Boston mom: "I feel how weak and fruitless must be any...attempt to beguile you from the grief of a loss so overwhelming." 
One must keep a careful rein upon his gushing instincts, else he will..find himself loving Boston instead of merely admiring it. -Mark Twain 
One of the most winning features of Boston is the politeness.I do not refer to any class particularly.One is civilly treated by all. - Twain 
Granted this is an ad for sneakers, but it's one that hits hard right now. Boston is a Brotherhood fting Kevn Garnett 
richardmskinner agreed - it is a very different city. but the ghosts of the 70s are still everywhere... 
To anyone who wants to understand Boston - and America - read J Anthony Lukas's "Common Ground" 
Never thought I'd see this in my lifetime. Solidarity on the walls of Brooklyn Academy of Music. 
Boston: home of the original Patriots, home of William Lloyd Garrison, home of the 54th regiment, of Malcolm X. Home of the brave. My home. 
tommyomalley good looks 
"Boston is a tough and resilient town. So are its people" - Obama 
billy_baker great job today. thank you for keeping us informed. get some rest! 
"They are, most important of all, human beings whom other human beings loved and needed." - Bobby Kennedy (2/2) 
"The victims of the violence are black and white, rich and poor, young and old, famous and unknown..." (1/2) 
MennahMME Bassem_Sabry i know see my more recent tweet 
Boston, you're my home. 
Gonna go for a jog in my "Celtics Pride" shirt tonight. If you have any Boston gear, rock it tonight. 
John Tlumacki of BGlobeSports took the photo of the incredibly courageous first responders. 
It's very hard to get through to people in Boston now. To free up airspace for those who really need it, text your fam/friends instead. 
Assuming it's real, I have a feeling this is going to be the iconic image. Boston's finest 
ishaantharoor agreed. i feel like some poor intern probably wrote it though. 
The fact that whoever did this, did it on Patriots Day, is particularly sickening. 
Stand tall, Beantown. 
On the train today, I overheard a guy telling a woman he just met: "Have a good day. Make a lot of money."  
To all of you novelists: how do you organize all of your notes? Random pieces of paper all over the place not working very well for me. 
Lit-lolz RT MargaretAtwood JoyceCarolOates: Hi Joyce! Take up the drumsticks! You can do it! xx 
"There are few people who do not become bourgeois at thirty." - via Flaubert 
AnandWrites DOLAPOAINA same here! 
"The past is dead. April Fools! It's not even past." - William Faulkner 
When George Saunders visited my school last year, he said he'd been working on and off on a play about Lincoln. Really hope he publishes it. 
Matzah Man Randy Savage 
alexburrola nice - will have to try! 
jedlewison surefire Broadway hit idea: Matzah Mia 
DanteAtkins i think it's almost as satisfying w/ cream cheese and lox as a bagel is. well, maybe not almost. but almost almost. 
Am I crazy or do you also enjoy the taste of matzah? 
My advice to the youths - not that anyone asked: read a book. 
Whoa - if he'd been there a few years ago I might've applied RT mlcalderone Steve Coll named Dean of Columbia J-School, effective July 1. 
My HS history teacher told me something I never forgot. Best way to stop being prejudiced = get to know someone frm the group you prejudged. 
BenMathisLilley AmosBarshad instant movie deal 
chrislhayes now, if only you can parlay this job into being an NBA live broadcaster... 
Pretty cool to see a kid from the block (i.e. thenation) go head to head against Bill O'Reilly in primetime. Congrats chrislhayes! 
msmeghanbean Penguin just called and they want you to accept a six-figure advance. 
Wonderful pander out of Florida RT JebBush Wonderful news of the selection of Pope Francis, the first Latin American pope. 
msmeghanbean any idea if the new Pope can tango? if so, you should score an intvw with him --gt; instant book deal! 
Old white guy news anchors can't wait for Bergoglio to be renamed something they can actually pronounce. 
Well, JMBergoglio is about to go from 750 followers to 7.5 million in the course of an hour... 
mcgregormt that wasn't directed twds you i promise! welcome to BK! 
Re my last tweet -- I mean, isn't everyone vulnerable to political pressure? Why does public assume cardinals are 100 immovable? 
Not that itd've made an impact, but Im sorta surprised there wasn't a digitally savvy grassroots effort to influence pope selection process 
Soda-ban ban is still a win for Bloomberg. He just raised even more national awareness about obesity, which was seemingly his whole point. 
The GlobeIdeas Brainiac, KSHartnett, challenges TNY article about Purell. Guy who gave key quote to TNY backs off 
tanehisi i started putting together a 90s hip-hop playlist... extremely incomplete, but 
AmosBarshad I'd buy one with Bill O'Reilly's face on it that read "Phuket let's do it live" 
DMendelsohn1960 I lasted maybe 2.5 hrs. There was no air conditioning! And he kept quoting Hemingway. Sheer hell. 
noahmccormack nah it was on I think 80th and west end? 
I saw Chavez speak on the Upper West Side years ago. Utterly bizarre. Spoke for like 5 straight hrs. Gave Danny Glover an hr-long shoutout. 
The most astounding buzzer beater in history just went down. cc AriBerman peterrothberg chrislhayes 
Waramp;Peace is immensely tweetable. Trying to hold back. Tempted to begin signing my emails "War and Peace, Sam" instead of just "Peace, Sam" 
AriMelber I could live-tweet the entire War and Peace, if you so desire. 
On Anne Hathaway hate and "having to temper naked pleasure..to be thought socially appropriate" sashagila's latest 
But lets keep talking about offensive comedians instead RT SenSanders The 400 richest Americans now worth a record-breaking $1.7 trillion 
DMendelsohn1960 Amour and Django are the only ones that will last. 
Would be amazing if someone rushed the stage, naked, screaming "GIGLI!" 
DMendelsohn1960 complete sham. which would you have picked? 
This is the moment where Clint Eastwood rushes the stage... 
Don't give it to Daniel Day. Joaquin and Jackman were both a billion times better... 
This is the most human Oscars ever. J-Law falling, Meryl Streep picking a wedgie, etc. 
drgrist no disagreement here. totally one-note! 
This reminds me of the utter debacle in '06 of Crash, the worst movie of all time, beating Brokeback, one of the best. 
ousfourita nothing. i was just kidding. 
That speech by the winner of best original score was appallingly offensive. 
I hate Adele.  
Kind of disappointed in ADL_National. No comment on Ted yet? C'mon guys, step it up! 
What's more troubling, Seth MacFarlane's few dumb jokes, or all of the Internet vehemently despising Anne Hathaway for no reason? 
This Oscars won't be complete until Clint Eastwood shows up and does something bastshit crazy. 
LOL RT RichardKimNYC samgf in person more like gandalf. 
EVERYONE AT THE OSCARS LOOKS LIKE FABIO 
+ Balzac and Stendhal! RT DMendelsohn1960 Victor Hugo rocks!!!!!   
Thank you! RT chrislhayes OK. This is ridiculous and delightful. 
I liked Les Miserable. Shoot me. 
Sure some of MacFarlane's jokes were terrible, but, breaking news, jokes aren't funny if they aren't bordering on offensive. 
bustipsover BenMathisLilley agreed. it's like despising a baseball player who gets a couple hits in a game, but strikes out a couple times 
LIAM NEESONS!!!! cc BenMathisLilley 
Donald Trump is today's Abraham Lincoln. 
Lolllllz RT realDonaldTrump: Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked! 
I can't believe people are hating on MacFarlane. This is so much funnier -- and so much faster-moving -- than previous Oscars. 
nealbrennan Will be great if they do Psycho on the next low-level award winner. 
Best picture should go to Django. It won't, but history will rep it. 
The guy on stage looks like he scalped Fabio. 
This is the best Oscars I've ever seen. Crazy that someone as talented as MacFarlane stayed behind cartoons for so long. RISD pride! 
MS Word keeps crashing on me. Wanna switch over to Google Docs, but need to be able to write offline. Is Offline mode in G-Docs reliable? 
This guy is a champ. He actually curated St Ides 40 commercials from the 90s featuring Biggie, Wu-Tang, etc 
Google Glass-Steagall: high-tech glasses that allow us to see the bullshit in Wall Street transactions. 
Store-bought guacamole: never again. 
AriBerman lol, pretty bad fail to have a spelling fail in my piece introducing about a fail. 
Also, coulda mentioned JEEEEEE-TER RT fbihop You didn't mention the Darryl Strawberry "DARRRRYLLLL!!!" chant? For shame. 
BenMathisLilley c'mon get more precise. i was RT-baiting! 
My BuzzFeed debute about my intense hatred of the BROOOOK-LYN chant cc AriBerman chrislhayes BuzzFeedBen 
kombiz you should live tweet your impressions and favorite lines. Seriously. I will retweet the shit out of you 
I have no idea how to write about fashion. (Or even how to dress.) You know who does? My wife sashagila: 
Longform sweetness from KTLincoln on America's professional nerd millionaire, Ken Jennings 
Eeriest detail is always: And then all the dogs started barking. 
RIP Dworkin. A true intellectual hero. nybooks What Is a Good Life? by Ronald Dworkin 
Mad props to Cody Keenan. 
Wow. "They deserve a vote" -- That was maybe the realest moment I've seen, in my life, in a SOTU. 
This is by far the best  in Obama's presidency, imho. Universal pre-k! 
From '08 Obama design genius, humanot (John Slabyk), a ridiculously sweet deck of American hero playing cards 
Just realized I can tag chrislhayes's drone commentary today  
As thoughtful of a commentary on drones as you will find on American television. Thanks chrislhayes 
Must-read of the week from AriBerman on the GOP effort to upend the voting rights act 
Three words for you, cyberterrorists who want to hack my shit: Two Step Password. Also, two additional words: suck it. 
Here was the initial message: "Warning: We believe state-sponsored attackers may be attempting to compromise your account or computer." 
Upon logging into Gmail I just got this message: "Your account could be at risk of state-sponsored attacks."   
Quoth the raven: never switch from the Super Bowl to Downton Abbey. 
Let there be light. An enticing Apple (ad). Two brothers fighting to the death.  
Edgar Allen Whoa. 
I blame Brownie. 
All 13 shows at once. Brilliant yet obvious move for how TV should work. Like reading a novel in one sitting 
The United States today is the only country... that spends more on prisons than police 
Great new pageturner interview with George Saunders cc: chrislhayes lauraolin 
Tuning into bbcworldservice to hear sashagila talk about Beyonce 
"Have you listened to the lyrics of the national anthem lately?" -- sashagila on  
irincarmon he was awesome! 
And Malia gives Roberts the death stare RT BuzzFeed: Chuck Schumer photobombs the oath of office 
On the luncheon menu: Hickory Grilled Bison! 
Biden's smile during Beyonce is buzzfeed gif gold. 
Obama should've let Jay-Z do the poem. 
And the countdown begins: four more years until Americans read/listen to another poem. 
I was worried for a sec that Kelly Clarkson was going to re-endorse Ron Paul up there. 
KatrinaNation agree re Obama reclaiming "freedom" ... I want to read Eric Foner in The Nation on this! 
Best line:"Progress dsnt compel us 2 settle centuries-long debates abt the role of gov 4 all time. But it does require us 2 act in our time" 
Mylie Evers-Williams took a formality and elevated it to incredible poetry. 
Good to see Bill Russell got good seats at   
RIP Prop Joe - one of the top ten greatest characters in TV history. 
lauraolin you should buy his whole collection "The Braindead Megaphone" if you haven't already 
In case you've never read it, an astounding piece of political writing by UP with chrislhayes guest George Saunders: 
chrislhayes more fiction writers pls! almost all of my favorite political writing has been done by fiction writers (DFW, Naipaul, etc) 
Watched the chrislhayes with fiction writers. Man is it rare to see someone as thoughtful and compassionate on TV as George Saunders. 
RT JackLewHancock I just signed a kid's dollar bill and instead of thanking me, he cried. 
MeredithBlake no but you can get def RSI from cracking almonds 
OLAASM it was definitely better enforcement. 
"... more than $280 million on behalf of 300k workers." 
Bravo, Secretary Solis: "Last year the Labor Dept collected more back pay for wage violations than in any previous year..." (1/2) 
Biden on What it Takes is just about the highest praise imaginable for a nonfiction writer 
In the 31 years of my life on earth, I have never dealt with more outrageously, inexplicably hideous customer service than Expedia. 
Five years ago tonight, Obama won Iowa. I also literally got RSI from liveblogging the sh*t out of it. 
"The thing on the table was emotional fiction... How do we get there? Is there something yet to be discovered?" 
Frederick Douglass: greatest American. 
Has there ever been a serious Frederick Douglass biopic? If not, someone needs to get on that. cc tanehisi chrislhayes 
irincarmon ottolenghi i got that for sashagila too! 
LOL. You could have made that comment every year for the last 4 decades. RT davidfrum: Conservatism truly is broken. 
If LaPierre was President of the USA, he'd quickly solve the immigration crisis. No one would want to move here. 
LaPierre's America: no movies, no videogames, no internet, no music. But at least we get armed guards in schools! 
I was expecting a non-apology apology. Or even a non-apology. That was just a brazen FU. 
Speech can be offensive to children. Semiautomatic weapons can shoot bullets that kill children. 
Only in America: the champions of the 2nd Amendment always throw the 1st Amendment under the bus. 
KatrinaNation re homeland i don't think i've seen a better season finale of any show, ever. 
Obama, Homeland finale, Pats game. Tomorrow's comparative meaninglessness is sealed. 
Congrats to KSHartnett, the Boston Globe's new globeideas Brainiac blogger! 
aravosis you should check out tednugent for some RTable gems. he's been curiously silent all day, like the NRA 
This is America. It's ok to mourn and have an opinion at the same time. 
2 yrs ago I wrote abt how O shouldve used the List This=what real grassroots engagemnt looks like 
An amazing Dave Brubeck intvw on civil rights after WWII 
kleinmatic pure genius 
maxberger youtube is your best friend 
OmarWoodard what's your favorite? right now, im feeling the bully one 
Once you start watching Key and Peele clips, it's all over. Like Bartleby, I'm going to grown old and die in this chair. 
Two most looked-up words in the dictionary this year? "Capitalism" and "socialism." 
Modern day Triangle Shirtwaist Factory debacle. Hideous: 
Pretty incredible times we live in RT MotherJones: Google-Funded Drones To Hunt Rhino Poachers 
Anyone who ever thought Hillary wasn't going to run in 2016 knows exceedingly little about the political brain. 
noahmccormack hahaha 
Seemingly a very big deal: 
incredibly cool. props to agolis 
Obama engages the grassroots in the tax fight: 
Hats (way) off to rospars, teddygoff and co: "Obama team raised about $690 million digitally in 2012" 
AriMelber honestly, i find facebook events so spammy i dont even look at them. 
Probably the best definition of freedom I've ever read: "Obeying from within." - via DH Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature 
LOLZ MT rospars cannot express to you how hilarious this is 
Digital strategy suggestion for Abraham Lincoln: Dinner with Frederick Douglass. I would pony up five silver dollars for that. 
Generation Cryface: sashagila on the Claire Danes crying meme 
"To.. the unsung thousands who toiled in the trenches of democracy" chrislhayes tribute to his bro amp; other organizers 
"The reward they do get is the fulfillment of the soul that comes from struggle." chrislhayes on organizers in 2012. 
Heading to Pittsburgh tonight. Looking fwd to pierogies. What's a cool neighborhood to stay / hangout in? 
Mlsif that was incredible too, but, man am i jealous to have not been there for this one. 
Amazing: the most powerful man in the world gets choked up talking about community organizing cc agolis chrislhayes 
This should be the most viral Obama video ever. It's certainly the realest. 
This is pretty incredible. Obama as I've never seen him. 
O'Reilly thinks Dem voters are people who "want something." I guess the Republican party is in the hands of ascetic monks. 
Boom: Boehner says "Obamacare is the law of the land." What a difference a few days makes. 
Is there a better song to listen to today? cc chrislhayes 
To get all of the post-election Adelson-fail analysis you could want, you should probably start following jdforward 
Nine Year-Old Girl Dominates Boys Football League 
Breathing easy. Finally. Four more years! 
I'm about twenty feet from where POTUS will be tonight. Holla! 
Massholes no more!! 
Joe the Plumber's right-wing lecture circuit career is being flushed away as we speak. 
2/3 of Florida voters under 30 went Obama! GOP = Geezer Oldguy Party. 
Burger King marketing execs rejoice... RT chrislhayes THE ANGUS KING ERA BEGINS!!!! 
Good sign RT joshnathankazis Obama has a (very) early lead in Jewish South Florida: 
If youth vote puts Obama over the top this time around, Obama's support for gay marriage could be the big reason. 
Avinshkaya there's always new students coming in! i doubt young ppl are going back to gop anytime soon. young ppl are too socially liberal 
Good luck in the future, GOP RT 7im holy youth vote NC: 
Definition of irony: Republicans, who hate Communism, have given America the scourge of long lines. 
One hopes there are election protection folks around the country telling folks in line to stay in line. Are there, AriBerman? 
Greatest election day montage in TV history cc rospars 
Back in Chicago. God this is a great city. 
We should just rename it Nate Silver Notch already. 
You had to go and choke me up with this one RT BarackObama Let's give this guy four more years. // cc agolis 
LOLLLZ RT KagroX Bain Capital just acquired Dixville Notch. 
If Dixville Notch goes Romney, Nate Silver is a disastrous fail. 
Even Edith Childs is a little happy that the Fired Up, Ready to Go story gets retired tonight. 
teddygoff mellowed up, ready to chill 
teddygoff use some caps for godsake 
Edith Childs rejected Obama's request to go to Iowa so she could canvass in NC! That just made the story worth it AriMelber, didn't it? 
I am grateful to every Iowan except the ones related to BenMathisLilley 
BenMathisLilley that preexisted obama's caucus victory! 
What will BuzzFeedBen miss more: the Rufus emails or the Edith Childs story? 
Heads up America: this is the last time Obama will ever tell the Edith Childs story. Watch history unfold: 
MullerStephen rospars i cant see thru these tearz 
MullerStephen rospars THEY WANNA SEE THOSE TEARZ IN HD 
MullerStephen that close-up shot is killer. tell em to stay on that one! 
AriMelber bah humbug! im sure there will be tailored stuff at the end. 
Insider tip for future campaigners: excellent Vietnamese food in Des Moines. 
Pretty damn grateful to the people of Iowa. 
MullerStephen lolz 
My favorite Iowa memories: 1) the first Hope, Action, Change event in Decorah, 2) hangin at the Butter Cow Lady's farm 3) the Steak Fry. 
MullerStephen are you there? 
Michelle gives the Butter Cow Lady a shoutout! cc rospars 
amazing pic. i love how nonplussed this woman looks. oh im just sitting here making calls with the PRESIDENT OF AMERICA 
Frustrating to hear ppl decided not to vote early b/c the lines were too long. Can't believe there's only one E.V. location in Cleveland. 
Just saw an incredibly budget ad here in Ohio that I assumed was made by an obscure PAC. Turns out it was made by Romney's campaign! 
Must read by BenMathisLilley on Detroit. This piece could've been about Cleveland, where I'm at now, too. 
ski really good beer there. Thx! 
MullerStephen rospars oh hell yes 
NoreenMalone excellent- thx! Will let you know where we end up 
NoreenMalone we have a car, so either! 
What's good to eat in Cleveland? 
... and if that's the case, it's pretty despicable politics to be spinning a tragedy like this. 
When a top-of-Drudge-linked video is uploaded by an anon first-time YouTuber named "John James" you can be pretty sure it's a GOP operative 
The sage of Midland, Michigan BenMathisLilley, on the liberal bias of football: 
Yes! RT AmericanAir Weve resumed flights at New York-area airports. Please check here for more info: 
Man am I glad I didn't go to Brooklyn last night 
oso v good point. 
Not to get too far ahead of things, but it's hard to imagine a more entertaining '16 matchup than Cuomo v Christie. Debates will be bonkers! 
Oh man RT nytjim BREAKING: Bellevue... evacuating 500 patients. Has been on backup generators since power went out. 
Driving through Long Island yesterday. Downed power line and no stop lights. 
Bowery Street last night. It was that dark. 
Thanks to chrishughes for heads up. This is a *real* picture, taken by AP, on front of WaPo now. Holy crap 
Some idiot is walking his dog outside right now. Who does that to a dog? Other than Mitt Romney... 
MattOrtega ttagaris yeah, also, who got inside ground zero NOW to take that photo? 
I vote this one as a fake. Waterfalls look super pristine: 
If there is justice in the universe, the Chase Manhattan sign outside my window will blow away and the tree near it will stand tall. 
elizwgreen whatever nate silver tells us 
Big Bird just flew by my window. 
RichardKimNYC that's like asking politicians to only tell the truth! 
chrislhayes RichardKimNYC argument for it being fake (btw i already tweeted the shit out of it): the lights are still on. really? 
irincarmon yup - you? 
irincarmon omg so tacky 
Ladies and Gents, THE image of  in NYC: the carousel in Brooklyn Bridge Park 
jFellyFels that's 2 blocks from my old crib!! 
Wait, Cory Booker isn't singlehandedly saving America from Sandy by passing out umbrellas to everyone who tweets to him? irincarmon 
tkromelis ironically, there's too much wind for that kind of wind. 
The hanging stoplight on my corner is flip-flopping almost as bad as Mitt Romney. 
Developing... New York City prepares to spend night reading... BOOKS. 
A word to the caffeine-needing wise: brew a gigantic pot of coffee STAT. 
Mayor Bloomberg: we actually had to give summons to people who tried to surf today. 
chrislhayes yes. pretty brilliant parody, imho. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Buzzfeed's new fake sports columnist: 
Romney camp: "Su-no-NO!!!!!!" 
Hurricane Sununu. 
sununu just 'sunami'd romney's chances. 
If you are still undecided after that debate, you are decidedly insane. 
Lol of the Century RT DavidGrann Krauthammer: "It's unequivacoble. Romney won." 
Lol. Props to teddygoff and rospars RT postpolitics Obama campaign snaps up  
Michel Foucault is LOL'ing in his grave over the NBC "Truth Squad." 
Fournier: "Bottom line, Obama won." 
"Big Bird," "Binders full o' women," "Bayonets." The 2012 debates were brought to you by the letter B. 
Well, ok, that's a pretty sweet bayonet: 
Surest sign Obama handily won the debate: Fox News will call it a draw. 
Brian Williams says "horses and bayonets" is the line of the night. 
Everyone in Greece high-fiving right now. 
UH OH. "I love teachers." He said that about Big Bird too. 
Mitt Romney met a nameless college student in an immensely populated state. Heartwarming story! 
Kind of amazing no discussion on Europe, Mexico, global health, yet... 
Romney is furious that China is counterfeiting our bayonets. 
Romney's foreign policy: binders full of condescension. 
Somewhere in Vegas, Sheldon Adelson is thinking, "I spend ten gazillion on Romney and *he* mentions Palestinians?" 
Romney's high-tech foreign policy: bayonet-tipped horse-drones. 
Obama should say: "The only opponent I've ever apologized to is you, right now, for utterly embarrassing you on national television." 
Romney's foreign policy plan: binders full of bayonets. 
Report: Tag Romney just bayonetted Big Bird backstage. 
Leo Tolstoy just called. He wants his horses and bayonets back. 
Romney: "Actually, bayonets are pretty nifty." 
If you are an undecided voter and you are at all influenced by Romney's "I was at the Olympics" line, you amaze me. 
Yes, my Mass-educated brothers and I owe everything in life to our testing overlord, Romney, not to our teachers. 
Did Romney just use Ahmedinejad's talking points to support his case? Oy. 
As this debate is unfolding, Obama's decisions are thwarting terrorist attacks. Romney's are thwarting taxes. 
Pwned. There is only one Commander-in-Chief on the stage. 
Romney has "clear eyes" on Russia. Clear eyes that can see RIGHT INTO PUTIN'S SOUL. 
TO GO AFTER THE BAD GUYS???  
What are "al-Qaeda-like individuals"? 
Tonight reminds me of Gaspard's 2008 post-debate comment to Obama: "You're more clutch than Michael Jordan." 
Fox calling it a draw. What a staggering indictment of Romney's performance. 
If you can successfully spin a Romney victory, YOU deserve to be president. 
Flawless ending by Obama. Couldn't have done better. 
All I'm saying is  
So far Romney has: lied on Libya amp; gotten caught, alienated single mothers, and stated that he has women in binders, ON LIVE TELEVISION 
Candy just zinged Mitt on supporting assault weapons ban in Mass. How much better is it to have a fact-checking moderator? 
QUICK, PUT THEM ALL IN BINDERS RT irincarmon Single mothers, shooting sprees are your fault. 
UTTER PWNED BY CANDY!!!!!! "He did in fact sir" 
Somewhere in America, Big Bird is liberating millions of women from Mitt Romney's binders. 
"I think you know better" lt;-- CAN A HUMAN BEING GET MORE PATRONIZING? 
chrislhayes I was *really* hoping for that. 
Phenomenal question: Romney, how are you different from GWB? 
Romney didn't just have binders full of women. He had *Trapper Keepers* full of them. 
"Women are increasingly the breadwinners in the family." cc: sashagila 
Not enough of a Long Island accent. Illegitimate questioner. 
ROMBULLY AGAIN. Who goes that hard after Candy? 
The look on Romney's face: "Gee, I'm getting sorta pwned here." 
OMG OBAMA PLS TELL AMERICANS TO JUST GO TO 
omiramb LOL 
ROMBULLY 
"What I've tried to do is be consistent"  
There he goes talking about KILLING BIRDS again. 
HE'S ALIIIIIIIIVE! 
"Not a five point plan, a one point plan... folks at the top play by a different set of rules." BOOM 
YES! "Just isn't true" 
This should become the new Rick Roll -- i.e. "Hey check it out, Romney just updated his tax plan: 
ishaantharoor thx! 
En route to Cincinnati where I'll be talking digital politics at Miami-Ohio. Any food/bar recs from Cinci folks? 
The American people deserve to see Biden and Ryan arm wrestle tonight. 
robhatchmiller hilarious how the interviewer didnt flinch 
robhatchmiller SenJohnMcCain I just heard that too and did a double take!!! 
Romney's debate performance also deserved a Nobel for literature. 
Actually, Lance Armstrong should have won the Nobel Prize for literature. 
For the love of God, give Philip Roth the damn prize already. 
Is it me, or is Romney a dead-ringer for JD McCoy's father?  
Somewhere in America, Big Bird is punching Clint Eastwood in the face. 
Yes please RT AriBerman I'd like to hear what the voters think before the press prematurely calls this debate 
I hope Lehrer ends the debate by saying: "Thank you Mr. President. Thank you Mr. Romney. And by the way, fuck you on the PBS thing." 
Romney loves Big Bird. Romney wants to kill Big Bird. Romney loves great schools. Therefore, Romney wants to kill great schools. 
The advantage of the challenger: he can literally say anything is "in my plan." 
"The American people don't want medicare" -- someone please use that Freudian slip in an attack ad 
How incredible and life-affirming would it be if Big Bird just rushed the stage and punched Romney in the face? 
Obama's always at his best when he's telling stories. Best stuff so far. 
The most infuriating aspect of the debate process is when pundits conclude that people who talk specifics instead of platitudes are losing. 
Romney wants to ruin the agolis economy  
Shit. The pro-Big-Bird vote just migrated to Romney. 
LOLLLL Obama's "okay" 
Romney the movie: Zing Kong 
LOL Romney throwing his sons under the bus  
Mitt Romney saying he's an advocate of the middle class is like a lion saying he's an advocate of the gazelle. 
Trying to wrap my mind around "trickle down government" ... weird zinger. A simultaneous diss of Reagan and Dems? 
Drinking game suggestion: Zing Pong. 
Economic patriotism! 
chrislhayes I feel you. Hate the politics, kinda love the stadium. Looks like the High Line, but for bball. 
I spoke to mashable about Obama v Romney digital strategy 
AriMelber how are they ever going to get a public official to talk ever again 
Ta-Nehisi Coates is a joy to listen to. He's just having so much fun with his intellect and curiosity. 
Still worth remembering how many light years away the election actually is. 
America, the sorta beautiful, my home, bittersweet home. - Romney  
Romney's new theme song: God Bless Half of America. 
LOL that Drudge is saying: ROMNEY GETS REAL re 47. I truly hope the entire Right tries to get Romney's back on this one. 
If 47 doesn't become the biggest meme of this entire election, I will boil and eat my shoe, Herzog-style. 
Wikipedia: A mathematical proof, written in 1964 by Professor Donald Bentley, supposedly demonstrates that all numbers are equal to 47.  
If the 99 and the 47 join forces, watch out world. maxberger 
The 99. The 47. And the 66.4 who think Obama will win on Intrade. 
It's one thing to throw a specific group under the bus. It's another thing to throw 47 of America under. Requires a massive, massive bus! 
Did Romney just call half of America lazy? Has anyone running for president ever said anything that unpatriotic, like, ever? 
... and here's the piece! 
When staring is the point: great sashagila's latest culturedesk piece on Fashion Week. Nice Edmund Wilson reference! 
The best Obama profile ever. Carefully details Obama's moral depth. We'd be profoundly fortunate to have 4 more yrs. 
Features of iPhonelessness 5: mental camera with auto-focus, book-reader, infinite memory, auto-updates, rechargeable. Weighs nothing. Free! 
One more (pointless) comparison: Clinton's stuff may be slightly more "of the moment" but Obama's is historic. 
Bill Clinton is charismatic. Obama is transcendent.  
"...surely blessed to be citizens" -- a very nuanced phrase. Something historians will unpack. 
"Our path is harder, but it leads to a better place" 
 RT marcambinder A speech Michael Sandel will put in his coursebook. Communitarian more than classically liberal. 
"if you don't...then other voices will fill the void" -- the strongest argument for donating / volunteering, etc. 
Here's that rhetoric you were waiting for. This smokes Clinton, in my mind. 
"A freedom without commitment to others... is unworthy of our founding ideals" -- yes. 
"We also believe in something called citizenship" -- that's good. 
Romney and Ryan's campaign should be called Bill and Ted's Cold War Time Warp 
Anyone complaining abt lack of soaring rhetoric has weak memory. 99 of great speeches are policy specifics, not loftiness. Wait 4 the end. 
That "feel a cold comin' on" bit was Clintonesque. 
Crazy to think about the fact that Obama's last DNC speech happened pre-Lehman... 
Commercials should now end "I'm Barack Obama and I'd truly prefer not to have to approve this message" 
Michelle just got that dirt off his shoulders. 
KatrinaNation Yes! They're the best two commentators out there right now. 
Prediction: Clint Eastwood will show up on stage before Obama and say "See? I had your back all along." 
Go ahead, maul Mitt's day. 
Heading to the louisck show tonight at bellhouseny! 
At  moderating a panel on how young people are changing politics with seaneldridge ronniecho and loril. Tweet your questions! 
Just read Roger Ebert on this one 
Read sashagila's CultureDesk post on radiolab's live show: "Two grown men playing brilliant games with ideas." 
The 2012 NBA "Mock" Mock Draft 
In non-SCOTUS news, John Jeremiah Sullivan has a new piece in the NYTmag, which to me, is always breaking newsworthy 
Philip_Elliott Yes but he also opposed filibuster 
Obama's Daily Kos diary from 2005 on the fight over John Roberts nomination now seems quite prescient: 
Stay safe? Mr. Delgado said. After he just did all that? 
Americans Pool Together $945.23 To Counteract Corporate Money's Influence In Politics 
What Were Reading: Henri Coles Touch by sashagila 
President Obama Basically Just Passed the DREAM Act by Himself 
The bad guys and the bad people who root for them sometimes win 
If you aren't watching this game you are failing to live a full life 
badler you are a moral abomination. 
Haven't felt this excited in years. ANYTHING IS POSSSSIBBBLLLLE.  
peterrothberg couldnt agree more, obv! 
VeronicaPilskog it was great meeting you. thanks so much for all of your help and best of luck! 
Watch out Internet! The dangerously funny and smart benmathislilley joins BuzzFeed 
noreenahertz so great chatting with you tonight. make sure to re-read Huck Finn! 
David Simon loves The Wire musical 
At least billionaires can't buy basketball outcomes. Unreal win by the C's. 
Yup amp; Megan Greenwell def=exceptional ed RT cordjefferson Ann Friedman...Its time some1 who'll 'preciate her hires her 
As someone who's written for The-Meh-Formerly-Know-As-Good I'd love to get down with this 
AnandWrites InnoTown Btw, thanks to priyaparker's recs, I drove to Geiranger and Trollstigen today. Speechless. 
Excited to speak at InnoTown tomorrow. Norway is preposterously gorgeous. 
Great piece by sashagila on Kristen Wiig, Peggy Olsen, and the gender politics of the office goodbye party: 
If I ever become famous, I want my nickname to be Rondo. 
richmintz i am actually a fan of the hazelnut, but i have a feeling you're the sole man in the universe who'll vouch for it as the top nut 
montuckyliberal i used to be a cashew man. but i've come around to the pistachio. esp bc of how rewarding it is to open the damn shell. 
alexismadrigal okay. But only at Fenway Park. 
Seriously, name a better nut than the pistachio. 
If you are universally attacked by a panel of charlatans, it's probably a good sign that you're a truth-teller. 
Someone should start a  tumblr cc: AriMelber jonlovett 
Thanks to the valiant work of people like jonlovett the world is a lot less safe for charlatans 
Happy Memorial Day weekend. If u haven't seen this guy, ur not a real Park Sloper cc: irincarmon chrislhayes 
If you don't like the Celtics, you don't like AMERICA 
Stuff like this that shows how broad the impact of O's comments is. The times are a'changing 
If Cory Booker was being "authentic" today, it was a pretty lame brand of authenticity. 
Unfortunately, we cant lock the bully up, because the bully is in all of us. 
Mark Zuckerberg should at least buy the naming rights to Greece and rename it Zuck. 
If I were Mark Zuckerberg, I would buy Greece. 
Id've gladly done it for 8 million RT glogothetis can't believe Americans Elect spent $9,000,000 (!!!) on their website 
chrislhayes a book about TED could be titled "Highlights of the Elites" 
Romney: I stand by hypocrisy, wherever it exists. 
Romney: I stand by both sides of my flip-flops. 
Let the SuperWack era begin. 
This proposal should be titled "The Plan to Alienate Young Voters from the GOP Forever" 
Congrats to sashagila on the New Yorker's just-launched literary blog pageturner! 
This poll is ridiculous and meaningless 
scotthilt yup. still using my crappy lil nokia! 
To me, few things are cooler than seeing writers participate in a movement 
On the one hand, high school is high school. On the other hand, if you were a hideous bully in high school, it says something about you 
Another thing not to be overlooked: now presidents in countries around the world will feel pressure to follow Obama on marriage equality 
When the history books are written, JoeSudbay will be a character in the story of marriage equality 
agolis gives a whole new meaning to the GOP talking point "I don't believe in evolution" 
the photograph-it-so-you-can-get-famous-on-the-internet culture has reached its nadir: via gcaw 
Park Slope Food Coop is becoming truly iconic. Sounds like it's going to be lampooned in "The Dictator" irincarmon 
Mitt Romney's Neocon War Cabinet, ariberman's cover story from this week's thenation 
Hollande's version of Obama's bike fail video // Here's the O version. ... Never gets old. 
From benmathislilley Fall Into Line: The Case for the Buffet Rule -- Grub Street New York 
In Columbia, SC for ccfilmfestival. Looking forward to rocking tonight. 
What would an extra $50k a year mean for Jay and Wallys childhoods? // In NYC, add an extra 0 before the k. 
ski dsiroker the pain persists... 
Whoa - David Simon's gonna be the commencement speaker at Georgetown. I imagine he's gonna bring it raw. 
One more thought re David Simon. As Chekhov said, the role of the artist isn't to solve a problem, it's to describe the problem correctly. 
Re David Simon... Does it undermine art when the artist is mad at people for not "getting it"? No. But does it undermine the artist? Maybe. 
Simon basically just said the opposite of what Twain did in intro to Huck Finn: "persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished" 
David Simon is mad at Simmons for turning the Wire into a bubble-gum pop phenomenon 
What's the saying on the bumper sticker? Oh yeah; if you're not outraged you're not paying attention: 
There is a disgraceful lack of Pedro in this list 
Sam_A_Clark hey man - im in brooklyn these days. hope you're well and hope to run into you soon! 
The New Yorker's sashagila on the literary brilliance of buzzfeed cc: buzzfeedben 
Insane -gt; "soldiers go crazy and end up 'staring into space'..unhinged by the dazzling whiteness of rock, sunsnow" 
Even George Saunders couldnt've dreamed this up. Brilliant // Journalists in Pyongyang Scooped by Launchings Failure 
Robert Caro puts the old in "old school." I love his writing process: 
"Regardless of who u may support who do u think seems like the more friendly and likable person?" Obama 64 Romney 26 
Happy Passover everyone! Here's my wife sashagila on nathanenglander's new Haggadah 
Greg Mortensen is now "Chief Insipration Officer" of his charity. More like "Chief Fabrication Officer." 
Observe: my high school v Stuyvesant Lin rejected Stuy but clearly would've said yes to us. 
Apple Supplier in China Pledges Big Changes in Working Conditions 
Read sashagila on Adrienne Rich: 
Still mad at Mike Daisey, but this wldnt have happened w/o him -gt; Apples Chief, Timothy Cook, Visits Foxconn Factory 
Does Bloomberg think that Bill Clinton, who blurbed Peter Beinart's book, wants "everybody to be massacred"? BuzzFeedBen 
irincarmon just realized that quote in the JTA was from yesterday's Times article. Still, how does he get away with that kind of thing? 
So Bloomberg is accusing the 600 people who voted for the referendum of being genocidaires? Talk about smearing your constituents. 
Really Bloomberg? "...there are people who want Israel to be torn apart and everybody to be massacred" irincarmon 
Hard to say what people generalize more about: Israel or the Park Slope Food Coop. 
One troublemaker refused 2 leave the stage after his time was up but he was actually acting in according w coop rules (ALL of which he knew) 
Finally back from the  I was almost let down by how articulate and reasonable 90 of the speakers were  
BuzzFeedBen You should ask every major pol whether they now consider Bill Clinton to be an anti-semite and do a rundown for BuzzFeed 
I imagine the President read this. You should too // Trayvon Martin's Face - James Fallows 
Obama's Trayvon comment was perfect. Made me think of RFK's "they are most impt of all... human beings whom other human beings lovedamp;needed" 
At this point, quoting Marty Peretz is like quoting a second grader. "What do you think about X?" "I think X's mommy smells!!!" 
The latest chapter of Marty Peretz's decent into inhumanity: in which talks sh*t about his former protg's mother. 
maxberger are u at union sq? how heavy is police ratio compared to the crackdowns on  the other day? 
is back up - about 30K signatures away from 1 million for Trayvon 
Not a great time for to be crashing. 
Are there public records of police dispatched vs estimated crowds? 
Recently read In Cold Blood. I wish Truman Capote was still alive to do novel-length justice to the Trayvon story. 
Just got back from Union Sq. At well past 11pm, it felt like there was a 1:2 Police-People ratio. Never seen anything like it. 
If Peyton Manning came out as a nonbeliever right now, he'd probably be the most famous atheist ever. 
I'll be on bbcworldservice from 1-3pm EST today discussing my Mike Daisey piece 
jesseclee44 i wish i could one-star you on twitter! :) 
I wrote a piece for nymag about the meaninglessness of online user ratings 
Mike Daisey needed a fact check. People blaming PeterBeinart for what happened in France need a humanity check. 
Labels matter. Daisey broke a contract with his audience, both on radio and theater. Here's my take on it 
Mike Daisey just posted this on his blog. Why won't he just say that the show should be re-labeled semi-fiction? 
My latest GOOD piece about Mike Daisey and Truthiness 
Final thought on Daisey tonight. Any time someone says "I stand by the work" what they're really saying is "I'm not sorry I lied." 
Why did a multi-bazillion dollar company like Apple not take down Daisey earlier? Don't companies have oppo research depts? 
Watched the video of Russell amp; I regret making light of the situation earlier. Drug induced or not, he was suffering. Not a lolz matter. 
I thought the Ides of March were supposed to fall on the 15th, not the 16th.  
Did Lewis Carroll just take over the internet? 
Now that someone lied, we can definitely go back to feeling ok about Apple's labor practices. 
Breaking: New Internet supergroup "Invisible Daiseys" to release most viral lie ever 
brianstelter Did Daisey ever reveal to his theater-going audience that he used "creative license" or did he tell them it was true? Big dif 
noahmccormack luckily, i havent had to buy any gadgets lately. but i guess i'll have to fashion my next phone out of twigs and rocks 
Can't decide what's worse: feel good lies (Mortensen) or doom and gloom lies (Daisey). 
Somewhere in Montana, Greg Mortensen is high-fiving himself right now.  
Breaking: Mike Daisey just arrested Joseph Kony 
Saddest part about TAL debacle: now we'll all justify buying the new iPad even though someone's skin was prob melted off making it. 
THIS AMERICAN LIE 
The prob w Daisey's "creative license" defense is that no one would have wanted to see his monologue if they thought it was made up, right? 
Actually, thinking back on it, it was the epic NYTimes reports, not Daisey's TAL segment, that made me not want to buy Apple anymore. 
I'm completely taken aback by this. May have to reconsider my self-imposed boycott of Apple after listening: 
The iPhone is making Spring Break lamer: 
I reviewed John Jeremiah Sullivans Pulphead 
irincarmon phew - cuz i have no capital to venture! 
Is anyone at  developing a swsx-themed tweet-blocker app for people not in Austin? If so, I will flood you with venture capital. 
The Internet is killing off the roadtrip // More time on Facebook probably means less time on the road 
braunold thx 
I know this is a boring answer, but it seems like: both. Right? (4/4) 
Is its success a depressing story that confirms the baseness of humanity, an uplifting story that should confirms our decency or both? (3/3) 
Should we be happy that so many people care or sad that their passion is so unexamined (and self-aggrandizing), or both? (2/2) 
Leaving aside Invisible Children's dubious politics, we can all agree that nearly 60m views on YouTube for a 30 min video = astounding (1/2) 
...."I loved the fact Red said, 'Screw it, these are my guys.' There was real honor to it, something you hardly ever see today." 
"I will always b grateful 4 Red 4 not trading me...It meant the world to me to play my entire career with the Celtics." 
Best news for narrative nonfiction writers ever: chrishughes, new owner of tnr, says he will "double down" on long-form journalism. 
Saw some of GIRLS last night - it's damned good. I'll jealously admit that Lena Dunham is "the voice of our generation."  
Only went to the Olive Garden once, but enjoyed the hell out of the unlimited breadsticks and bottomless pasta.  
Know whatd be cool? If the guys who made the  video instead made a deeply un-complex  vid that got 50 bazillion hits 
It's sad that Kony '12 is problematic. Can't something be both massively viral and non-problematic? My instinct is, sadly, no. 
This is the best political interactive infographic I've ever seen 
chrislhayes the prob w Kony video, i think, is exactly what u touched on in ur column about moving beyond "Bad Guys" 
I'm quoted in this, but I swear I'm not a West Wing obsessive. The Wire was much more influential for Obama heads 
. BuzzFeedBen oh dear lord. not another weeklong "Whitey Tape" saga. 
If Joe the Plumber can win in Ohio, it's time to run Barney Smith in Indiana... cc buzzfeedben 
Obama's "Good luck tonight" should become a meme. Anytime someone talks smack, we should reply  
nedwin cheers! it's def the way to go... stay strong :) 
NBA league pass for Roku has been the most universally disappointing tech experience of my life. Works (literally!) 5 of the time. 
Finally an article about the ground game. An important and refreshing break from the incessant rehash of the Gaffe Wars 
Incredibly depressing --gt; 'The Next Great Brooklyn Landmark'  Brownstoner 
Weirdest theft in history: my crappy bike seat got stolen but the thief politely left me his slightly less crappy seat and the screws/bolts! 
Devastating // Bearing Witness in Syria - A Correspondents Last Days 
Why are Romney, Gingrich, and all of the GOP not excoriating Rush for apologizing? I thought they were the  party. 
Super PACs, Not Campaigns, Do Bulk of Ad Spending cc: ariberman 
The degree to which the GOP continues to cede every demographic other than Trump-loving white men to the Dems never ceases to astonish. 
The first two bits of news I read this AM: Obama to speak at Barnard  Trump to become top Romney surrogate. Says everything. 
Follow CultureDesk - the New Yorker's culture blog which is now being edited by my wife sashagila!  
Well, I guess that seals it for me RT BuzzFeedPol: Ted Nugent Endorses Mitt Romney 
"..he said 2 tell my parents that they should be proud..that meant a lot bc Rush questioned whethr my fam wld be proud" 
When you talk honestly about who you are and it hurts you, it's not a "gaffe" -- it's you // Romney Admits Mistakes 
Please give me venture capital  
Over Jew Creek and Up Jew Mountain  
As an N.B.A. player on assignment, Lin got first-class plane tickets. He gave them to teammates, Musselman said. 
AriMelber DylanRatigan rasiej nancyscola mlsif robinchase the cooperative 
  
Great NYT review of Beautiful Souls by eyalpress - who will be on UP with chrislhayes this Sat! 
The value of friction in everyday life, part 2: Embracing boredom 
David Foster Wallace on Political thinking in America - YouTube 
ehochster good q. in theory, i think they legally could. but so far, they havent and it seems likely they wont. but i could be wrong. 
I went on Bloomberg today from the NYSE. I argue that small donations to Obama still matter in the Super PAC era 
margbrennan thx for having me on today! will be interesting to see how Obama's small donors react in this fundraising quarter... 
hahaha RT delcecato Fight the Smears (on the windshield) 
delcecato time for a rapid response site? 
David Foster Wallace's nightmare of capitalism come true cc: chrislhayes 
Hipster picklers are the key to America's future 
kellnaaah i wanna read it! 
I discuss dsiroker's obscenely large monitors with cnnmoney   
It's a small point, but I do think it's more empowering to be funding grassroots ground game than TV ads. Or, at least, more satisfying. 
Or will small donors be less relevant this time around? AriBerman says so 
Fair point RT daviddonnelly money's fungible.  grassroots donors would also be excited about pushing back against the big money, right? 
AriMelber my next piece: why rooting for Jeremy Lin is wrong 
My new piece for the guardian on why Obama's Super PAC decision, oddly enough, empowers grassroots donors 
RIP Anthony Shadid, a towering force for truth in our times. 
Phenomenal piece by my friend KSHartnett A new version of the American Dream 
If someone ran for NYC mayor with the sole goal of bringing the Knicks back to tv, s/he would win in a landslide 
Twitter, in case you didn't notice Rondo has 19 in the first half on 8-13 shooting  
You know how at the end of the year, the MW dictionary names a word of the year? How could it be anything but  for 2012? 
I'm at the Trump  ask for me. - Jay Z 
If Jeremy Lin wrote a book about these last six games, it might be the fastest  best seller in history 
this is just  
YahooAdBuzz Nice meeting you today! 
jessicakleiman Thx for the tweets! Not sure why my Twitter handle wasn't on the scren during  :) 
Ha  sharongracepjs Mine too. Jon Favreau = replaced RT PatriciaAllison: my new celebrity crush is Sam Graham-Felsen.  
nekaro thx! 
mgouldwartofsky can u provide a link to a more rigorous monitoring org? 
mgouldwartofsky thx 
Can u imagine how depressed Golden State's GM is right now? Tax revs from Lin's jersey sales couldve lifted Cali out of its budget deficit. 
Good first step. Any1 know how legit FLA is? // Apple opens up inspection of Foxconn plants to Fair Labor Association 
I'm surprised this doesn't have 10 million views by now. If only YouTube were viewable in China:  
Lintermediate performance but we'll take it.  
EricBoehlert but i think there's a much bigger element of luck in the nfl 
Last  tweet of the night: when all is said and done, what  has done over past 4 games far exceeds Tebow's accomplishments. 
Jeremy Lin is your new bicycle. 
Jay-z and Beyonce to name their second child Jeremy Lin  
Billion dollar business idea: print some Lin jerseys and get to 34th St ASAP 
We are in the midst of the  Revolution 
If Lin endorses Obama, it's a wash 
Breaking: Kobe to Sleep on Lin's Couch Tonight 
adambonin I'd rather be Lin than Zuck any day 
The iPhone app has just been officially renamed  
LINSTABILITY!!!!!!!!!! 
Kobe is the evil stepmother in this  story 
Hoping for eventual World Peace, but in the moment, feeling the  
konradng let's hope he endorses Obama! 
Glued to the  
OMOMGOMOFMFOMGOFMGOMFGOMFOGMFOGMFOGMOFMGOFMG  
peterrothberg Linfinity and Beyond! 
If Max Weber were still alive he'd be writing about  Rationality 
Drink of the night:  and Tonic 
Let's just rename it the  already. 
The Lakers need some  
chrislhayes Was jst thinking: did he name himself ironically or earnestly? Or was he 2 mentally unstable 2 distinguish irony frm sincerity? 
AriBerman the Linsanity is so intense, I can't even observe Shabbos 
AriBerman aww thanks! although the tebow comments are making me a little more "eh" about him... 
Your Friday entertainment. 
AriBerman katrinanation peterrothberg rafeboogs LINSANE in the membrane! 
David Choe is about to be the world's most resented artist // For Founders to Decorators, Facebook Riches 
Word --gt; Writers bid to revive letter-writing  Books  
Paperback version of AriBerman's "Herding Donkeys" is out today! Updated with a new afterword on 2012 
KSHartnett the  
The only hashtag I can think of, for every line of Mitt's speech, is:  
Voters who said ads were important to them voted 2-to-1 for Romney. Sheldon Adelson FAIL for not running more and better attack ads. 
Re: "momentum" see this piece I wrote 
Hilarious NYT news alert title "Romney Wins Florida Primary, Regaining Momentum" // "Momentum" is a concept the mainstream media invented 
Best Super Bowl food ever 
ZerlinaMaxwell yup. can u imagine how much $$ Obama couldve raised in '08 with this? esp at the 100,000 person event in Portland... 
Will be huge during big outdoor speeches --gt; Obama campaign rolls out Square mobile fundraising platform 
"YouTube green-lights everything... Its up to the audience, not the executive gut, to decide whats worth watching. 
Great oral history by reidcherlin on the '08 NH primary night - one of the craziest nights on my life too 
Tautologists 4 America! RT rospars Shorter Rom:"If u believe in alliterative Americanismsthat bad things are terrible Im asking 4 ur vote" 
The essence of John McCain is Romneyism. Only someone with no core values could pick Palin as VP nom in '08 and support Romney in '12. 
After Romney win, I will nvr take a New Hampshirite seriously when they deride my home state as "Taxachusetts" (not that I took em srsly b4) 
AriBerman samsteinhp rachelsklar after Obama lost, i had to drive home in a snowstorm then upload the Yes We Can video. Finished at 6am 
Four yrs ago I sat in a Nashua gym for eight hrs waiting for Obama's victory speech. He lost but it was even better: the Yes We Can speech. 
Ligeda quite a character! 
ehochster that doc kinda held his own! i was impressed. 
Is anything more awkward than the silence that follows a charlatan being told "You, sir, are a charlatan" by a reporter on 60 Minutes? 
Is there any better TV than the 60 Minutes ambush? 
ripleyintheair first time i've actually SEEN you tweet 
Bizarre that Romney's campaign is touting these relatively sad numbers 
Oh damn! RT Messina2012 Stats that matter: we've gained more twitter followers in the past three weeks than mittromney has total. 
Quick! Someone from a credible news source: ask Sarah Palin whether the jobs numbers are good for America, or a sign of creeping socialism! 
I wonder if *one* GOP candidate will acknowledge that this jobs report is good news for America. Nah, that'd be unAmerican. 
Will be fun to see which GOP candidate can put more nega-spin on six straight months of adding 100k jobs. 
Wells Tower will be blogging on the 2012 election. Prepare for the best political writing since DFW's Up Simba 
Congrats! RT laurenm Big life news:After 6+ yrs at BSDwire, I'm leaving to become New Media Director for elizabethforma's Senate campaign 
Bizarre when a paperback edition of a book is actually cheaper than the Kindle edition. WTF 
I'm one of the (cautiously) optimistic voices in techpresident's roundup of predictions for 2012 
If you haven't read this, drop what you're doing // Solitude and Leadership - William Deresiewicz via longform 
An insanely good guide to buying a camera via kottke 
If Current is willing to pay millions for Olbermann, why cant they invest in graphic designers and producers? 
Ow RT sonia_smith Huntsman on RonPaul's tweet: "You think he'd have learnt the perils of something that's ghostwritten by now" 
kombiz AriMelber it all started with this 
szumwalt hahah 
Katrinskaya oy 
Who designed Santorum's website? Joe the Plumber? ttagaris 
Santorum may have the most difficult to find Donate button ever. McCain's 2000 site was more web saavy. ariberman arimelber 
Ron Paul will raise an absurd amount of cash tonight. Maybe even more than he would've raised had he won. 
AriMelber i'd say a few million 
If Newt had a shred of integrity, he'd become the chief spokesman of the movement to overturn Citizens United. 
Bachmann to finish last. Luckily for her, she can now join Joe the Plumber on the d-list right-wing lecture circuit. 
The sad reality for Santorum: even an Iowa caucus victory won't fix his Google search results. 
Realizing I probably know the name of more towns in Iowa than in the state I live in. 
Finally got around to reading the TAL-edited Times Magazine, and it's incredible. Esp the piece on first Af-Ams 
The Longform Journalism Renaissance - Culture - GOOD 
If you're not watching upwithchris, you're missing the most radical stuff on TV. You don't hear opening segments like that anywhere else. 
Great opening segment by chrislhayes on 2011, the Year of Protest 
20 Years Since The Fall of the Soviet Union - Alan Taylor - In Focus - The Atlantic 
Even Herman Cain ran a more serious campaign RT AriBerman 10 days before the Iowa caucus Newt is campaigning in...South Carolina 
First Christmas without him. Inside MLK's home in 1968 - 60 Minutes Overtime - CBS News 
Harpers! RT agolis Newt in HS: casts himself as Nixon, pitches article to Harpers, falls in love w/geometry teachrr 
Indeed! RT kombiz The Romney gekko blog is the must read campaign blog of the cycle.. I'm sure samgf would agree! 
A complicating, beautifully written portrait of Hitchens by his former Nation colleague kathapollitt 
Must read by 23-yr-old BMCC student: Young, Black and Frisked by the N.Y.P.D. 
"If you want to see your plays performed the way you wrote them, become President." RIP Vaclav Havel 
Hitchens was the Ernest Shackleton of letters. Incomparable endurance. 
Who would have thought, in 2011, that Saul Alinksy would be the  trending topic? 
This - cowbird - is the most interesting digital storytelling platform I've ever seen 
I love the jdforward for pieces like this. Had no idea Filene's was a pioneer of the living wage. 
Chills. 
Conference hosted by nplusonemag, "Occupy Onwards," this Sunday 
Excellent post by Daryl Pinckney at nybooks Misremembering Martin Luther King 
Year-end release: I just finally unfollowed Charlie Sheen 
AriBerman BenMathisLilley that was from an old spoof account of his 
The pithiest wit I know, nymag's BenMathisLilley has finally joined twitter. Follow him; you will not be disappointed cc: ariberman 
AriMelber I asked YouTube rep, and she said they don't track it... so i went with "may" :) 
AriMelber EstebanHRZ buzzfeed I wrote "most *rapidly* disliked" - i doubt beiber got 2 million nearly as quickly as Perry got his 675k 
My latest GOOD article: 'Going Viral': Political Candidates' Quest to Create the Next YouTube Sensation 
O'Reilly on OFA '08: "They got lucky" // Absurd. As if we didn't have a an analytics team lead by Google geniuses 
"2011 was unlike any year since 1968  but more consequential" // Time picks The Protester as Person of the Year So 
nomfup thank you - i wish i could read it in english! 
...asked if the Paul rumors will serve as motivation, he said: No fuel. The fuel is to win a championship. Im already fueled up.  
Up With Chris Hayes: interview with Alfredo Carrasquillo of Occupy our homes 
ioffeinmoscow did you see the Channel 1 report? supposedly very straightforward. seems very surprisingsignificant no? 
No, people will, but they'll be using social media RT PatrickRuffini Will social media launch the third Russian Revolution? 
There should be a whole Tumblr dedicated to weddings at 2011 protests RT mschwirtz  begins w wedding. 
Love that Russian blogger called on nationalists, liberals, leftists, greens, vegetarians, Martians to join protest 
KatrinaNation let's focus on both! :) 
Some morning inspiration. chrislhayes kateah you guys should play this clip on Up! // The only way to play guitar 
maxberger congrats! look fwd to reading more tweets from  
Classy+original! RT dan508bro fuck  .. if u dont like America and how its run then get the fuck out..go live in Cuba or Russia 
John Ford, who I profiled in my Nation piece, proposed a dance party exit at  a few hrs ago, but was rejected. 
Here's the Occupy Boston livestream. 10 minutes past the midnight eviction deadline... 
Occupy Boston votes down dance party proposal, setting stage for possible arrests 
Hey ramya I'm curious, has any YouTube video ever gotten virally "disliked" as quickly as the Perry ad? 
yahelc BSDWire never knew mine either! 
Not to bring up long-healed wounds but this reminds me why ppl were appalled by HRCs campaign. She hired ppl like Lanny 
JohnFord1619 is there going to be a livestream of the emergency GA? 
Occupy Boston, maybe largest remaining camp, has been ordered to evacuate by midnight. Read my piece for background 
arielshearer thank you - i just RT'd you 
AriBerman ThePlumLineGS that ad has more iStock photos than any I've ever seen cc benpolitico  
Somali Terrorists Join Twitter   Danger Room  
Heh good point RT samboykin samgf has Romney had his bubble? 
Troubling thought: only 2 GOP candidates haven't had a bubble yet. One is the scariest (Santorum) and other is the best candidate (Huntsman) 
Props to ishaantharoor for the Time top ten lists. Couldn't agree more with his choices. 
2011: The Year of the Grassroots. Time mag picks Arab Spring as  world news story and  as top US story 
Sage, who appeared in my Occupy Boston piece proposes a spring equinox end to encampment 
Would be amazing to find the actual home Lloyd Blankfein grew up in. Decent chance it or one next to it is boarded up. 
My nymag piece today: Occupy movement hasn't just created a new class dynamic; it's creating a new racial dynamic  
My latest piece, for nymag: Occupy East New York: From Wall St to the Hood 
kombiz it's my pensive blackwhite serious look 
laurenm SHAQ YES. Shaq, get on it! 
laurenm good call 
jesseberney laurenm hahahah 
laurenm agreed. how would you have written it? 
"I went to visit [Zuccotti] but no ones ever come here..all these people coming to the 'hood' makes me feel so much more connected" (2/2) 
From my upcoming  piece: A lot of the black people from here thought Occupy Wall Street was a white thing" says Erica, 25 (1/2) 
"Infusing his speech w/populist language that has emerged in Occupy protests around the nation, Mr Obama.."  
rodmickleburgh thanks for reading! 
petercoy Thanks! 
Pretty remarkable experience in East New York today witnessing  Writing it up for a piece now. 
Hey elliottjustin I'm planning to go to East New York to cover  too. 
Yahoo+CNN are content kings // Most Shared Articles on Facebook in 2011 
alexismadrigal frank_moss thx so much 
ioffeinmoscow great interview! 
More evidence that 2011 is this generation's 1968: huge, youth-led protests in Russia. ioffeinmoscow discusses: 
This came out on Fri afternoon, so I'm giving it an obligatory Mon retweet. Please read; I think it's my best work 
If you were Newt, would you *want* Cain's endorsement? 
This should be playing on a giant projector, on repeat, from Zuccotti, Dewey Sq, and all  sites 
Incredible 60minutes report. "How many people can they buy off?" Prosecuting Wall Street 
60 Minutes story "Prosecuting Wall Street" tomorrow is going to be very big. Cannot wait to see it. 
chrislhayes well said. thanks chris. 
JSDwyer thx john u can email me more thoughts at amsamgf.com if u want 
Mlsif thanks micah 
caulkthewagon i didnt say "leader" i said "de facto leader" - but i am definitely aware that there are lots of other leaders. thx 4 reading 
squibbish interesting. thx for your thoughts. 
joshua_eaton sorry you feel that way. i wrote an entire notebook's worth of notes over maybe 20 hrs of reporting. what did i miss? 
JSDwyer would love to hear more - always open to critiques about what i missed. 
OccupyRene thx for your feedback. food for thought 
A bit of evidence for my assertion that John Ford is de facto leader of Occupy Boston. He's got a hashtag!  
That said, there were many leaders I saw. Less a leaderless movement than a leaderful movement  
I'm hearing from  folks that thr main problem w/my piece is description of John Ford as "de facto leader" ... tho i stand by it 
bluemassgroup thanks for the tweet! 
UnaSpenser lemme know when it's up - would love to see it 
laurenm thanks for reading it! 
megreenwell Thx! 
noboa Thanks very much man 
UnaSpenser I'm sorry it came off that way. For what it's worth, I didn't think you were elitist at all, just concerned and pragmatic! 
KMBTweets hey! great to hear from you. my mom is pretty awesome, huh? 
I worked harder on this piece for thenation than anything I've ever written. Hard Times at Occupy Boston:  
Boston Protesters May Stay for Now While Occupy San Francisco Fears Ouster - Bloomberg 
Astonishing that campaigns still use stock photos. Take 2 seconds find a volunteer! (Perhaps Cain has no female vols?) 
So tired of GOPers speaking for Israel RT MittRomney Despite [Obama's] recent commnts..his actions have reptdly thrown Israel under the bus 
Breaking(ish): Suffolk Superior Court judge extends Occupy Boston's restraining order against the city 
EyalPress ariberman can you imagine if 2012 becomes a race btwn who "gets" Occupy Wall Street more, GOP or Dems? 
Ouch RT MattOrtega Mitt haz a sad on the cover of TIME: 
Stunning to see that OWS has made "capitalism" a dirty word, according to Frank Luntz. OWS is winning via ariberman 
chrislhayes exactly... just the right amount of creepy polishedness to make a good Senator! 
Prediction: This guy will become the youngest US Senator since Joe Biden. 
Police dismantle LA, Philadelphia camps. Is Occupy Boston next? 
Thessaly thrice in my life 
Thessaly have you heard about inbox zero? agolis intro'd it to me and it changed my life. sorta. 
teddygoff zzz 
Donated? If so, by who? RT OccupyWallStNYC has been liberated. The people are coming.  
Slept over at  last night for an upcoming piece. One of the most intense  amazing journalistic experiences of my life. 
Whose side are you on, Connolly?!? Harris Wittels on November in Humblebrag - Grantland 
The key to peace in the Middle East: Larry David 
"Thr ambition reflects a core mystery of Americn democracythe fact tht humble ppl can acquire power when they convince themselves they can" 
"The protesters have slipped around the soul-deadening, high-gloss marketing of mass-communication culture." The Nation 
maxlinsky any chance you can work your magic and get this up on longformorg so folks can read it on instapaper? 
Interesting/funny how marketers helped launch '11 movements, from Adbuster's Lasn to Google's ad exec Ghonim 
Truly annoying how nymag articles dont covert to Readability or Instapaper. Get with the times nymag! 
Rajon Rondo is on my train from NYP-BOS. The NBA's Joe Biden. 
The way that LAPhilly protesters react to these evictions will have big consequences for future of  
nybooks hmmm that's stalling too 
Yesterday, Black Friday, was the two-year anniversary of my iPhoneless life 
Bizarre RT jeremyzilar Time Magazine drastically alters its cover for U.S. readers this week 
I switched to the new Gmail and I can't help but feel that I am an utter sellout. 
Social media in Tahrir square: How  resulted in freeing Mona 
Hey MaytagCare I hate to call you out, but the brand new Maytag oven I bought crapped out on me on Thxgiving. Tips on how to nuke a turkey? 
A first for me: Giving a speech in front of a gigantic faux-Mayan temple 
Fight the trypto-smears! Carbs, not turkey, is what makes us sleepy 
Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. Let's all try to remember: This is water. 
Really well done video by HuffPo on  Gainesville 
rospars on it. 
Could use a little less background muzak, but IMHO this =10X more persuasive than a 30-sec TV ad. Dinner with Barack: 
Obama 2012 Campaign Has A Cooler Jersey Than Most NBA Teams 
I think the title of this piece should be "Ai Weiwei: 'If I was in NY, I would be a part of [Occupy]'" 
 T daveweigel Team Romney declares victory on Obama/McCain ad: "It worked." 
Just got a Roku. Any idea why the rightwing media is so dominant on it? CNBC, Fox, GBTV - where's my "Up" app? chrislhayes arimelber 
"If a journo..quoted someone in such an intellectually dishonest way, you would never trust the persons writing again" 
Trailer of Otpor alum kicosh's upcoming film about the revolution that inspired many of 2011 uprisings 
zentronix i hope not! there's still time for her to do an  video... 
 RT DavidCornDC How sad. RT samgf 2011 is my generation's 1968 
Agent Orange is a delicious flavor of cupcake frosting  
gzornick that's not till 2012 :) 
2011 is my generation's 1968 
USA Today Poll: 6 in 10 indifferent about  b/c of undefined goals // Not nec a bad thing 
A New Voice Grips South Korea With Plain Talk About Inequality and Justice - 
I always said nobody should sleep on Ron Paul 
TomAdler AriMelber ? personal attacks? i was giving his web team a compliment - it's a great looking website 
The new is dope. 
AliManzano oregonian randyras01 yup see my earlier tweet - i credited randy for the amazing photo 
brx0 yup - see my recent tweet; i gave the oregonian photog credit. what an image. 
Ok this photo is real. It was taken by Randy Rasmussen RandyRas01 of the Oregonian. Should win a Pulitzer IMHO:  
AliManzano that picture is amazing. Did you take it? If not, any idea who did? 
Wow. If this isn't a photoshop, it'll be huge RT brookejarvis So, this will go viral:  via ravenb 
Idea from my friend Ben: NYC teachers should take pix of their decaying classrooms  demand Bloomberg send in riot police to clean them up 
maychos abbeyRoad67 otpur influenced a lot of what's happened around the world in 2011. 
RyanNewYork Nope, but when I get back from Mexico I will start to explore. Lemme know if you know good ones in NYC 
True! RT CoopsCanada Obama campaign strategist Sam Graham-Felsen has pledged 2 move his money from a bank to a credit union   
Whod've thought Charlie Sheen would have been one of the intellectual influences of  See the "winning" slide 
Truly freaking cool. RT cameronewhite Here are more images from the Verizon building projection xeni   
Not a novel idea, but I'm glad it's time has come  
amberhjkim thanks amber! 
Reason I'm not in Zuccotti: just spoke to the icacoop conference in Mexico. They wanna know how 2 build on the "Move Your Money" campaign 
Bankers evicted from nations economy: The mayors statement. - Slate Magazine 
Ustream seems to work way better than livestream for coverage. This is a really good channel 
Occupy 2.0? "They said they...were considering supporting like-minded political candidates" 
I'm sure I'm the zillionth to tweet this, but this is amazing. Biggie calms crying baby. 
Press release from  "In a victory for Harvard janitors and the 99 percent... janitors have reached a tentative agreement" 
Love the fact that the library continues to be at the center of Zuccotti. Libraries in general are an incredibly radical idea. 
Smart guy at Zuccotti GA: "As of now, you're all in the Sanitation Working Group. We gotta keep our park clean"  
RichardKimNYC maddow Savio's wrench in the machine speech is incredibly moving 
tommatzzie chrislhayes I thought 9/11+Iraq woudlve been the catalysts, but it was economy and failure of political system that did it 
Lol. The greatest achievement of  RT ZerlinaMaxwell I just saw a tweet about Sarah Palin. Had mostly forgotten she existed  
kmthurman you mean like corporate headquarters and national parks? 
chrislhayes I think what's been radicalizing is the last few years, not whole decade. 
Kidipede I do think staying in Zuccotti in shifts is a good idea -- I think staying there is v important symbolically 
Polling the Twittersphere: what do you think the next move for  should be? Stay put in Zuccotti, camp somewhere else, march? 
Thank you xeni for pushing back on needless unconfirmed conspiracy talk. There's much bigger *real* stuff to discuss re  
Watching livestream of GA at Zuccotti. Man asks "Will we stay here tonight or march?"  
JeffSharlet is your sense that people are going to try to actually sleep? or is it going to be an "up all night" kind of thing? 
M_Gelin I don't disagree! 
Sign at Foley Square: Mubarak, Gaddafi, Bloomberg 
Yup nancyscola: Mass confusion over where the  Park hearing is meant to be. Wandering herd of press,  folks." 
Very little happening at zuccotti. Heading to grand st to see what's up  
I should clarify: police put away outer ring of barricade. Still two layers around  though 
Police putting away barricades at  Bc of court order? 
Man runs into Zuccotti w American flag, police wrest it away and arrest him 
Crowd has thinned considerably at Zuccotti. Waiting to see what will happen after hearing. But nothing going on now. Police look v relaxed 
Reason for running: rumor someone got pepper sprayed. Chants of "the whole world is watching" 
Everyone is running west. Not sure why 
Third arrest I've seen 
Hey AriMelber drop some legal knowledge. What happens after 1130 hearing? Do cops have to let them in? 
Another arrest. Interestingly they're bringing arrested INTO park (to make an example?) 
Man rapping "The mayor has no clothes"  
Btw kagrox there is no sign of defecation at  
Man yells at cop: "you are the occupiers. You're occupying our park" 
Crowd is extremely racially diverse btw  
First arrest I've seen so far 
Well things changed - One man just arrested for breaking barrier 
An almost eerie calm here. People slowly circling the park with court order photocopies. Calmly asking cops to "pleas stop breaking law" 
Man continues "you're union guys. We're so proud of you and the work you did on 9/11. Look at the position they put you in" 
A message for Bloomberg from  
Man says to cop "you didn't sign up for this. Look at the position they put you in. They're making you break the law." 
New chant: "cops turned criminals"  
New chant: "if you don't know the law, give up your badge" 
Man in pic before is Sgf Smarsch. Big guy.  
Woman says "we're getting two diff messages - stand in place and walk around the park. This is the prob with the movement" 
Things were hectic but feel very calm now. Rain starting to fall  
Man says "I will get back in and make my voice heard loud and clear"  
Anyone know who this guy is?  
Mic check: new strategy announced "keep walking around the park" zuccotti 
Police pushing people back down 
Protesters chant "you are breaking the law!" 
Hurdling barriers 
People jump barriers. Yelling "this is our park! Go over the barricade" 
Some protesters attempting to brake barricades 
Crowd chanting "we have a court order!" 
Outside  
Crowd converging on  
Just heard a roar up broadway... March must be very close  
CitizenCassidy xeni nancyscola I'm here too 
NY Post vendor at Zuccotti 
Reporters always seem to flock to craziest ppl holding angriest signs   
michaelwhitney Yes lots of police and safety workers 
Protesters distributing court order photocopies saying they have right to be in park...  
At zuccotti... A few protesters circling park with signs but v quiet. March is on its way over here 
katz hey where is march heading next - im gonna get on train to check it out but wanna be in the right place! :) 
If Zuccotti is actually over, I wonder if other large sites -- eg  -- will become focal points of  movement 
Harvard's janitors ready to strike at midnight if they don't get a deal 
KatrinaNation I think that's a strong message, but key question is how to continue to *visualize* that idea for media, w/o occupations? 
heif how much of a spike was there in  stuff due to evictions? 
M_Gelin true - they're harder to organize, but if they happened, it would keep movement alive. the key, i think, is publicness 
How many mayors are going to justify Occupy site sweeps b/c Bloomberg did it? Will prob depend on how things go down in NY over nxt few days 
anildash I'm not entirely convinced of that. Most mvmnts - incl Civil Rights - have had to deal w extremist hanger-ons and regained message 
daveweigel ThePlumLineGS they don't help the cause, but on other hand, w/o the imagery of occupation, how will  keep media interest? 
anildash i used to agree w you but im not so sure. w/o a physical, transparent occupation, the message seems likely to fade 
Re last tweet, that's the equivalent of Bloomberg saying "There are allegations Obama is a Muslim terrorist... but I've found no proof" 
Wow - Bloomberg just said "There are allegations of people defecating in alleys" -- and then immediately said he found no evidence of this! 
Heading to Brooklyn Bridge  
Hate to say it, but Elizabeth Warren is better at direct-to-camera video than Obama 
This is how I felt when I find out the news about the NBA today via chrislhayes 
nkharoo I'd love to come back! I may be there next fall. 
Smooth elections, a coalition between moderate Islamists and secularists..Tunisia as a model for the Arab Spring: 
chrislhayes GregMitch Chris, lose your chains already, man. 
Just bought GregMitch's new ebook 40 DAYS THAT SHOOK THE WORLD: From Occupy Wall Street to Occupy 
Miss this earlier- good post by ramya "Perry gaffe is the most-viewed video in both Des Moines and Cedar Rapids" 
Other than NBA live games (which aren't happening right now anyway!) is there *any* reason to go with Apple TV over Roku? 
Even if Jigga isn't donating any profits (he should!) the cultural impact of this is pretty big 
AriBerman linking to your piece wasnt enough? :) 
Worth reading: An Open Letter to Occupy Oakland from the Oakland Police Officers Association 
Herzog's brilliance: "I only get him there by asking him to tell me about an encounter with a squirrel" 
I've come around. You know, who needs specific demands? Social movements change the contours of debate: 
Man, this took guts  via chrislhayes 
PatrickRuffini what mainstream leftists actually argue socialism has performed better than capitalism over time? can you name any? 
Seeing the Google News "badges" for the first time. Does anyone think that will encourage anyone to consume meaningful content over garbage? 
Off to HaroldKumar 3. When I met kalpenn I told him HK was up there w Huck Finn in the annals of American social commentary. He sighed. 
Ironic that on the day I publish a piece about whether  can survive the winter, it's 70 degrees here in Brooklyn 
AriBerman less about technical savvy and more about understanding how to speak to movements 
Elizabeth Warren is so good at the Internet: 
LOL Cain's exploding thermometer. Imagine Howard Dean's baseball bat bashing someone in the head. 
The Harvard twitter feed, shockingly, is silent on the Harvard Yard occupation. 
Warren fans should thank Karl Rove for that ad. My guess is it will lead to a huge influx of online donations from left and  supporters 
Good post by ariberman Karl Rove vs. Elizabeth Warren 
Seems like an idiotic move by President Faust // Harvard Keeps Occupy Harvard for Harvard Students Only 
The Preston Strategy RT kasie Cain: "How do you beat Obama? Beat him with a Cain!" (Cane?) 
Touched: The Jerry Sandusky Story (actual title) should be a huge boon to the Freudian analysis industry 
AriBerman the article is fairly convincing 
Globe's Bob Ryan "This is the single biggest story in the history of college sports" 
Seems like baratunde should intvw Victor Davis Hansen to add a new chapter to his upcoming book How to Be Black cc tanehisi adamserwer 
My latest piece for GOOD: As winter approaches, can MIT nerds save  
Harvard's living wage movement is back cc: mattyglesias 
Apparently, aplusk is getting his media (and moral?) advice from charliesheen. 
Hard to know what was the biggest media fail of the night. Perry's flub or aplusk's defense of Joe Paterno? 
Anyone who wants to understand what's happening at  needs to listen to this amazing thisamerlife episode 
ramya ONLY hope is to give a totally out there speech about how BS the political process is. Which he'll never do bc hes a classic pol :) 
Imagine if Perry'd said "Im done w the phony pretense of debates. Just go 2  stormed off. Wldve raised zillions. 
YES YES YES  spread the hashtag! RT kalpenn Yes. JohnTheCho: ActuallyNPH should host the Oscars. That's easy, right? 
If Perry were a good candidate he'd have pivotedsaid "Ah, the hell with this talking point. Americans are sick of talking points anyway" 
 TGovernorPerry ..glad I wore my boots 2nite bc I steppd in it..I did still name 2 agencies to elmnate. O has never done that! 
megstro AriMelber maybe reading tweets is. but the act of tweeting = usually a brag 
How the GOP Became the Party of the Rich  Rolling Stone 
Attention every other local news reporter in America: THIS is how you do it. 
One of the best digital innovations I've seen so far from  // Street Vendor Project at Wall Street 
AriMelber brilliant 
...theres now frequent talk of a Moores law in solar energy 
E-Cigarettes Help Smokers Quit, but They Have Some Unlikely Critics 
jedlewison it will be fun to watch how fast Newt fades from flavor-of-the-month status... Christmas in November for oppo researchers 
sgallman CNNJustin CNNITSMO thx! and justin i agree my life wsnt balanced. but if most folks w iphones are honest, thrs prob arnt either! 
Louis C.K. on live-tweeting the second coming of Jesus 
Joe Frazier vs Muhammad Ali - March 8, 1971 - Round 1 - 3 - YouTube 
wyskida this is great thx! 
These are dope. H/t reihansalam // Travel and Tourism Posters from the WPA 
Jon Corzines Ever-Useful Facial Hair -- New York Magazine 
mcbyrne BFriedmanDC sorry i meant to write "i'm *not* in dc" - i live in brooklyn 
mcbyrne BFriedmanDC im in DC but if you know any good community organizers who can guide me through a GA at Zuccotti, please lemme know! 
I wrote a new blog post: Is it time for Occupy 2.0?  
Incredible footage // Inside the Underground Lives of Syrian Activists  Syria Undercover  FRONTLINE  PBS 
LOL OF THE CENTURY RT thinkprogress: Cain: "Its a double standard. Why didnt they ask O about his relationship w Bill Ayers more than once" 
Come on Chevy - if you use an idea from the Internet to sell cars, credit the dude who came up with the idea 
This is smart - and cool chrislhayes // Up with Chris Hayes - Create Your Own "Up" Clip 
Elizabeth Warren's anger - The Plum Line - The Washington Post 
IMHO this should be the central goal of  // Senators Introduce Constitutional Amendment To Overturn Citizens United 
 // RT chucktodd So Herman Cain sits down for an interview with Ginni Thomas, Justice Thomas' wife 
Credit to Huntsman for having fun online // RT Jon2012girls WORLD PREMIERE! Jon2012girls Smokin' Ad: 
Who knew NWA's reach was that wide? (See signs) // Egyptians march from Tahrir Square to support Occupy Oakland 
ramya thx! 
Hey ramya have any other GOP YouTube vids crossed 1 million mark this cycle? 
Imagine how much more he could have raised with a functional online strategy // Cain raises $3 million in October 
Tahrir activists to  "Where are the organizers?" she asked. "There must be organizers." 
Lolz. Next thing you know the word "Brooklyn" will start appearing on Wonder Bread. // Everything Fake Is Now 'Artisan' 
tanehisi AriBerman EyalPress thenation chrislhayes I always thought Eyal was the antithesis of a tweep. 
Saw this in SkyMall mag on recent flight. Really, "Inventor's Corner"? benpolitico ariberman 
Wow: 
A lot of surprising/frustrating stuff here re Jobs+Obama. Who knew he wanted to create our campaign ads? 
The new Instapaper is here! 
Maybe the best Franzen takedown I've ever seen: NOT FOSTER WALLACE 
Tune into MPR: McCarthy Public Radio 
How the Austerity Class Rules Washington from ariberman 
Maroon 5: the new soundtrack to  RT adamlevine: Dear Fox News, don't play our music on your evil f*cking channel ever again. Thank you 
Brutal anti-Perry attack vid from Romney. In digital age, YouTube vids like this might matter more than actual debates 
Where is the RW media coverage of the Yom Kippur, Sukkot, and Simchat Torah gatherings at  sites across the US? 
Prediction: at some point today, Rush will make a joke about how the "exotic animals have been located... in Zuccotti park" 
NathanielS thx for the tip - great stuff 
NamelessNote im based in brooklyn but i pop down to dc a fair amount... 
The Greatest OWS Protest Sign Ever 
AriMelber gizzle? 
murshedz thx! didnt know that. 
benpolitico i'll be wearing a scarlet T for the rest of my days 
For the record: I don't think  Revolution." Title pokes fun at MSM's soc-media obsession. I do think Tumblr plays impt role tho 
ttagaris benpolitico laurenm exactly 
tommatzzie laurenm yeah we're also in a shitty economy where people are thinking extra-long about clicking a donate button 
richisglorious benpolitico elongreen ok! not a perfect comparison. but raising $ in primary season w/o challenger is far from easy 
jmac82 yeah but that primary competition also helped drive up donations, big time. most ppl wait around to donate till general election... 
The other amazing thing about Obama's 1 million donors: this time, they don't have a primary w Hillary Clinton. benpolitico 
benpolitico in terms of what? certainly, a much bigger email list to start. 
This=big: the Obama campaign is about to reach 1 million donors. For perspective, it took us til the end of Feb '08 to get there last time. 
jaredbkeller haha! my next piece is going to be called "TwitterGate Tsunami Revolution" 
blakehounshell title was ironic. poking fun at media obsession w soc media revolutions. also wrote about this here: 
jaredbkeller cybertheorist The title was intended to be ironic, poking fun at the way the media labels things TK revolutions. 
My new piece for GOOD - Is Occupy Wall Street the Tumblr Revolution? 
monicatapiaa great ones! 
Thx! RT GiseleNMendez My days are way better thanks to their articles:  mk11215 stevesilberman samgf benoitraphael joehagansays... 
Working on a piece about  Tumblrs. If you created or have come across a good one, please tweet at me! 
Of course, enforcing discipline is prob too "non-horizontal." Srsly though, I hope a few idiots don't screw things up for the 99 tomorrow 
The eviction will be a very good thing for the  movement if the core organizers at Zuccotti enforce non-violent discipline. 
Thx! RT UCF_Global 2days forum on People Power, PoliticsGlobal Change was great. Thanks to samgf especially for rly making an impression! 
For perspective: Herman Cain was the Mike Gravel of the GOP field. And he is LEADING. 
Will O's fundraising totals get the GOP to start taking digital seriously? Or will they just rely on big $ going to shady outside groups? 
Most notable stat from Obama's Q3 fundraising totals: over 600k individual donors. That's *more* than Q2. 
Obama raises $70 million in the historically slow Q3. Apparently those crazy email subject lines paid off! 
Could Chris Christie's endorsement of Romney have been a bigger fail? Usually, endorsees get a bump, they don't start losing to Herman Cain. 
Now that Cain is leading the GOP, can he hire someone to make his website functional? 
Possibly the best way to contribute to a political campaign in history // Joe Biden Can Holder 
Half-joking proposal for  Rebuild and restore sanity: bring back Manny! 
Publicly denigrating Tito's mental health - especially after he delivered 2 rings - is outrageous. Whoever did it should go to confession. 
Is it possible that Rick Perry is more of a fail than Fred Thompson?  
Perry on the trail / Epic Fail.  
farrellmcmanus thank you! 
"NOOOOOO," screams Perry's adviser, "we just lost the history professor vote!" // There have been a thousand worse fails than this for Perry 
The media giveth and the media taketh away. See: Perry, Rick. 
Liu always felt suspiciously awesome to me... kinda like John Edwards 
So much good stuff on longformorg right now 
I'll be on Bloomberg TV tonight 30 mins or so before the GOP debate talking new media and 2012 
[B]rutal...It's not just what he says, but the total forcefulness and sincerity with which he says it // props 2 DNC 
AnnCali indeed! 
The Millionaire March is pretty brilliant on part of  Esp handing big checks... Hope nobody screws up a good message by being violent 
If Perry wins, he better give chrislhayes and ambassadorship! :) 
If I were Netflix, I'd release 15 different "We're humans, and sometimes humans do idiotic things" videos. Only way out of this is humor. 
juliarosen nice! l'shana tova to you both. 
To my fellow tribesmen/women: check out this Kol Nidre service at Zuccotti Park tonight 
Prayer is meaningless unless it is subversive... The liturgical movement must become a revolutionary movement. --Heschel 
A Jewish Writer in America - text of a talk given by Saul Bellow published for first time ever in nybooks 
babiejenks thx jane! 
This is a good sign from  
braunold i can only imagine! 
One of the hardest parts of adjusting 2 being a writer again is learning to ignore the comments section on ur pieces  
Romney's "Major Foreign Policy Speech" = classic campaign trope. Anytime a campaign bills a speech as "Major," networks give live coverage. 
benpolitico I have to admit, I've been that indy doc filmmaker many times 
bobdobolina MotherJones thx bob! (btw i love that song) 
I wrote a piece for MotherJones about  // Occupy Wall Street, Steve Jobs, and the Crazy Ones 
TimKarr nice pix. what kind of camera do you shoot w? 
KyleAPennell thx! 
GirlsGoneChild kshartnett thanks! it's a really smart blog and i think you'll like it 
owillis i wonder if some people will demand a Jobs birth certificate before taking their kids to another Pixar movie 
Reading about Jobs' biological father, a Syrian, made me think: is Jobs the most influential Arab-American ever? 
I wrote a short blog post responding to criticisms of my iPhone piece // Remember those pocket TVs from the 90s? 
Thanks for sharing my insufferable content! RT PaulBlu This is insufferable. bit.ly/qqtQvG 
ckaszer thanks for having me. folks asked great questions. 
kaysteiger sorry u found my piece pretentious! i tried hard not to be preachy  I realize reading Walden is clichd - but it's damn good! 
My favorite sign at the  rally yesterday: "Develop Your Empathy." 
Part of my inspiration to drop my iPhone was Jobs: If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today? 
Amazing how much Jobs fits the Abe Lincoln/Horatio Alger template. Adopted, dropped out bc couldnt afford college, fired by his own company 
girlsgonechild Check out Growing Sideways. Dad blog by my friend kshartnett, funny, touching, well written: 
Why Jobs was Jobs: "Over course of a year he tossed out two iPhone prototypes...before approving the third" 
Steve Jobs must have had incredible parents, too. 
Steve Jobss Patents - Interactive Feature - NYTimes.com 
jgfong won't ever forget it! 
Not defending unlawful police actions, but making police the enemy=worst political strategy ever. See Obama, Gates, Beer Summit, 2009. 
I don't think any ad campaign ever affected me as much as Think Different did: RIP  
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve's success than the fact that much of world learned of his passing on a device he invented." Obama 
laurenm you can be my email czar for the Shaq-led movement 
How dope would it be if SHAQ just showed up at  and became the movement's de facto leader? (h/t chrislhayes 4 inspiring this) 
HarvardBooks thanks for the tweet! You're my all-time favorite book store. I still remember buying "Gravity's Rainbow" at HBS. 
Even better than my boring lil Nokia! RT AHAlife SamGF dumps iPhone in GOOD article: su.pr/8x1SO8. Our suggstn: simplicity aha.lc/Ts5n0X 
That is, of course, if you agree that the cause is just. 
Every recent protest I can think of was planned/initiated by fringe-y groups. But not marching bc ur afraid of guilt by association is sad. 
danielnyari thanks man! 
danielnyari i'm also too weak-willed to keep a box of delicious doughnuts on my desk, so i don't buy em! :) 
danielnyari interesting. well, i guess i am saying "i'm too weak-willed to own an iphone." and i'm happier now without it. 
danielnyari i hear you, but don't you think there are some technologies that can change human behavior - and not nec in good ways? 
danielnyari I never claimed I was a master of self-control. But I'm curious - why does a personal choice I made make you angry? 
JessJoyceJ give it a try. i'm pretty sure you won't regret it! 
For any1 who read the tweet I just deleted, it was accidentally sent from my FB page. I'm not shutting down my twitter account!  
The  marches on! RT SandraBernhard i [still have] my nokia..when i walk the streets i collect my thoughts 2 share later 
Well, Apple.com is telling me "Access Denied." Maybe I got Jobs angry with my iPhone breakup piece? 
Best reaction so far (from my wife) RT sashagila An Internet obsessive dumps iPhone, pleases wife: bit.ly/pJ3t5Y 
JennieKenny thx! let me know if you decide to give up your smart phone... let's start a  
TechKilljoy DanaGoldstein very cool! i'm curious what they think. other than the fact that i'm a curmudgeonly moron :) 
(Non)Ironically, it was bc I lack an iPhone  was doing errands all AM that Im just seeing all of the RTs-thx everyone! 
The iPhone 5 comes out today. I wrote a piece for GOOD about why I dumped my iPhone and won't get an iPhone 5 
It's ok to be BOTH disappointed with  crowd's mockable disorganization AND inspired by their re-ignition of the Left 
"...viciously opposed to the emergence of any kind of mass movement to the left of the Democratic Party leadership" 
Herman Cains Bad Pizza 
"We can talk about Skip Gates wrongful arrest. Or we can pass health-care.We can not do both." 
My piece for GOOD about all of the fundraising emails you've been getting  why quarterly deadlines actually matter 
Global protests - The Big Picture - Boston.com 
richmintz which one did you get? 
dmcrawford thanks michael! 
Herman Cain for Red Sox GM! 
Herman Cain leads the pack in the latest Zogby poll. Clearly attributable to his stellar YouTube strat. 
Was on Bloomberg TV w scarletfu today talking social media and politics. Gave some props 2 Ron Paul, neg props 2 Perry 
benpolitico owillis I still have that song in my head. "You don't need no bling! You got the real thing!" 
Who is his social media guru - Mao? RT romenesko GovernorPerry is still trying to block reporters. journ.us/mX9SZE 
Why don't  folks organize around backing Donna Edwards' const amendment on cmpgn finance? Wld be quixotic but at least focused 
mdavisjd would be the only honest way to run and "honesty" is supposedly his thing... I guess if you're an honest jerk, ppl vote for u? 
If Christie gets in the race, would he pull a Huntsman and be a "reasonable" Republican or cow-tow to the far right like everyone else? 
Hard to believe this is true. If it is, it's one of the dumbest moves in Facebook history 
For the record, I'm not saying I'm ashamed, I'm saying there's widespread shame. No one even uses word "left" anymore - they say progressive 
DQYDDREAM baratunde many thanks! 
AdamSerwer lol "He is a BOLSHEVIK NAZI" // hard to believe that isn't satire 
I wish I had been alive when being on the left in America was something people were proud of, not ashamed of 
Great times sampling bourbons in Louisville with baratunde last night. Really looking forward to  
Media covers right wing protest because it is "exotic." Media ignores left-wing protest because they think it's eye-rollingly predictable. 
Yes. Tweet of the Year: RT nealbrennan When you use the term, "Well Played," you're not playing well 
Visited AliCenter today. U can watch all of his great fights in entirety; saw Ali-Forman fight and was so mesmerized I could hardly move 
maxlinsky hey, im a huge fan of Longform.org. literally my first go-to for content each day. sorry to have missed you at  
Got surprise QA'd by baratunde at the ideafestival. Gonna watch aubreydegrey on living forever, then check out Louisville Slugger museum 
MissVentricula BenWilliamSmith thanks! 
ealepping thanks emma! 
kombiz right. you dont wanna lose the scrapbook. it's always the thing ppl are most sad about when their homes burn down. 
Also wonder if ppl will be creeped by sharing past. It's 1 thing that FB knows what I like now-but do I really want FB 2 know my LIFE story? 
Fascinated by FB  It's intriguing that we'll be sharing our pasts as well as presents. But I wonder: what does FB get out of it? 
Classic NYDN piece needlessly stoking stereotypes // Moms vs. teens turns plaground into battle zone 
On Thurs FB will enable users 2 physically hug one another // Prepare Yourselves: Facebook To Be Profoundly Changed 
 RT jaketapper if ANYONE has prob..considerng viewpts othr thn thr own they prob shldnt follow me. i am professionally agnostic 
"Victims of violence are blackwhite richpoor youngold famousunknown...human beings whom other human beings lovedneeded" bit.ly/pMnJKE 
You know what? Every execution should be livestreamed for all Americans to see. Let's embrace who we are.  
Every Georgian - actually, every American - should be forced to watch a livestream of  receiving the injection. 
Hate to be so black and white about this, but anyone who is happy about  is simply disconnected from his/her own humanity. 
Damn.  
Would be cosmically incredible if Clarence Thomas saved  
GrantBrooke thanks 
montuckyliberal word 
I wish everyone on Twitter, Facebook, and the entire Internet would write  not because it will change anything, but just because 
T-Paw vid guy is now working for Perry. If this video style resonates with you, may the lord have mercy on your soul. 
Yes this is a really annoying tendency: "using 'pro-Israel' to mean 'the most right-wing position possible on Israel'" 
AriMelber that's been my instinct but why not just group friends/family  fans/followers separately  post different content to each? 
With the new Facebook, is there any reason to still have both a regular profile and a Page? 
Facebook needs to make it a lot easier to unsubscribe from unwanted newsfeed items. Right now there are like 15 options. I just want Y or N. 
Also, Reagan was a socialist RT PatrickRuffini Buffett Rule..it is no longer imptnt for candidates to appear moderate in a general election 
A Glimpse at Bloombergs Lavish Tastes at Home // Leopard-print chairs? Really? 
Whoever wrote this email to benpolitico must think Reagan = socialist. How was extending Bush tax cuts far-leftist? 
When Perry says "I support a two-state solution" he's pro-Israel. When Obama says "I support a two-state solution" he's anti-Israel. 
Bachmann Remark on HPV Vaccine Could Ripple for Years // Incredibly depressing 
Rule  in politics: If Mark Penn thinks you are wrong, you are right. 
Hey chrislhayes and kateah where did you get those muffins? They looked good. Now hungry and heading to Blue Sky bakery in Brooklyn. 
That "You Need to Know" segment on UP with chrislhayes was excellent. 
Vet rolls out angrily, kicking door open w his one leg, shouting "I go to war, come back, and can't even go to a damn bathroom." Damn. 2/2 
Painful moment at Starbucks in NY. Youngish Vet rolls in on wheelchair, prosthetic leg in hand, asks 2 go 2 bathroom but its out of ordr 1/2 
Joe Lieberman, why are you a part of the Brooklyn Book Festival? Please leave. 
In Wash Sq Park tonight, 2 days after 9/11: bit.ly/qMEVoe // Testament to the greatness of USA that we allow such despicable public speech 
Save the St Mark's Bookshop! 
I really hope some NYC journos will cover this movie screening and expose this disgusting fearmongering. brianstelter AriMelber 
Title is "The Untold Story of the Ground Zero Mega-Mosque." Free speech but in absolutely terrible taste. Cannot believe they got permit. 
What NYC city official allowed this film to be shown? It clearly seems designed to stoke anger. WTF, two days after 9/11. Really? 
Bizarre. Seemingly very anti-Islam documentary playing on big screen in Washington Sq park. It's sponsored by Christian Action Network 
chrislhayes just discovered it... going to play around w it. instapaper has changed my life, so im excited for this 
Spool Is Instapaper On Steroids  TechCrunch 
Really, Manny? 
Obama may be still using a payphone, but I bet Romney still has an AOL email address. 
Fail RT benpolitico Also tweeting! RT RickSantorum: I trust you. I trust the American people to make their own choices for healthcare. 
Title of Huntsman's soon to be release campaign memoir: "Oh Well, Whatever, Nevermind." 
The only thing worse than Huntsman making a Nirvana reference at a GOP debate would be Gingrich quoting Dre. 
I've never seen a home court advantage in a debate like Perry's at this one: everything he says gets wild applause. 
Romney is smart for harping on Soc Sec and not letting go. Forcing Perry to answer. 
Thank you, firemen. 
What you cant do is be told by a social media guru to act authentic and still be authentic // Fair enough. 
If you haven't listened to this wnycradiolab episode about sports, you are truly missing out. The bball part=amazing 
LeftObama's base should acknowledge that Obama is a) stepping up the intensity of his rhetoric and b) directly asking the grassroots to act 
jedlewison jaketapper shame on me then. and propes to tapper! 
If this wasn't intended to be ironic, shame on you RT jaketapper Propes to all the candidates tonight.  
Little known fact: Galileo proudly executed hundreds in his pursuit of astronomical truth. 
cbellantoni I saw it in NYC too. 
It's amazing that GOP nom'd McCain, who was arguably as liberal as Huntsman, in '08. Utterly unthinkable that they'd go w/a moderate today 
Great stuff from Lawrence on MSNBC just now: "Ronald Reagan would have been the wild lefty in the room." 
AriBerman right -- maybe the highly influential "sane wing" will go to him :) 
AriBerman I still don't get why they wouldn't flock to Huntsman too. 
This will be quoted all over the place RT davidfrum Governor Perry failed to do any preparation for the most obvious questions. 
efleischer yeah the landscape could change once internet/tv merge more... but i still think media elites decide debate winners, not public 
The weird thing about debates: they matter a fraction of how much the stupid post-debate analysis matters. Whoever they say wins, wins. 
GOP debate audience applauding execution of over 200 people by Perry in Texas: one of the sadder moments I've seen in our history. 
Rick Perry: king of night vision, king of insight. 
Gupta12345 unmarketing Thanks so much! 
montuckyliberal why is that? b/c of campus addresses? 
When Huntsman drops out, I bet he'll go on Colbert and be funnier than Pawlenty. 
montuckyliberal also i don't think all of those young voters and newly registered voters will just disappear. not in a prez election year. 
montuckyliberal our biggest fundraising day was Palin's RNC speech; imagine how riled grassroots will be by an extremist GOP opponent 
If I were Huntsman Id go after Perry's extremism hard tonightstand out as a true "moderate." Most likely, he'll be boringhave to drop out. 
Last time we faced McCain, a moderate beloved by media. This time much of GOP field=more extreme than Palin. Fear of extremists=mobilization 
I actually think Obama's base may come out bigger than in 2008 unless Romney is the candidate; maybe even if Romney is 
One more GOP name: The Party of Zero New Ideas 
Alternative moniker for the GOP: The Party of ZZZZZZZZZZZ. 
SGF's New G.O.P. label: The Hater Party // G.O.P.'s New Obama Label: President Zero 
Amazing tour of culinary Paris today by Meg of parisbymouth. Highly recommended. 
Glenn Beck: Jewish People 'Drive Me Out Of My Mind' With Their Constant Talking (AUDIO) 
daveweigel will you or won't you RULE OUT that you may announce some future plans at some point in the future? 
If you don't lol a little at this, you're not human 
I am losing $17.9m on my wedding RT AnnieLowrey Kim Kardashian is making $17.9 million on her wedding. nyp.st/qX9xnn 
Obama's reading David Grossman's To the End of the Land! Check out my fianc sashagila's excellent review in Haaretz 
Shaq: Obama to blame for Rondo's struggles 
Chris Hughes Social Causes Startup Jumo Gets Folded Into GOOD //Inspiring content+excellent action toolset=great move 
jodikantor prob hiking in Patagonia and camel riding through Sahara for a week (though for relaxing and beauty, the Greek Islands) 
jodikantor I was highly, highly reluctant, but caved when gcaw told me MP was a must-see in Peru. Top 3 travel experience of my life. 
jodikantor im not a ruins person, or frankly a museum person either. but it's not about the ruins, it's about the journey there+the setting 
jodikantor if you're talking all of South America, I hate to say it, but Macchu Picchu is it. 
jodikantor def go to Bariloche in Argentina. Do the famous hike and stay overnight in the hut at the top of the trail. Great food+wine 
emersonye nope - was just his humble blogger... 
If it weren't for socialists like Warren Buffett, our economy could get back on track. 
Only in America: the two biggest "socialists" we have are Warren Buffett and George Soros. 
The hoopla around Rick Perry as late-entry GOP savior reminds me of the frenzy over Fred Thompson. 
Can't believe the Perry campaign launched with a .org. Has any major campaign ever done that? Owner of RickPerry.com now has a lot of power. 
Perry=dumb to announce on straw poll day. Announce day after  steal all Bachmann's thunder ala Palin's day-after-DNC VP announcement in 08 
Prob the same lady who switched from HRC to BO to Richardson in '08 RT benpolitico met a couple..voted for Obama..now support Bachmann 
From Playbook: "Ron Paul is  on Google's "Hot Topics" list. Mitt Romney is  No other candidate ranks." 
Why does Ron Paul not have way better poll numbers? 
Re GOP debate, a friend writes: "watching this is making me think I should spend the next 16 months flyering for Obama 24 hours a day " 
irincarmon yahelc jeffchu the fact that they brought a nypost photog to the guy's house makes me think this is a stunt... 
MARI-ANO! 
badler it hurts so bad!! 
badler Mariano is utterly owned by the Sox, historically. 
tkromelis kellnaaah this could be one of those 14-inning epics. 
People who are giddily jumping at the opportunity to (s)pin the blame on Obama for the downgrade are, frankly, sad and deluded human beings. 
I feel obligated to mention that there is free wifi on the ferry to Oak Bluffs and yet still no free wifi at 99 of airports  
The new new Egypt - must-read piece by fmr Congressman Tom Perriello on what's happening now 
Only in Park Slope. Someone offers $500 for a lost stuffed animal benpolitico chrislhayes irincarmon 
Its Time to Scrutinize Fox by Michael Massing  The New York Review of Books 
Depresses me that this is  most emailed NYTimes article right now. It is certainly the  tritest NYT oped right now 
jedlewison like 
I'm probably not the first person to say this, but shouldn't Wired magazine be renamed Wireless? Being "wired" is so 1990s. 
Must watch // Impressionist Does Shakespeare in Celebrity Voices - YouTube 
This is my new favorite column on the internet // The Humblebrag Power List - Grantland 
Paging brianbeutler RT andersoncooper A 
DavidCornDC as if she won't deal with constant attacks from Congressional GOPers as a candidate for Senate? 
Lame, should be HuffPo RT huffpostmedia: YES!!!!! RT romenesko: New AP stylebook entry says it's HuffPost, not HuffPo. 
There's something pretty remarkable about this // Previously unreleased video of Obama talking to college students. 
Damn this sounds pretty good // Chavs - The Demonization of the Working Class - Review - NYTimes.com 
myersnews kleinmatic with the DNC donations, avg comes to $88 which is still significantly less than '08 avergage 
I can't think of any live performance I'd rather see than an unannounced 2am Dave Chappelle standup show 
The  I'm curious abt is not how much GOP candidates raised (1/2 what Obama did) but how much RW indy groups spent. That  will go up and up 
Another incredible thing about Obama's fundraising numbers: the avg donation of $69 is much less than avg donation in '08 campaign. 
Boom. Obama raises $86 mil. Most impt number, though, is 98 of donations under $250. Also avg donation at $69 
Last  complaint today. This has to be the least targeted online ad I've ever seen. Really Walmart? 
Contd "Go to usairways.com/feedback so we can followup directly.We aren't able to provide a proper response on Twitter." (2/2)  
Hilarious: usairways trying to discourage critical feedback on Twitter. Their bio: "Have a complaint/compliment to share with us?" (1/2) 
Was just charged $105 in "fees" for a frequent flyer award ticket on a *domestic flight.* Now boycotting usairways for the rest of my life. 
Menino threatens to quit plan targeting crime by immigrants - The Boston Globe 
Map of horrific violence in Boston on July 4th 
Here's the link to my appearance w margbrennan on Bloomberg TV re the Twitter town hall 
Being able to call friends from Facebook undermines the entire point of FB, which is to have substance-free conversations and click "like." 
The more ppl take advantage of opportunities like  the more the govt will be willing to open up  do more stuff like this. So ask! 
Yikes. Actually kinda surprised more unions  interest grps arent taking opp to fire shots RT AFLCIO Where are the jobs?  
Really, Jewel? Also, really Oscar Mayer? 
Umami Burger New York Slated for Late 2012 
mcgregormt your countrymen must be appalled right now 
YouTube - Grateful Dead Rocking the National Anthem 
Word RT GlobeSox: RedSox release PSA in support of It Gets Better Project, which helps prevent bullying of  youth 
Yes // Save Our Inboxes! Adopt the Email Charter 
Ask the President a question on Twitter 
Want: Oregon Beach House With Views of The Goonies Rock 
AriBerman actually that sounds like a  
Last week, I didn't want to read anything in the NewYorker; this week I want to read every article. 
Watch out for Breitbart! RT thenation Cruise preparations in full-swing. Check out this line up: KatrinaNation  VanJones68 for starters! 
Blog post from '07 I wrote about the Butter Cow Lady, w/pic of the Butter Obama statue (it was actually a butter 'O') 
Here's the radio ad we ran featuring the Butter Cow Lady in '07 thefix benpolitico kateah 
RIP Butter-Cow Lady. Her endorsement (in the form of a Butter Obama statue) was a big moment in the campaign nyti.ms/iTutp0 via kateah 
Back at Inbox Zero. Suck it, brianbeutler 
brianbeutler Damn you. The Twitter notification of you mentioning me was the first email to obliterate my Inbox Zero utopia. 
For maybe the second time in my life, I've achieved Inbox Zero.  agolis chrislhayes 
RT AnnieLowrey Amazing photo of flood of protesters in Sana'a, Yemen. bbc.in/ifUB5O 
Just met an old guy in my blding w Sox hat. Asked: "You from Boston?" Answered: "No, I'm a Brooklyn Dodgers fan  I HATE the f*ing Yankees" 
Ron Artest changing his name to World Peace is like Gandhi changing his name to Global Dominator 
JWillegers will be a federal case... i assume Boston since most murders took place there 
So good: "Really? Well, I don't think Howie Carr has the stones to confront any man and say what he prints to their face." bit.ly/mTxNDn 
Maybe my favorite 60 Minutes intvw ever // Henchman Tells Of Whitey's Black Deeds 
Prediction: Obama will win Massachusetts in 2012. 
Sigh, NYers... RT teddygoff People I have never or only vaguely heard of whose arrest my entire Twitter feed pauses to remark on: Bulger 
This song will be huge over the next 24 hrs // YouTube - I'm Shipping Up To Boston - Dropkick Murphys  
I know it's late, but why isn't Twitter going nuts over the Whitey Bulger arrest? This is the biggest crime news, other than OBL, in years 
Obama got Whitey! (No, that's not a Drudge Report headline): 
jodikantor benpolitico nickbilton fromedome nope but the gigantic Sunset Park pool is one of NYC's best kept secrets (till now?) 
Oh man +1 RT nickbilton This looks amazing. RT fromedome: The NYC floating pool Kickstarter has reached its goal. kck.st/incsr5 
China's Anthony Weiner 
I'm a sucker for stuff like this // Nick Kristof finds Obama shirts popular in southern Niger 
jaketapper JRubinBlogger benpolitico only reasonable solution i can think of is 2 go w/Facebook comments. I bet 99 of cranks wld go away 
chrislhayes i actually have to admit i lol'd at that one 
I feel bad for benpolitico. The comments on any one of his blog posts are arguably the worst on the entire internet 
Does anyone else find it mildly offputting that ObamaBoehner are discussing how to help jobless Americans on a *golf course* of all places? 
Cable news is like poison to the soul. I. Do. Not. Give. A. Crap. About. Obama's. Or. Boehner's. Golf. Handicap. 
This list is an utter fail for not including Tony Lukas's Common Ground // The Guardian's 100 greatest nonfiction books 
If this is true, life is beautiful 
I mean, young Bostonians have no clue what it's like to suffer year after year  actually seriously ponder whether we were cursed as a city. 
A small part of me (a very small part) feels like Boston's character has been diminished by its utter dominance in all four major sports. 
Stay Soft, Dirk Nowitzki 
longformorg Readability thanks for adding this awesome new feature. will the articles be compiled in a digest or posted indlly to kindle? 
The Most Interesting Trailer in the World 
Has any professional athlete in any sport ever been so Janus-faced as Luongo at home vs Luongo away? 
Just posted on nybooks blog - a never-before-published interview with David Foster Wallace via sashagila 
Anthony Weiner must be thinking to himself: "At least I'm not LeBron James." 
Obit of Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor. Must read for the part about kidnapping a German officer and connecting over Horace: 
Dear newyorker please make this amazing profile of Patrick Leigh Fermor, who just passed away, free for a couple weeks 
When I met Fermor, I asked him: "Have you ever gotten bored in your life." He replied "Not really." gcaw 
Sad news: the world's greatest travel writer, Patrick Leigh Fermor, has passed away. I had the incredible privilege of meeting him last year 
mgalevski i just RT'd your message. thanks for letting me know. 
Maybe the best Facebook ad ever. Optimized for me (I love Freaks and Geeks + bball) and v hard to not engage with 
The slow-mo wife hug at 1:15 in this T-Paw video is hilarious - like a giant middle finger to cheating pols like Newt 
Eminent sensibleness from Hertzberg on Weiner 
irincarmon I dunno, I'm actually sorta impressed that he hasn't imploded. Yet... 
Will someone publish a list of every reporter at this presser? They need to be publicly shamed online for asking such dumb questions. 
AriMelber except for the part at the very beginning where he called the photo a "joke" 
I think more shameful for media mob RT AriBerman This press conference is a low point for weiner and the scandal-obsessed media mob 
Who is this IDIOT reporter screaming at Weiner to specifically apologize to Breitbart?  
How awesome would it be if Rick Astley hijacked the Weiner presser next? 
razvigor I would say less than 1 
Wow, now that USCellular paid for Promoted "Who to Follow" status, I'm definitely following them! Not.  
sarm34 they should have painted the bear red, white, and blue 
Palin's kickoff video: purchased b-roll, psuedo-FNL music, lens flares. CLASSIC trite political video formula. 
Speaking of Lebowski, when I was insanely stressed during O campaign, chrislhayes gave me best advice ever: "Nothing is f*cked here dude" 
Just found out that my mom went to college with the guy who The Dude is based on in Big Lebowski. Apparently they still call him The Dude. 
If you're not reading The Forward, you should be. No other American paper covers Israel and Jewish politics better. 
I Know Why the Aged Curd Stinks  
Common Fence  
Adobe courtneybrigham thank you! 
Kartemquin went to a screening in Manhattan. Eddie was an awesome character, as was Ameena (sp?) 
Looks like MattOrtega just burned up the Internet, as well as Pawlenty's presidential hopes: 
Just saw The Interrupters, new film by Steve James and Alex Kotlowitz. V good but doesn't hold a candle to Hoop Dreams. 
Dylan even had a song called "Tweeter and the Monkey Man" dom  
dom  
Absolutely Tweet Marie  
I'm in RT MelissaRyan samgf We should start a draft Bob campaign.  
badler ah, the grievances of an actual Park Slope lifer 
If Bob Dylan were on Twitter, would it be amazing, tragic, or both? 
Thanks it was great to be there! RT NCWIT outofthebox1 samgf was really inspiring, wasn't he? 
Looking forward to speaking at  this morning 
'Frontline': The Best News Program on Television 
Crowdsourcing Helps Holocaust Survivors Find Answers 
Bradley Manning's Facebook Page 
dominiccampbell yes it's appalling 
I'm still bitter that Netanyahu shamelessly copied Obama's website to get elected: 
Here's an example where experts are better than the wisdom of the crowds. Look how intensively they test these fridges! 
Check out whitehouse's open questions on  with the brilliant Ben Rhodes now: 
OK I can retire at 30 - I made Playbook: 
kombiz huh. much smaller bounce than i would've expected. i bet the jon stewart video will help him get over 700k by end of the wk 
Anyone know how many followers Common had a couple weeks ago? 
Doc Rivers said...if he could go back he would have waited until the end of the season to make the [Perk] trade 
Christmas in May for Fox News // Pitzer College in California Adds Major in Secularism - NYTimes.com 
Will Donald Trump release his long form porn collection? 
benpolitico haha yes i considered putting a  tag with the tweet 
I won't believe that Osama looked at porn until the government releases all of the photos/videos to the public. 
aravosis lol 
Most tautological headline ever? Politico: "Clyburn's past informs present views" 
Advice from bsdwire - Facebook Optimization: Whats the Best Way to Increase Email Signups? 
The only person more morally reprehensible than these oil barons is Common. 
I blame Common for EVERYTHING. 
Genius subject line from huffposthill: "Much-Needed White Guy Enters 2012 GOP Primary" 
Man, I hate the Miami Heat. The only thing more offensive to me is Common's lyrics. 
The possibilities of this thing are endless. Like chat roulette for Google Maps. Kinda wanna go to next place I land on 
Genius. This just won the Internet for me today: 
jcheiffetz I love the Ralph Ellison one 
Of all possible look-a-likes in the world, I get Levi RT hollybdc: Wow. RT GOP12: Levi Johnston's book cover revealed 
My fianc sashagila's excellent review of David Bezmozgis's new novel "The Free World" 
Wanna work on the Obama re-election campaign? 
What's funny about the Common "flap" is that I can't think of a *less* controversial MC. Can u imagine such "standards" for any rock artist? 
Wes Yang is one of America's finest writers. Like David Grann, everything he writes is damn good. 
Again, a GOPer (Gingrich) announces in advance to the mainstream media that he's "launching" on Facebook and Twitter. When will they learn? 
My friend Kevin Hartnett in The Millions- He Was Water: Kenyon Grads Remembr David Foster Wallaces Commencement Speech 
Not sure why notifying ppl of a major event is an email no-no matthewstoller AriRabinHavt ttagaris ... It's not an everyday tv appearance 
badler this was in response to Obama saying both Chappelle's and Mad Men are "one of the greatest shows of all time" - disagree re Mad Men 
Mad Men is fine, but nowhere near in same league as Chappelle's Show. I don't think Mad Men will stand the test of time. 
Btw nealbrennan, I srsly think Chappelle's Show is up there w Huck Finn and The Wire as greatest commentary ever on race and America. 
Whoa. nealbrennan - co creator of the greatest show ever made - just followed me. Watch his vid about meeting Obama 
My mom is both my hero, and an actual hero. 
+1 RT sarahcuda really happy to share the stage with samgf AnandWrites  JaredCohen today. innovation from all different perspectives. 
Video of Osama watching himself on TV makes me wonder if he had (and obsessively checked) a Google Alert on himself 
This could make FB more addictive RT facebook Check out the new, easier way to tag your friends in Facebook posts 
Just drove past the childhood home of my athletic hero, Hakeem Olajuwon, in Lagos 
C__Petersen it is shockingly good. Make it your next read! 
My New Public Radio Name - Treat Rao-Hwang - 
Still having trouble understanding... OBL was obv v smart to evade capture for so long; so why so dumb as to store tons of info in his lair? 
Very far from a genius  RT sidney_kvell samgf :ur speech was motivating,creative,inspiring,i must confess u r a genius. 
Thx! RT DamiOyedele samgf made me realise more deeply that people,not things, are at the heart of any successful...movement or innovation. 
Changed my life RT agolis Golis Email Management alums include not just chrislhayes, but also samgf. IM me and I'll walk you through. 
At the  with sarahcuda, anandwrites, and jaredcohen. To all of my new Nigerian followers, thanks for the kind words! 
To all of my new Nigerian friends, thanks for all of the kind words! 
War Dog - easily the slideshow of the year 
Glad you're back THE_REAL_SHAQ - they should play this song when you come out tomorrow and chant "Return of the SHAQ" 
nikhilchawla ha no i sincerely doubt that 
Dope animation by frankelfrankel, Obama campaign video team alum 
Does theatlantic mind that he's hawking his for-profit newsletter on thr site? Thn agn, plenty of writers do that w thr books bit.ly/ju3tab 
Wtf? RT chucktodd Multiple senators are now worried a photo they were shown of OBL by a cmte staffer was a hoax. 
AriBerman Scott Brown, for one (and he is against releasing them). Good question about others. 
Will GOPers who have seen the OBL photo loudly denounce conspiracists, and not string them along for pol gain like they did w birther stuff? 
The anatomy of a viral tweet. Fascinating for new media geeks; probably incredibly boring for everyone else: 
This campaign commercial seems to have been created with the sole intent of going viral through mockery. Decent strat? 
The Dalai Lama suggests bin Laden killing is ok; Looks ridiculous in USC hat 
Nice little NYT write-up on friendfactor - a great organization I've had the privilege to help out (a little) 
wowza RT brianstelter HUGE audience for Obama's late-night announcement about bin Laden's killing. 56 million in the United States. 
Joshua_holland1 the highest kind of compliment 
Oh wait, apparently they loved Pepsi *and* Coke  
Least welcome endorsement ever RT HowardKurtz Bin Laden Loved Pepsi..Local shopkeepers say he ordered in bulk. 
Great NYT Mag blog post on the evolution of a cover 
Frontline's martinsmith28 interviews Steve Coll: "Zawahiri's record suggests he will struggle" 
Thanks for permanently undermining my sense of masculinity thedailybeast! Navy Seals slideshow: 
One nation 
This was my favorite viral meme during the campaign. Rings truer than ever today 
Correcting early tweet: only chants at Mets game... No doubt they'd have done same at Fenway, Wrigley, everywhere else. Still, wrong info. 
KatrinaNation fair enough. Sober analysis always needed. But still, hard not to feel, as individuals, overpowered by emotion right now 
Kevin_Goldstein doh! Thx. Well they were chanting like crazy at Mets game. Sorry for extrapolation... 
bustipsover sure. He will win by the largest margin in electoral history 
Sober analysis tomorrow. Today: USA! USA! 
Some smart political operative should register the URL dudewhokilledbinladenforcongress.com asap 
Baseball stadiums across America breaking out into "USA, USA" chants 
lol RT Joshua_holland1 Great writing in the NYT: "At a recent Tea Party rally..supporters flocked 2 him lk sea gulls 2 a crust of baguette" 
PPMikeW Yankees S-- ... eh, I won't bother 
This = my definition of heaven RT susanorlean On my way to the Narrative Nonfiction Conference at BU, which will include a Red Sox game. 
The rospars and michaelslaby news is a big deal.  
The rospars and michaelslaby hires are arguably the most important hires after Messina. New media raised 2/3 of the cash in '08. 
jeremybird indeed. the best in the biz. 
I'm biased, but I have to say, this is good news for America RT marcambinder Obama campaign hires: Joe Rospars [and] Michael Slaby 
The Twitter dilemma: Torn between bald, careerist self-promotion instinct and paralyzing terror of being called out for a  
Nice to meet you in Delhi unmarketing and get some sleep tonight! 
Ha I didnt quite know how to answer that RT nkharoo best question of day... was "i have only 5 followers on twitter so how do i get more?" 
thx v much! RT prernakaul samgf was mind boggling...Those who did nt chose his masterclass missed out on a real world digital practitioner 
palinn Thank you! 
Thanks! RT Praval Amazing insights from samgf on the Obama's election campaign. Totally worth waiting for! Hats off to him   
I like this meme RT ishaantharoor start by adding  hashtag to everything you tweet. 
Hah RT lauram0y Maybe he just gets paid to sit in the airport, pretending to talk on his phone about how reasonable it is to be a birther. 
Chuck, what it is, is a sad day in journalism history. RT chucktodd: What a sad day in American political history. 
seriously tempted to publicly question this birther's patriotism in front of the whole aiport. and we're in *chicago* for goodness sake!! 
Guy at airport next to me on his cell: "Well MY birth certificate don't look like that. Anyone can use Adobe these days. Liars." REALLY? 
New poll... True or false: George Washington was born in America. Tweet your answers! Maybe we can get CNN to do a story on this. 
Breaking: Galileo vindicated. Earth orbits around sun! RT cnnbrk CNN: Obama  claims have no merit 
ttagaris thx for the tip. def using it in the future. 
Tempted to tweet negative things about unitedairlines for the rest of my life in retribution for that experience. 
Most infuriating experience OF ENTIRE LIFE: dealing with unitedairlines impossible-to-exit-and-get-a-real-agent automated booking service 
Yikes-I'd even b ashamed to bring that to the Park Slope food coop RT wesyang An insult to new New Yorker subscribers: 
Wow RT TheByliner Jon Krakauer's  is now the  Bestseller in Nonfiction Amazon: 
Oy // The Obama Internet guru who wasn't 
lauraolin next phase: Danish Modern Fetishism. Trust me 
Any GOPer who does not denounce Birtherism is morally repugnant// 47 of Republicans say Obama born in another country 
Want: Norman Mailer's Brooklyn apt 
Kristof semi-defending (or holding out hope for) Mortensen. Isn't the obv move for Mort to resign but CAI 2 continue? 
peterrothberg  -- still, it's gonna be a great series. i have a feeling knicks will take the next two 
This is the most heartwarming thing I've read in months and makes me miss the hell out of Perk 
Tell ol Pharaoh, let my people go. 
Krakauer's takedown of Greg Mortensen available here for free. Haven't read yet but seems likely to be riveting... 
The panel I was on in Italy:... 
Chilling with beppesevergnini at  at Birraio in   
chrislhayes that's the best and only reason to follow sports. Redemptive suffering. 
Just finished panel at  in  Realizing that Italy is more primed than any Euro country for an Obama-style candidacy. 
Arrived at journalismfest in Perugia... Looking fwd to speaking on panel with Mlsif. Pls send recs for Umbria area if you have em 
The NewYorker's "Fans Only" Franzen article on D. Foster Wallace is a *brilliant* new media maneuver. I bet they double their fans on it. 
Hardcore RT jeremybird Yes thats OFA_NC's WilliamRinehart at the top of the organizer leader board. 14 1-on-1s scheduled yesterday alone 
susannahvila  
RIP Flip cam. Cisco should've made a Flip phone, focusing on creating the best HD camera phone out there. Would've been a market for that... 
MannyLandron Thanks Manny! Hmm... an X-istential? 
If David Foster Wallace was alive for this... RT zimbalist Amazon To Sell Ad-Supported Kindle For $25 Discount 
A better slogan for the Winklevi for President campaign:  
Now that they have nothing left to lose, the Winklevi should run for President.  
ZerlinaMaxwell reminds me of the McCain campaign flap over the "real Virginia" 
If you really believed in America, you probably wouldn't be imploring Americans to "believe in America."  
saramead i mean, NYC has way more stops, but DC is infinitely cleaner, faster, and has wait time displays at every station. 
Atlanta's subway system (MARTA) is shockingly good. Only better system I've experienced is DC. 
christyintx Thanks, and thanks for the important work you're doing! 
MikeElk That's my home town. But it's "Jamaica Plain" not "Plains." Common mistake... 
I have never not regretted reaching for the Internet instead of a book when I have an hour or two to kill at the airport. 
I didn't realize Obama rocked the Maxwell House Haggadah 
Me on Serbian TV! This station, during the Milosevic era, was the most important dissenting media outlet... 
jovanoviczmaja thx! what project are you working on? 
MattOrtega chrislhayes ariberman peterrothberg they're all mind-blowing and depressingly harsh reminders of our mere mortality 
How sick is this drop-kick dunk chrislhayes ariberman peterrothberg 
Here in Belgrade, I'm seeing posters for a Pro-Qaddafi protest tomorrow. Not many ppl are expected, but still, wow. 
jcasperr i (think) i said something like: a community organizer is someone who understands the power of ordinary people acting together 
dusanpetrov i think there will be a video online... 
csik thanks man! i hope i spelled hvala right? :) 
Wow thx man RT petarpetrovic Absolutely AMAZING keynote by samgf at  One of the best keynotes in my whole life. Seriously. 
Best compliment I ever got in my pub speaking career: RT oooLejla He has gret shoes, not kidding! Fashionable guy samgf  shareconference 
Speaking tomorrow at shareconference 
Elena2020 cool look forward to seeing you there! 
Need a change.org petition! RT AriBerman RT AriMelber Progressive media conspiracy, EXPOSED. RT daveweigel Draft AriBerman for DNC chair 
AriMelber Ha- tho it's kinda shocking how few journalists understand the power of Facebook to connect w readers... Maybe this will help? 
Facebook launches a hub for journalists: facebook.com/journalist 
Christmas in April. longformorg helpfully compiles the 2011 National Magazine Award nominated articles 
LETS FREAKING GO BUTLER. FINALLY A BASKET.  
I'm quoted in the Politico: If ur..at a bus stop, u cld contact five voters while ur hanging around doing nothing. 
I'll be in Italy for this next wk. Tweet me if ull be thr RT journalismfest sam graham-felsen  Journalism Festival 
Agree w lauraolin - the Obama blog is phenomenally well-designed. Also love the tweet integration 
Heading to SHARE Conference in Belgrade this week. Looks pretty dope: 
PatrickRuffini fair enough - altho it seemed like the TPaw leak was a part of the overall strategy; while this seems like freelancing, no? 
kombiz I'd say yes 
barlowkm chrislhayes better asterisks than SCREAMING CAPITALS. 
samgf not implying Hocking is illegit (havent read her stuff) -but will previously published "serious" writers begin to follower her model? 
Now that Amanda Hocking is making millions on her Kindle books, will legit authors wake up and start self-publishing? 
When will David Grann be mentioned alongside Talese, Capote, Didion, McPhee, etc as a towering figure in literary nonfiction? nyr.kr/fOi0N7 
Classic RT Humblebrag RT RebeccaSkloot After 6 book signings in 3 days I officially have booksigningitis...2day couldn't move right arm! 
ROFL. T-Paw on why teh youthz will vote for him: "We really understand the new era of communications" 
Goal in life: to write something 1/10 as good as what David Grann cranks out every time. Dude is a master 
Jimmer Fredette's Wikipedia entry was obviously edited by his brother TJ, an aspiring rapper. Hilarious: 
"Then, later on Saturday, he called her sober and sane. And on Sunday he termed her a prostitute and a thief." (2/2) 
Orwell could've written this NYT report on Libya: "Mr. Ibrahim initially described her as drunk and potentially delusional." (1/2) 
badler would have been better if he said "you are NOT HUMAN" 
If you haven't already read it... // An Open Letter to the Left on Libya 
YES // "He was the most dominating pitcher of all time in a span of 7 years  the most exciting player I have ever seen" 
oso that grasshopper guacamole in DF was something, i must say 
oso dude, you ever had jamon serrano? very little compares... 
I agree with most of this list - but I'd put Italy at  The best countries for food - Lonely Planet 
Photo: Loving this steez. (via Roseland Greene: Globes) 
Heading to Triangle Shirtwaist Factory Fire 100th anniversary in the village 
Some of my favs: sloth of bears, labor of moles, romp of otters, streak of tigers,parliament of owls,murder of crows 
Calling all vocab nerds - this is INCREDIBLE // Common Questions: What Do You Call a Group of...? 
Hate 2 say it,me 2 RT robcorddry Hey greenpeace ur college-aged thugs pleading to me outside of stores are making me want to kill dolphins 
Looking for an example of a non-profit org with a great blog. Pls tweet me your favorites. 
YES // The best journalism-job want ad ever ever. 
Anything by Janet Malcom is a must-read in my book. Here, she takes on Sarah Palin's Alaska in nybooks 
nomfup cool thank you! 
RIP legendary documentary filmmaker, Ricky Leacock 
I guarantee you will watch through the first 3 minutes of this video. My goodness: 
"Gibson Dunn is the law firm that represented...Bush in Bush v. Gore... Now they're working to get rid of a bike lane." 
Clearing my longformorg cache. Two of the best pieces I've read in months and 
More thoughts from me on Pawlenty's launch on benpolitico's blog: 
vermontgmg congrats! 
Pawlenty: it's not a "social media launch" if ur advisers leak it to press hrs ahead of time. Cant have ur grassroots cake and eat it too. 
It's always annoying to see religious/cultural symbols used as political props; as a Jew, it really irks me to see Palin w a Star of David 
Smart. Assignments w short word limits always make me work a lot harder at writing // Teaching to the Text Message 
Props to Obama and macon44's team for doing this each year. V important stuff. // Obama's Nowruz Message 
Just discovered lawrence_wright on Twitter. He doesn't tweet much, but deserves far more followers. 
This from Qaddafi made me shudder: We will find you in your closets. We will have no mercy and no pity. 
"Arab Spring is not nec over, but it has run up against dictators willing to use lethal force to preserve their power" 
lauraolin I'm saying. None of this stuff would've stood in the G Funk Era. 
Am I getting old, or were things better in the G Funk Era? 
Pew survey: 53 of adults went online to take part in specific campaign-related activities 
Man. RT jilliancyork "Heres the Last-Known Picture of Two Missing Times Journalists -- Daily Intel" ( ) 
bustipsover if any "news" channel could pull it of? def fox... 
Noahkgreen haha 
Had a crazy thought. If FoxNews became a pay channel wld they make zillions or lose all influence? Any Fox viewers follow me+wanna weigh in? 
Alright - at this point, about 50/50 say they will pay vs will not pay for the NYT. Not much ambivalence on either side. 
lauraolin but frank rich left! :) 
My hope: getting ppl to pay for good content will make them see value and thus read more good content. My fear: they'll read more free crap. 
Agree. Also Libya, Egypt. RT brianstelter RT MickiMaynard: The nytimes coverage of Japan alone is worth a digital subscription. 
brianstelter i'm glad -- and fascinated to see how this will actually play out. doesn't that make it ultra-easy to get around the paywall? 
benpolitico yeah i have not gotten over feeling incredible awkward (and cautious) about reading my ipad on the MTA 
Nice! RT rar624 Interesting. cc: samgf MT nytjim: Critical point for Twitter: Access from soc media not be blocked 
chrislhayes what about the New York Review of Books? can't imagine you prefer reading that on a screen... 
chrislhayes i loathe paper in every case but the Times. hate paper receipts, bills, etc - but love newspaper, ink on fingers and all. 
benpolitico best thing about print sub is the flipping process actually gets you to read stuff you'd never, ever click on online 
chrislhayes I want to love the Times ipad app, but I find it totally pales in comparison to reading the print edition 
One of my fav activities used to b reading the NYT in print, saying "wow" and tweeting/fb'ing articles to friends. Kinda sad I cant anymore 
Interesting - the Times bought a paid twitter hashtag to share the news of the upcoming paywall. 
So far most people who've responded to my "will you pay for the NY Times" question say yes - and want it in print. What about you? 
michelleinbklyn i find print an infinitely more satisfying experience. maybe the paywall will actually spark a new back-to-print movement? 
GeorgeZornick me neither. my hunch is most people won't. 
mcgregormt def get the print. it's such a great experience to wake up and get the times from my mailbox on the weekend. 
Poll: which of you are going to pay for the Times? Pls tweet your answers - I'm curious. (FYI I'm a print subscriber so I get website free) 
LOL. The NYTimes makes Canada the guinea pig for their paywall experiment. Poor Canada. 
Agree RT ProPublica David Remnick of NewYorker: Language is still the greatest invention we have  
For those not at SXSW, here's the Long-Form panel livestream with Ira Glass, Frontline's Raney Aronson, Remnick, etc 
Truly sad to be missing  at SXSW. The first time a panel description actually made me want to hop on a plane and go to a conference. 
Help the four NYT reporters missing in Libya. Please donate to the Committee to Protect Journalists 
susannahvila nah im just here for the chinese food 
chrislhayes also the very first words: "Past the flannel plains and blacktop graphs and skylines of canted rust" - gorgeous 
Blown away by this. // Exclusive: The First Lines of David Foster Wallaces The Pale King chrislhayes 
Chinese dinner with dom in Lagos (great guy!). We got serenaded by a young upcoming Nigerian hip-hop star. 
Currently in Lagos, Nigeria. Will speak at a conference on youth marketing with Twitter co-creator Dom Segolla and others. 
If they have, I'd say it's a BFD RT NiemanLab So, um...has Facebook patented social search? 
"Nathan HotDogg won't be missed" -- Alan Simpson 
Thessaly did he actually get beaten by those teens? I felt bad for him. 
If this is real, it's the most endearing thing I've ever seen 
Very cool // SXSW + FRONTLINE - Envisioning the Future of Storytelling 
Nate Dogg cried out "REGULATORS!" but the government didn't listen. Look what happened to the financial sector. 
Longing for the halcyon days of G Funk Era 
Only two words need to be written in every Nate Dogg obit: "He regulated." 
EbenMarks nice! 
Remember the Triangle Shirtwaste Fire Of 1911 
Ira Glass: I Don't Understand Why NPR Is Not Fighting Back (AUDIO)  TPMDC 
This may be the single best piece of multimedia content I've ever seen from the New York Times 
BrunoHoffmann I'm not an expert on it, but it seems like a terribly outdated policy and I'm glad Obama's making progress turning it around 
This is insane - I'm surprised it's not a much bigger story 
FB strengthens our weak ties but fails to make our close friendships deeper. If Google Circles can do this, FB may actually be in trouble. 
Actually very interested to see about this Google Circles thing. My hope is that it's a user-friendly upgrade of Google Groups. 
"The only time it's good to yell out 'I have diarrhea' is when you're playing scrabble." 
Sax Bomb 
The Wire should be mandatory viewing for every incoming college freshman. 
chrislhayes btw, I just started reading "Clockers" by The Wire's Richard Price. Amazing book on the largely ignored other America. 
Not to make light of David Simon's powerful statement, but one wonders when Alan Simpson will weigh in on Snoopy Snoopy Poop Dogg's arrest. 
This David Simon statement is incredibly powerful. 
"the..industry as a whole does not offer a great many roles for those who can portray people from the other America" 
chrislhayes he only averages 14 a game. He def has a lucrative future with the And1 tour ahead of him tho... 
chrislhayes the greatest dunker of ALL time. This kid is the beautiful dream I had til I woke up and remembered I will never dunk. 
This is utterly mindblowing chrislhayes ariberman peterrothberg 
If you believe in a better Internet -- and quality content -- it seems like a moral duty pay for Readability 
estebanuribe Thanks Esteban. It was great meeting you! 
Phil Jackson: boldly doing his part in the movement to stifle genuine emotion among the world's males 
"Snoopy Snoopy Poop Dog" - Is this a Dave Chappelle skit or real life? 
2,000 followers!  
gcaw every single round was a tie? That leads me to the disturbing conclusion that you are a cyborg 
Can you beat the robot at Rock-Paper-Scissors? Weirdly I was better against the veteran robot. 
Rarely does one TV segment feature two of my heroes at the same time. Shaq And Biggie 
Incredible video 
Awesome work davidcorndc Mother Jones web traffic up 400+ percent, partly thanks to explainers 
A word to the politically wise: do not cross aravosis 
Irans State of Fear by Haleh Esfandiari  NYRBlog  The New York Review of Books 
Re the new iPad, I'm by far most pwned by how dope the cover is: http://www.apple.com/ipad/ 
Nice little write-up of my visit to Penn... 
This seems like a trite point, but it bears repeating. The point of tech shouldn't be to make things easier, but to make life richer. 
The Facebook "Like" button now matters a whole lot more 
Staten Island's finest hour. 
Good night for Mark Zuckerberg... 
"I have a feeling my career just peaked." Best line of the night, from Colin Firth. 
Why did the A Sullivan news come out during Oscars? Made sense for HuffPo to bury AOL news during Super Bowl, but what's the rationale here? 
Boom! Finally an important statement (always comes from the doc filmmakers).  
Wonderful James Wood review of Teju Cole's Open City" - now next on my reading list 
peterrothberg AriBerman Nuts. I don't understand it at all. Perk was huge for us. 
Just finished The Imperfectionists, rec'd by ariberman about the rise and fall of a newspaper. I highly recommend - wonderful characters. 
Taking mad pride in / the Amtrak I'm riding / repping coach class / like my name is Joe Biden 
richmintz best book store on earth... I love the single window seat near the philosophy section 
Conspiracy-mongering is the last refuge of scoundrels. 
Revolution U - What Egypt Learned from the Students Who Overthrew Milosevic 
mcgregormt fair enough - im still mildly surprised at how few people seem interested in hearing the teachers' side of things... 
Did rweingarten just join Twitter? Kind of crazy that the most important figure in education has less that 500 followers. elizabeth_green 
"Brooklyn is repulsive with novelists, it's cancerous with novelists" 
Ha RT NickKristof  royal family has started a campaign to have me fired for my reports from here. 
Intense must-watch video from NickKristof on brutality in Bahrain 
Imagine an Apple version of this w a touch screen. An iPhone/iPad/MacbookAir all in one... 
BobBrigham Good point! 
English subtitled version of viral Morocco protest video is up:  
I hope mmfa does a study on airtime given to Bahrain,Libya etc. Media needs to be held accountable if they decide this stuff isn't "newsy" 
OK richmintz and  hashtag have convinced me to get the bike out of the basement, pump up the tires, and hit Prospect Park 
Pretty much the best response to a Twitter gaffe possible. Just saying "We're human" is almost always enough: 
Nice country by country breakdown of Mid East protests from BBC 
Has anyone seen an English translation of this Morocco call to protest video?  
Just saw Herzog's amazing "Cave of Forgotten Dreams." Makes sense that earliest known paintings made in caves, not above ground. Subversive! 
irincarmon sethdmichaels Thx guys! 
Pro Publica sells nearly 2000 copies of a 13,000 word Kindle Single. Augurs well for future of long-form journalism 
Editor of The Daily tells writers "Folks, Egypt is over." Yes, because after Mubarak fell, Egypt literally disappeared. 
Reading "A Separate Peace" by John Knowles. Phenomenal book about high school during WWII. What are other must-read books about high school? 
RT CrowdVoice Video footage and photos of the protests in Bahrain today  
benpolitico How long before Beck does a multi-hour documentary on Gene Sharp? 
From MLK to Serbian Otpur to Egypt, history is very much alive in movement-building. The global activism wiki: 
Excellent vid about youth movement in Egypt / V interesting to see how training came from Serbian "Otpur" leader 
Thx Matt! RT mcgregormt This analysis of role of new media in egypt by samgf is v v interesting and sounds right too 
Thx! RT chrishughes Great piece by my friend samgf explaining the Egyptian revolution in terms of "cyber-pragmatism" 
...large anti-Berlusconi demonstrations scheduled for Sunday 
irincarmon gabrielsherman Take Back America was supposed to be the left's CPAC... not sure how big it is anymore 
In Yemen, they gathered in front of the Egyptian Embassy chanting, Wake up rulers, Mubarak fell today. 
Iranian opposition march planned for Monday // "It has restarted the wave," 30-yr-old woman who supports oppostn said 
What a week. Retiring into shabbat. I leave you with this: 
rar624 Thanks Rich! 
jakebrewer Shaq sings Cheers song at the actual Cheers in Boston 
Obama: "We saw a new gen emerge..that uses thr own creativitytalenttechnology to call for a gov that reps hopesnot fears" bit.ly/fnGf6j 
wyskida congrats! 
Another grt piece on wired youth mvmnt // Anatomy of a revolution: Meet the young Egyptian activists who started it all 
This kind of thing will be huge for future of journalism // Andy Carvin and the ad hoc pledge drive 
Obama: "In Egypt the moral force of nonviolence bent the arc of history towards justice once more." 
jenny8lee I responded to him and Frank Rich in piece for thenation today: 
peterrothberg Thx Peter. Btw hideous loss for the C's last night. Pathetic. 
"O campaign..a more recent exmpl of how the seemingly unexpectedthe election of Barack Hussein Obama...cld become a reality" bit.ly/euIvPk 
Thx bro! RT oso A note of sanity from samgf among all the senseless screaming about the impact of tech in Egypt: 
Here's daliaziada's Arabic MLK comic book (mentioned in my Nation article 
Follow Friday: daliaziada one of the core activists who was mentioned in my Nation piece: 
Thanks! RT nybooks What brought down Mubarak? Credit the cyber-pragmatism of the protesters, says samgf: 
My latest piece in thenation - How Cyber-Pragmatism Brought Down Mubarak: 
Sigh. // As Egypt protests intensify, news coverage begins to wane 
The level of sophistication among youth organizers in Egypt is astounding 
nightreader2010 Hi! 
Wow. 
Indigenous Brazilians fight Amazon dam project (big photo gallery) - Boing Boing 
Repeat After Me: Pakistan Is Not Egypt 
A bipartisan solution: Obama should name Chris Lee the spokesman for the Presidential Fitness Challenge. 
"...young Egyptians there look like characters from Paris, 1968 or Prague 1989, and not from some fantasy of Islamism." 
"Donald Rumsfeld will visit the National Constitution Center Wednesday night, though he may try to deny it afterward." 
RT Poynter How Gawker's redesign is trying to subvert the scannable Internet culture it helped create 
"This is the revolution of the youth of the Internet, which then became the revolution of the youth of Egypt." 
"the regime may have just created an undisputed leader for a movement that in recent days has struggled to find its footing" bit.ly/fYWUrG 
Re the new Gawker: really interesting to watch how web content is being redesigned to mimic the experience of reading print. 
Breaking: AOL buys the Black Eyed Peas for $3.15 
I am definitely going into the blog business now. If Arianna can make 315mil, I'm hoping I can make at least 1/315th that... 
Damnnn RT carr2n AOL to buy HuffPo for $315M per NYT Arianna to head all edit -- news, Mapquest, Moviefone... 
In the wake of the Madoff scandal, it's time for the New York Mets to go the way of the Packers - owned by the public. rospars 
Wouldn't it be sweet if instead of airing some lame sitcom after the Super Bowl, there was a marquee NBA matchup? 
Worst day of Glenn Beck's life: a socialist team wins and the best ad features a socialist artist (Diego Rivera in Eminem/Chrysler ad) 
Breaking: Brett Favre to Join the Black Eyed Peas 
Fergie just bought Kenneth Cole shoes on Groupon. 
How long before Glenn Beck denounces Eminem as a communist for appearing in an ad alongside a Diego Rivera mural? 
Btw Eminem's brilliant Chrystler ad does not make up for his terrible Lipton ice tea ad 
Chrystler's Eminem Detroit ad just pwned the living daylights out of every other Superbowl ad. Congrats to whoever made it. 
That sound you just heard at half-time? The dying cries of a bald eagle. 
Thanks a lot Black Eyed Peas. We just lost the future. 
Beet_TV many thx! 
Friends who know about cameras: which is best among CanonS95, NikonP7000, and LumixLX5 for shooting video and getting good audio? 
Beet_TV do you have any advice on the best digital camera for video journalism purposes? Compact is ideal... 
Something I just learned researching history of nonviolence: Leo Tolstoy's last letter was to Gandhi. 
Spotted in Egypt: Protester holding "Thank you Gladwell" sign 
RT NiemanLab: Al Jazeera's head of social media: "Almost 50 of traffic to our livestream is coming from the US." 
Whoa-those 2 are who I most associate w NYTmag RT romenesko Randy Cohen and Deborah Solomon are out at NYT Magazine. 
Must read from attackerman on dirty tricks in the Facebook organizing world  
Yemen: Pro and anti-government protesters face off 
Egyptian activist just told me an important oppo figure said: "The youth have done what we've been trying to do for 60 years in 7 days" 
Schell ringing very true today: "But then suddenly a tremor runs through the entire edifice." 
Watching protests on Al Jaz. Reminds me of MLK: "I'm not fearing any man."  
peterrothberg good piece but the author's name is even better 
A young Egyptian activist I spoke to said each core web-connected organizer promised to bring 10 non-connected ppl into protests  
Too many ppl make a distinction btwn activists and journalists. But journos getting beatenjailed are activists for truth, not on sidelines 
Just as MyBO helped people realize they weren't alone/crazy in thinking a guy named "Barack Obama" could actually beat Hillary (2/2) 
Facebook didn't start the movement, young people did. But FB helped them realize they weren't alone/crazy in their desire for change. (1/2) 
Btw gcaw who was dragged thru the streets in Cairo, was my first editor-sent me to the Philippines for Let's Go. Brave and brilliant dude. 
Oh man RT 1bobcohn Suspected of being Iranian, Atlantic reporter gcaw is dragged through Cairo streets by mob. 
RFK: "This world demands the qualities of youth: not a time of life but a state of mind...the appetite for adventure over the love of ease." 
Powerful Videos From Inside Egypt Movements.org 
Video of insane cavalry charge in Tahrir up on english.aljazeera.net 
Seriously, Read Graeme's report from Egypt: 
RT gcaw New in TheAtlantic, my report from Tahrir: 
When the Mayor of Boston asked MIT for anti-snow flamethrowers (via Chris Royalty) 
Nick Denton on Gawker Redesign: Only Facebook Matters  The New York Observer 
Is anyone else finding it impossible to download daily on their iPad? 
"Nowhere was this more evident than in..Obamas.. campaign, which was hailed as the first great social-media campaign" 
List of Egyptians and journos who are in Egypt right now: http://twitter.com/ 
New York Times Staffers Using Apple iPhone 4 for Video News Gathering, "A Huge Game Changer" Says Paper's Video Chief 
Inspiring stuff. NYRB on how young people saved the Library of Alexandria. 
When the older people saw the younger people go out in the street they started to come out too 
Egypt's Youthquake: At a Nerve Center of the Revolution - TIME 
"I love the Power Glove. It's so baddd" 
mbrownerhamlin in Chile you mean? Dude, he's the MOST INTERESTING man in the world! 
Dos Equis Most Interesting Man in the World : The New Yorker 
[2/2] and affirms that freedom of expression through peaceful means is guaranteed to everybody. 
Addressing the throngs who took to the streets, he declared that the military understood the legitimacy of your demands ... [1/2] 
Video: Kristof's dispatch from Cairo 
Brilliant lolheadline from huffposthill: "Mubarak Bravely Dismisses Puppet Government" 
Must read // What's Happening in Egypt Explained (UPDATED)  Mother Jones 
Al Jaz praising HRC remarks as strongest US statement yet. 
Glued to Al Jaz livestream. Going to get no work done today. If only Joe Lieberman would hit the kill switch on the Internet. 
Egyptian Activists' Action Plan: Translated 
LOL this is genius // Shaq-o-meter: Does season's snowfall measure up to Shaq? - Boston.com 
No Net in Egypt. Not to make light of the situation but imagine if Obama turned off our Internet for a day. We'd get a TON done as a nation. 
MartinSmith28 The question is, will your next documentary be as high-quality as Beck's Soros masterpiece? 
E-Readers in Africa: Non-Profit Brings Thousands of Books to Ghanaian Children 
"It was the young people who took the initiative" - Mohammed ElBaradai 
SusannahVila you're doing important work. 
susannahvila is all over Egypt and Tunisia coverage. Follow her. 
mcgregormt I did... But I always loved Graham-Bell because of his last name :) 
mcgregormt Naturalized American! 
Check out the post-SOTU chat hosted by my man Kal Penn at whitehouse.gov/sotu 
Also, Hollywood, hip-hop, Google, Facebook, the iPhone...  
It's true: we do big things. Cars, airplanes, telephones, computers, the Internet, jazz, baseball, basketball. Not a bad track record. 
Yeah, El Salvador! 
Smoked salmon reference!  
High. Speed. Rail. 
Awesome 1932 night-club map of Harlem: 
Lauryn Hill gets booed at Amateur Night at the Apollo in 1987... then pwns the crowd 
"In previewing his remarks with supporters - instead of reporters - Obama is taking a page from 2008..." 
owillis me too... But I was in the Purple Tunnel! 
Huffpost Hill has become really fun to read. The crossed out lines are genius. 
Resolved: no more contemporary fiction until I read everything by Philip Roth. Everything else pales in comparison. 
ChloDubs he came off so genuinely in the doc... wow. 
chrislhayes I'm shaking. That doc was so inspiring, too. Wow. 
Here's a free link to the must-read TNR piece I referred to in my last tweet 
Oh. My. God. From paywalled TNR piece on Jeff Smith: Artie would totally want us to throw him under the bus here.  
Thessaly I find it entirely impossible not to employ the smiley face. Maybe I should have higher regard for others' irony-detectors 
mbrownerhamlin which part of chile are you in? I was trying to get to Puerto Natales, but thwarted by the strike. 
"I'm so happy that I didn't sneeze." MLK, roaring in peace 
"The q is not, If I stop to help this man in need, what will happen 2 me? The q is, If I do not stop 2 help... what will happen to them?" 
"Nothing wld be more tragic thn 2 stop at this point in Memphis..when we have our march u need 2 b there. If it means leaving work..b there" 
"Something is happening in our world. The masses of people are rising upwherever they are...the cry is always the same: We want to be free" 
MLK's "Mountaintop" is the greatest speech of the 20th century, far more moving and substantive than "I Have Dream" h/t willygray 
Melissa Leo!  
brianstelter the YouTube hits on Obama's race speech destroyed the live coverage hits 
mlcalderone I bet the YouTube numbers, over time, will be even higher 
Props to keendog for his work on the historic and moving remarks from barackobama in Arizona. 
Nice! RT chrishughes: I'm the main guest on the colbertreport tonight to talk about jumoconnect. Check it out at 11:30 Eastern 
mtracey don't forget Marilyn Manson! 
Look for shades of RFK from Obama tomorrow: "[Victims are] most important of all, human beings whom other human beings loved and needed." 
LauraKMM I clearly think there's a difference...I'm just saying making a *direct* link btwn words and violence is slippery slope 
ravenb definitely, but they both influence a TON of ppl... Still I hear your point. 
Not defending Palin, but whoever makes direct link btwn rhetoric and violence shld remember...O'Reilly made the same argument about Ludacris 
brianbeutler more like the rally that revamped inanity 
9mm Glock not suited 4 hunting or personal protection. What its good 4 is killing..a lot of ppl quickly -Paul Helmke, Brady Campaign prez 
Ninure Jaculyn Complicates antisemitism motive theories... 
DavidCornDC has anyone else reported someone saying Loughner's mom is Jewish? That to me is most interesting part of intvw 
BobBrigham ok Im no gun expert but do we rlly need 2 have easy access 2 guns that can kill so many so fast? Is asking that q anti-BOR? 
Shld have said "auto and semi-auto guns." Point is these weapons are killing spree machines, not for hunting or defense agnst home break-ins 
MattOrtega Worth clarifying yes. But a killing spree machine. Not a self defense pistol or a hunting rifle. That's the problem. 
Sorry to moralize but I'm getting tired of tweets about the young girl's 9/11 bdate. The tragedy is that she was murdered - period. 
Violent rhetoric is hideous, but the focus should be on the fact that crazy ppl continue to have easy access to automatic guns in the US 
peterrothberg hahaha 
"There is no other job where you get paid to tell the truth."  
The best travel device=iPod touch: take pix, post 2 tumblr, sendget emails, load instapaper, load maps all at a wifi spot. No need 4 iphone 
maddogza thx i look fwd to reading! 
Has anybody used a Lonely Planet Kindle edition? Do they have the same content as the actual LP guide? Trying to cut back on weight... 
maddogza that's great to hear. will you send me a copy? 
maddogza will do thx! 
irincarmon are there good english lang bookstores in BA where we can get it? 
jgfong word thanks man 
evale72 Thanks man! Did you do Fitz Roy? 
Off to Buenos Aires tomorrow, then Patagonia. What should I see, do, and eat down there? And gcaw what should I read other than Chatwin? 
Huge numbers, big congrats RT agolis Celebrating 6 months of blogging at Yahoo! News: 
I have a fun idea. Let's spend all day grandstanding about who loves the constitution more.  
tru RT badler seltzer is enhanced by a piece of fresh lemon or lime, but it is diminished by being "flavored" in the bottle. 
Dear AmericanAir as a loyal Exec Plat member, I gotta say, you really shouldn't tweet out dry press releases  
agolis  hashtag could probably be applied to every statement ever made. 
I was almost this good at basketball as a kid via jFellyFels 
Never a good idea to tinker with the greatest American novel. Kids should understand satire as early as possible 
I already own a copy but if you don't, I agree with ezraklein - buy one today: 
"He wore number 6 and it was only fitting, as he seemed to possess a sixth sense for the game" 
RT Thessaly samgf And he probably DID get a 4.0 GPA and a 1600 on his SATs! 
More evidence he's not human RT CoryBooker got into Stanford cause of my 4.0  1600...not grades  SATs but 4.0 yds/carry  1600 receiving 
Lack of Jobs in Southern Europe Frustrates the Young - NYTimes.com 
zentronix thanks for tweeting my Washington Post piece. I'm actually reading Can't Stop Won't Stop right now! 
SusannahVila but they would use it if it didnt a) import feeds from your other socnets and b) made it prominent and compellingly simple 
LauraKMM yup i know, im just saying, make it easier, simple and more prominent... 
Re my Google concept. Think of Gmail serving two purposes: private emails and "public emails" - status updates that all ur contacts can see 
steveplace hahaha scary possibilities! 
olingrantparker yes but less invasive (b/c it doesnt pull from other social accounts) and much simpler. think of it as a "public email" 
Idea for Google socnet: just add a "status" box right under the Gmail iconmake those updates public for one's Gmail contacts. Nothing more. 
Showcasing 65 of the Best Website Designs of 2010 via ripleyintheair 
Celtics have outscored opponents by 14.4 pts per 48 mins w/ KG in the game this season..been outscored by 3.6 pts per 48 mins w/o KG 
Just saw 2 homeless folks competing for alms on train: 1 a Vietnam vet, the other an Afghntstn vet. We shld never let our vets go homeless 
Nicki Minaj is insanely talented 
Krugman calling the crappy snow cleanup "Bloomberg's Katrina" is an insult to everyone in NOLA. We may need a new Godwin's Law. irincarmon 
Army of Shadows is back at filmforumNYC. Maybe the best movie I've ever seen. 
My grandiose tech prediction for 2011: more and more people will start to hate the Internet. Disconnecting will be the "next big thing." 
susanorlean I only buy things if they're advertised as "As Seen on the Internet" 
omiramb you should map it on the WNYC website - i bet the mayor's office is paying attention to that 
Glad my street was plowed this morning. Bizarrely, several adjacent streets, including the heavily-trafficked 3rd street, remain unplowed. 
RT BrianLehrer The wnyc newsroom is mapping plowed vs. unplowed streets, and still collecting photos: 
alexismadrigal Got the same message from BritishAirways. Somehow I think they'll see your tweet and start picking up your calls... 
Wow - my block STILL not plowed. Anyone else still snowed in?   
Hey CoryBooker if you come plow my street in Brooklyn, I'll vote for you when you run for President. Bloomberg hasn't done jack. 
Meanwhile, govchristie is on Space Mountain RT CoryBooker I'm on that now. RT FASHIONTOLIVE Why isn't Tiffany blvd plowed? 
Also found: 3 Sprewell rookie cards, dried-up boutonniere from prom, a peeled-off St Ides label  incredibly pretentious Foucualt marginalia 
At home for holidays I found my old Cross Colors shirt from 6th grade: "Without Questions U Get No Answers Or Possible Chance at Knowledge" 
Yes, get as far from Beltway as psbl RT PatrickRuffini I think that Obama running re-elect from Chicago is a smart move. 
joshtpm Instapaper=by far the most useful app. Allows you to actually read something longer than 100 words w/o clicking to something else 
Apple cider sold out across Park Slope. What's a snowed-in man to do without hot spiked cider? 
My grandma: "Isn't Jay-z just marvelous? If I came within two feet of him, I swear I'd faint." 
Chinese food in Long Island with the fam 
RT prone2 "xmas" was created by someone who had the foresight to know that some years down the line we'd have to use 140 char or less 
AriMelber Good luck with that, man! Best way to do it is leave the blackberry at home. Get a burner for emergency calls, Wire-style. 
FranklinLDavis Thanks Franklin! I gave $20. 
Just donated to thisamerlife -- the show has brought me joy all year. 
It'd be cool for BO's library to be in Hawaii, but much more fitting for it to be in the South Side of Chicago: 
Obama's reading Clinton and Reagan bios. Transactional vs transformative governing styles... I'll take the latter 
Bring Back the Rails! by Tony Judt  The New York Review of Books 
Doyles. It's good to be home. 
2nded RT anamariecox youngamerican: The complete The Wire on DVD might be the best $75 you ever spend. 
RT rachel_dry Congress was neither lame nor a duck. What should we call it instead? Discuss. 
AriBerman you are blowing up on the airwaves 
Cool RT macon44 A twist on  PressSec will spend 30mins answering questions on  starting  10am 
RT ThisBowers RT dailykos: HUGE--All returning Democratic Senators support reforming the filibuster 
And props to my mom and other tireless advocates who've been fighting for 9/11 responders -- and all injured workers -- health for years. 
Hooray for the 9/11 first responders. 
chrislhayes daveweigel I guess my dad will soon be working for the "Department of Workforce" rather than the Dept of Labor... 
RT sashagila My QA with Charles Simic on Confessions of a Poet Laureate, an NYRB ebook out Dec 28: 
attackerman watch out for the infinite bread sticks 
RT brianbeutler Drunk Serb Kills Shark With Butt: 
Lol RT mcgregormt Wait. What? A Subway gift voucher? Srsly? 
I'm quoted by benpolitico on how  repeal will impact Millennial support of barackobama 
Just reached Executive Platinum status on American Airlines.   americanair 
RT HariDNC And the troops RT ThePlumLineGS: Major props to Dem leaders, White House, advocates, bloggers in getting DADT repeal done 
RT AdamSerwer There are a lot of young people who voted Obama in 2008 who are going to do so in 2012 because of what happened today. 
epsteinian thx- hopleaf is awesome, others look good too 
bustipsover good call 
JohnnyBardine been meaning to go forever... Will try to check out. Thx! 
Mglo many thx! 
What's the best place to get a drink in Chicago? High and low brow recs welcome. 
Off to Chicago. Billy Goat for breakfast? 
RT nickkroll Anyone: snoop dogg? Snoop: I'll do it. Anyone: but I haven't told u what the product is-- Snoop: shizzle. Anyone: perfect! 
Congrats to nybooks and sashagila for being the "smartest" website in the universe! 
RT HariDNC Good piece on the "large-scale" OFA push on DADT repeal 
I just feel that on the big, controversial fights, where Obama needed them most, he chose to play an inside game  left out grassroots (2/2) 
To be clear OFA vols have done a ton - see AriMelber's epic report  I don't want to minimize their engagement. (1/2) 
My op-ed in today's Washington Post. Would love to hear your thoughts/comments/disagreements/etc 
Nothing simultaneously delights and embitters me more than the Times' "What you can buy for $X" series 
Interesting. Will Google (YouTube) start investing in original content, something, it once seemed, they'd never do? 
Good RT benpolitico Obama meeting 7 OfA volunteers in White House today 
I simply cannot stop ROFLing at this. The most brilliant thing I've read on the Internet in a long, long time. 
RT jFellyFels  paulpierce34 
Spotted on G train platform - new media graffiti. Gratweeti? 
Reading Alex Kotlowitz's There Are No Children Here. Man, it's good. If you're a Wire fan, it's a must-read. 
Question: when he said "you" to his Pakistani doctor, was Holbrooke saying that Pakistan has to end the war, or that the US does? 
I am working on a cook book called NO FLAVORS. Recipes guaranteed to offend nobody's taste buds.  
benintn um hello, puppies have voices too. And stop limiting your dessert options. All sweets are equally good. 
vwyeth yes I'm all about INNOVATION 
jamestweeting ok you got me. I'm pro being pro. 
laurenm take your irrationality and hatred of solutions elsewhere, Labels McBrandypants 
mcgregormt yes I am firmly PRO PEOPLE. 
One more thing: my movement is PRO FUTURE. If u feel the future, hop on board. If u cant take the future get out of the kitchen.  
Oh, I am also PRO COMMON SENSE. If you are a common sense fan, join my movement and feel superior.  
BREAKING: I'm starting a political movement that is all about SOLUTIONS. If you love solutions, give me your email addresses asap  
Really, Mayor Booker? RT CoryBooker So excited about nolabelsorg - politics of problem solving. Not left, not right, but forward. 
Good question RT fshakir Does Jon Stewart endorse "No Labels"? Is "No Labels" pro-sanity? 
Pretty depressing stuff RT grove The top 10 News and Politics videos of the year: 
AdamSerwer totally. I've long maintained that a million dollar biz idea would be a quality bagel truck in DC. 
Every magazine should read today's NYT piece on The Atlantic. It's all abt broadening the brand for the digital world 
2010 Pictures of the Year: 
Actually - exact  of Twitter use in Pew poll are 5 for whites, 13 for blacks, 18 for Hispanics 
Fascinating - blacks and Hispanics 3X more likely to use Twitter than whites: (via irincarmon) 
RT chucktodd Does EVERYTHING have to be a business? Jeez. 
YouTube - Rajon Rondo's Houdini Assist 
Unreal RT drgrist: Republicans Block U.S. Health Aid for 9/11 Workers What can you even say about this? 
PBS Frontline's MartinSmith28, my old boss, is tweeting his trip to Afghanistan. Cool to get access to a journalistic work in progress. 
WikiLeaks cables: Jihad? Sorry, I don't want to miss Desperate Housewives  guardian.co.uk 
Christie is already becoming a "YouTube moment" one-trick pony 
In new FB profiles, personal info is right up top,not hidden behind a tab. Now ppl will tweak that info way more -gt; way more newsfeed action 
Damn. Regretting that I just dedicated my 1000th tweet to Chris Christie. 
The Chris Christie momentum (big NY Mag piece, Frank Rich column) is only beginning. 
Annoyed that $5 60minutes iPad app doesnt show the legendary Miles Davis intvw. Also they should include a "best of" list like TAL app does. 
Tajikistan: The Next Jihadi Stronghold? 
Wheels up to Lagos. As usual, I turn my lonely eyes to gcaw for guidance. 
Don't miss ariberman's upcoming talk at the NYPL 
"That's the red-light district. I wonder why Savage is hanging around down there." "Sex, Frank?" "Not right now, Ed."  
Confirmed! Dogfish Head 90 Minute on Amtrak for only $6.50. Maybe the culinary news of the year. 
Only in Harvard Square: just spotted someone holding a sign that read "Homeless Vegetarian" 
Not exactly tasteful, but Alicia Keys' death campaign is a decently creative way to leverage celebs' online followings 
Cornell West on Jay-Z LOLZ: As an anti-imperialist I've always been suspicious of this Empire State talk 
More of that cable: "[They] showered the dancing children with $100 bills; the dancers prob picked upwds of USD 5000 off the cobblestones." 
From the same (amazing) cable: "stupendously fat guests were displaying their lezginkas for the benefit of the two visiting Russian women" 
The Poetics of Leaked Cables: "At one point we caught up with him dancing with two scantily clad Russian women who looked far from home." 
I rewrote the ending to Farewell to Arms, the last page of it, thirty-nine times before I was satisfied. 
RT AriFleischer POTUS hurt playing hoops. Blames Chamber of Commerce // Corporations post record profits; Chamber of Commerce blames Obama. 
BBC: The worlds greatest bookshops // a friend of mine owns  
Unlike almost everyone else in the GOP (including Palin) Chris Christie understands the power of the internet 
Still trying to wrap my mind around the sickness of Blake Griffin ariberman chrislhayes peterrothberg 
some phrases..like "I hate to say it"..sound honest but signify that the speaker is actually lying via ripleyintheair 
Just, wow. Miami Heat officially beg fans to be good fans. via toughasnils 
Horrible. Three people killed at the Boston pizza joint I used to go to all the time growing up 
richmintz excellent idea! which bar, out of curiosity? 
Unbelievably expressive dancing from East Oakland Turf Feinz - truly amazing art via willygray 
omiramb teach me some useful Italian phrases before I take off! 
Heading to Rome to give a talk to AmbasciataUSA and the Eisenhower Fellows. Not there for v long but pls send food/sight recs if u got em 
Spotted on Second Avenue - not often you see blatant anti-semitism in NYC 
If only twitter offered more than 140 characters, my lolllllllllllz would have infinite l's and z's 
The most overdue website update in history, coming tomorrow: 
sarm34 Thanks for the rec - I'm giving now! 
danmcswain Thanks Dan! bjfogg looks very cool, would love to discuss! 
Sure, this is basically just PR, but it's pretty neat nonetheless: 
Looking for a good cause to give to in an effort to revitalize my somewhat lapsed  tradition. Please send recs! 
chrislhayes why arent you watching hawks-jazz? 
Will be v interesting to see how Beck+TP respond to the anti-semitism stuff. Will "we're not anti-semitic" be the new "we're not racist"? 
Flight delayed. Gray skies. Damn. If only the richest 2 of Americans got a massive tax cut, the world could be such a better place. 
Airports you can believe in: free wifi at SEATAC 
PatrickRuffini been wondering that myself... Or at least make visible the most popular links among your friends... 
 security from worlds top 100 websites. Sign Accessnows petition 
OMG!!!! 
I miss Tony Judt 
The Perriello Way by chrislhayes 
Your Friday inspiration. Humanity is capable of this: 
Every journo who has ever donated to anythng shld be fired. Even if they gave to cancer research - bc then theyd have an anti-cancer bias. 
Library openings = always good RT susanorlean New, big, beautiful library opening in my town this weekend. This is such heartening news. 
Srsly why is the line drawn after voting? It's like, "u can have the bare min of a political opinion but anything else and ur not objective" 
Not defending Olbermann, but just asking, if journalists are allowed to vote in a democracy, why is donating to a campaign frowned upon? 
Said it before and I'll say it again. Best reason to get an iPad is bc it forces you to single-task. I get all my writing done on Pages. 
Arghh RT HuffingtonPost: Fascinating stat: Voters who blamed bankers for current economic woes backed Republicans +11 
Congrats to my new AG Eric Schneiderman ... Met him many years ago at thenation ed meeting, v impressive guy. cc katrinanation 
When Christine O'Donnell said "I'm you," she called all of us losers. 
Zillions of malaria nets, shelters for all of America's homeless veterans, an NBA team  
Hard to say what's more depressing: the election results or the Wal-Mart ads on MSNBC 
Lol RT DavidCornDC How special. RT randizuckerberg Announced on ABC 10m people declared "i voted" on Facebook (now we're at 11M!) 
