text 
Nay, I have no accounts offshore. Well, a couple of books I lent to Prospero. 
Lighten up, Puritans. Thou canst not spell fundamental depravity without fun. 
Vote for Beowulf. Make America Geat. 
Dear Iceland: Fortinbras is always available for vacant leadership positions. 
Stayed up too late last night binge-reading sonnets. 
Sibling rivalry: won.  
SarahCurlyHaira Just don't name her Desdemona. 
mrrajatkapoor Thou know'st it, good sir. 
One day the government banned morality plays. So we went with lots of sex, murder, and filthy puns. What can I say? The law is the law. 
A whole day after leaving Boston and  the other shoe drops for Jonson: "THAT'S why Milton's T-shirt said 'Head of the Charles!'" 
I wrote King Lear so that when I got old I would have enough money not to end up like King Lear. Like a retirement plan in pentameter.  
Marlowe amp; I enjoyed  Donne hath a smug look amp; lipstick on his ruff. But Jonson got cursed by Dante. Something something LaGuardia. 
Closing out  with brunch with Milton. He lives like a king in this town. But don't let him hear you use that word. 
Edward's seven sons, whereof thyself art one, Were as seven vials of his sacred blood, Or seven fair branches ...   
Slipped away from  and found a place for a quiet meal: just the Fair Youth, the Dark Lady, and me. Boston hath its charms. 
Haven't seen Milton at  yet. Turns out if you're hyper-educated Puritan political radical, Boston is really your town. 
I love Petrarch. I respect Petrarch. But I wish he'd look at me when we speak instead of Facebook-stalking Laura on his phone.  
Which part of "Cursed Be He Who Moves My Bones" was too subtle to understand? 
Breakfast with Boccaccio is always dangerous. He made me laugh so hard I choked on a bit of muffin.  
Jonson accuses Marlowe of stealing all his money. It was really Donne: anything to keep Ben from buying more coffee.  
Friday night at  Spenser hath been bounced from every last Irish bar in Boston. Now he is heading to Allston and Brighton. 
bromlejm And yet she never rings me. 
I go to every single  paper about Mary Wroth. But she never gives me her number. 
ConstellationBo A decade ago and more. But they live on among ye internettes: 
Bostonians names a university after whom? Really? Never the Southwark John Harvard? Is this an  thing?  
Ronsard and Du Bellay skipped morning  panels to shop on Newbury St. Despondent to find Avenue Victor Hugo Books gone. 
I just posed as the Earl of Oxford to order him six thousand Hawaiian pizzas.  
 BPLBoston brattlebookshop HarvardBooks PorterSqBooks americanrep huntington MassRenaissance mfaboston bostonbookfest  
rhepstein1 PLeahy97 I always enjoy when Bloom is mistaken for Eliot. And I can prank Eliot every day. 
Ben Jonson and black coffee is an ugly, ugly combination.  
Whom should I prank today?  
At midnight Marlowe conjured up the ghost of Ficino's grandmother, who beat and cursed Marsilio but made the rest of us noodles.  
Now Marlowe is laying into Ficino as a snobbish amateur. "Talk'st thou of spirits? I'll show thee how to call spirits!"  
Oh God. Ficino hath found me in the  hotel bar, and bendeth mine ear about my "scientific errors" in The Tempest. 
Marlowe_Society This is why thou art a genius, Kit. 
There's a  panel about Ben Jonson's "poetic antagonism." Jonson is waiting for the panelists outside. 
richardmpreiss Do NOT get Donne or Marlowe started on Ficino. 
First day of  Marlowe, Donne and Jonson have lunch in a pub. For three hours. Just don't embarrass me in front of Dante, boys. 
Claudius was just going to put his brother in a rickety boat, but then he saw The Tempest. He decided his way was easier. 
In Boston (the American one) for  - Marlowe, Donne amp; Jonson competing for the filthiest pun on "Back Bay" 
What, America again? Really? Must be Thursday at  
The core fantasy of The Tempest: being able to make your child nap on command until she's old enough to get married. 
Advice from Othello: if thy marriage hath gone wrong, traveling to Cyprus will not magically if it. 
O glad day now that Patty Duke hath arrived. Now we can rehearse my Comedy of Errors with female twins. 
Hi. I'm Will. Mayhap thou hast seen me on a T-shirt. 
dreadpiratebrwn What dost thou think I am avenging? 
Lo, I have come to take bloody revenge and eat muffins. Hast thou remembered to order muffins? 
Marlowe_Society ThePercyShelley Thou canst trust him on this one. 
Dear ThePercyShelley, my thanks. But do not get too excited. Dying young is overrated. Write that 200 times. 
'Tis Easter Monday. Yeats asked me to "pop by the Post Office" with him for a mo. I can't see how that could go well. 
LeVostreGC I am so happy that Milton could not see this tweet. 
Dost thou know how remote Prospero's island has to be for the Hogwarts Alumni fund-raisers not to find him? 
My missing head: worst case scenario. 
Of course I'm siding with Superman in  -- Bruce Wayne is always snapping open my head to reach his bloody cave. 
TO WHOEVER HATH MY HEAD: Thou art a fool, a knave, and a lousy, whore-bitten pander. But give me some aspirin. I've a migraine. 
Nobody, and I mean nobody, celebrates  like Ned and Elizabeth Spenser. I just wish they wouldn't serve swan. 
So relieved not to be in an airport today. The  are strictly a Herbert thing. 
Good thing Donne told me the thing about spirit travel. I was never going to fit that giant bust of my head as carry-on.  
Enjoying Easter brunch in New Orleans, but dreading the flight to London. Donne: "We're spirits, Will. We don't need the plane."  
Let your imaginary forces work.   
No matter how early I wake in New Orleans, I find Jonson with powdered sugar All. Over. His Face.   
jonathanhholmes Jonson doth not rein it in. Jonson threw his own bit somewhere around 1602. 
4 pm on the last day of  Jonson has his seminar. Marlowe in the bar. Donne vanished to "help a lady pack her suitcase." 
Paul_Edmondson Absolutely. "Anne Hathaway" sounds as if she has the annulment ready at a second's warning. 
This is just to say: Fear me, and fear my wrath.  
The moral of Romeo and Juliet? Some things really go downhill after the third date. 
Every time someone gives a  paper on Marston, Chettle, Chapman, or Middleton, they are so absurdly grateful. 
Donne speaks perfect French, which is wonderful in New Orleans, because no one can understand him. shakeass16 
I think I've met this DDDrewDaniel before. Is he not in Daft Punk?  
Things I've learned at  New Orleans: No one can stop Marlowe stealing saxophones. No one can stop Jonson trying to play them. 
ladylessons A coward dies a thousand deaths, a brave man dies but once. So, if I can just avoid being killed again, I am ipso facto brave. 
Marlowe on WendellPierce -- "That fellow would be a great Barabbas."  
Seeing Wendell Pierce at  I cannot tell thee how obsessed Jonson and Donne are with The Wire.  
Never send a king to do a clown's job. 
Did someone at  actually bloody compare me to Father Christmas? I heard it was that awful poet from Naples. 
This lady Stern is so clever about dumb shows that I am rendered, well, speechless.  
This man Bruster is right. I wrote beautiful stage directions, just to know that the punters would never get to hear them.  
'Tis Lady Day! And Good Friday. So I'm celebrating as miserably as possible. Happy morose Renaissance New Year. 
There's a  panel called "Kill Bill." Obviously, I'm not going to that. 
literasyme Hand C never liked me. Grouchy bastard. 
The forensics people at  are talking about saliva analysis. Pardon me, but what I lick is mine own business. 
Anyone who DNA tests thy love poems must be out to get thee. shakeass16 
At  hotel on Good Friday. Marlowe amp; Jonson pointedly reminding Donne whenever he moves an inch west. Donne moving in circles. 
This reference to Garry Shandling will officially be meta. "Parnassus" is in quotation marks. 
Kit Marlowe in New Orleans: Will betray people to Walsingham for beads.  
A "Jazz funeral?" My thanks. But watching mine own funeral by the Mississippi is such a Mark Twain experience.  
Yes. The media says that my skull might be missing. What else would Indiana Jones search for in his next film? 
"Ben Jonson, priest of Apollo amp; the Muses." Marlowe, Donne, and I snickering at   
My plays are suitable for all audiences. But the footnotes to my plays are adults-only. Be thou the judge. 
Where is my head, dost thou ask? Hast tried Lost Luggage at Paddington Station? 
At the  Digital Exhibit. Donne has long talks about coding. I got a lapel pin with Sidney's hot sister on. Everyone happy. 
Donne amp; Jonson have discovered the 6 Degrees of Francis Bacon social network - 6Bacon -at  They're using it to find ladies. 
Giving Jonson an old  hangover cure with gallons of Tabasco. Not sure if it helps him, but it entertains us.  
After 90 minutes in New Orleans, Marlowe is already disappointed in the Napoleonic Code.  
I called him "Puck" because sometimes you'd like to have at him with a stick. 
. Historiann Donne's meeting is always in Louisiana. So he's happy to come along. And Marlowe likes anyplace outside Commn Law. 
Jonson is coming to  but made me promise to come to the next meeting of the Jonson Society of America. Deal. 
Only a pack of American college dons would schedule a party in New Orleans on ... Good Friday. Not clear on the concept.  
Caliban sleeps with the fishes. No, he's fine. He just has to take what he can get. 
chiefofsurgery "Ben Jonson" 
Small Latin, less Greek. Barely scrape by in French. But incredibly fluent in Love. 
Things I have learned over centuries in the arts: Never, ever cross Tintin.  
Praised be Diana's fair and harmless light. - Sir Walter Raleigh  
Yes, an aristocrat secretly wrote my plays: a Nigerian prince who wants to wire you 8,000,000 once thou dost open thy bank account to him. 
I like a good Purim play myself. "Hester amp; Ahaesurus" is a classic. But when he sees one, Jessica's Lorenzo decides to sleep in the couch. 
I have just been informed that my lord the Master of Revels is not on Twitter. Nor any censor. Now for some iffy "Palm Sunday" puns. 
Macbeth's witches complaining that they can't get a recording contract. As we say in show business, "Less newt, more lute." 
Brighton, say'st thou? Certes! All should come see me at the Old Market in Brighton. 
And what should I do in Illyria?   
Reading Henslowe's Diary, trying to figure out who he's taking to prom.  
Writing a new pop song, "Untame My Shrew." 
Macbeth was quite enjoying The Lord of the Rings until he got to the Ents. 
Some days I tell my wife I'n in London and Burbage I'm in Stratford. Skip day! 
My birthday hath come early: Tiffany Stern speaks about me at FolgerLibrary 
Faustus doth not want to go to law school. Fine. He doth not want to study medicine. Fine. But could he not just, say, join a band? 
My job today is the same as it is every St. Patrick's Day: keep Spenser out of fights. Walter Raleigh is on his own. 
Sigh. They are scanning my tomb with radar: Good thing I was buried with microwaveable popcorn. 
Landed in Washington to please Tiffany Stern. DC's version of the Tube not running. Everyone arguing. Nowhere to hire a horse. 
No idea how to be the English National Poet. Never asked for the job. I just ask, "What would Ned Spenser do?" and then do something else. 
FolgerResearch And for this we love ye well. Our thanks! 
Falstaff keeps repeating, "And woe to my Lord Chief Justice!" No more cable news for him. 
Brutus is an honourable man. And you know what happens to guys like that. 
maddychilds Is thy high school taught entirely in Latin? No? Thou art welcome. 
Hey, Caesar. If thou wilt not listen to soothsayers, maybe occasionally listen to thy wife?  
All the world's a stage. So please turn off the cell phones. 
Never, ever visit Titus Andronicus on  
Notice that your mother's ghost never comes back and tells you to kill anyone. 
What? My foot my tutor?  
Fine. Now that I've seen TheatreforaNewA 's Pericles, I will admit having written it. 
angevin2 Did I say I would not take a part in it? Of course I would. I'm just not terribly proud of the verse. 
Batman: putting on dark tights and vowing to avenge his father since early in World War II. Like Hamlet but in less of a hurry. 
I had this terrible nightmare that someone found out I wrote Pericles and put it back into my collected works. 
mcbjm If I had written Game of Thrones, they would ALL be dead by now. 
I killed off Mercutio because I was out of jokes for him. Tybalt I just hated. 
ThreePlayNYC I would have Chapman write it instead, so that we could use one of his titles: All Fools. 
When you're as famous as I am, you don't need to wear trousers in public. 
Sometimes party politics seems like a Jonson comedy, full of absurd caricatures. It's when things feel Marlovian that I get nervous. 
Golding's Ovid. This. Friday. Every Friday.  
 LoneStarFolio BookPeople MalvernBooksTX texasshakes austinshakes bookwomanaustin MonkeyWrenchATX 
You do understand that "To be or not to be" is a rhetorical question, yes? 
The sorrows of growing older. One day, you find that a pound of your flesh no longer commands nearly the price it once did. 
Players only love thee in the playhouse. 
 Everyone Hates Chris Columbus 
conor610 Drunk_Austen I hoarded malt. Potatoes are more Sir Walter Raleigh's bag. 
Will dramatize history for fame and money. 
When I complain that the Dark Lady cheats, people sympathize. When I complain that the Fair Youth cheats, they say "He's available?" 
Tragedy is the art of making the viewer believe deeply in someone she already knows is hopeless. Like a good love sonnet.  
There's only one way to improve on "Hey Nonny Nonny." Get Sir George Martin to produce. 
mattelirod Oh well. I'll just have plod along being insanely famous and not knowing that thou existeth. 
Fear no man. But have a healthy respect for every woman.  
Rather, Romeo is like a bag *of crisps*. Tony from West Side Story is like a bag of crips.  
Romeo is irresistible but bad for thy health: like an enormous bag if crips. 
scottekaufman Am I to bait thy clicks, sirrah? 
'Tis  Ask thyself: "What would Paulina do?" 
What a difference 400 years makes: the London skyline 1616 v 2016  interactive  Cities  The Guardian 
My Dark Lady never put naked selfies online. She hadn't the technology or the patience. She just leaned out her bedroom window. 
EPRenProf But my ghost delighted, like Don Andrea's. 
 "Sweet lady, thou mak'st my soul burn like unto Ben Jonson's library." 
As the waves make toward the pebbled shore ... Yes, I said "pebbled shore." What's wrong with that? Dost not like Brighton?  
Eric1Gary Don't take any IQ tests in a hurry, boys. 
Good news: King Arthur shall return. Bad news: 'Tis only for a book tour. 
LeVostreGC May I see his certificate of birth? 
DaintyBallerina BBCNews Panicke on ye streetes of London! 
The rough drafts of my plays? Went to line baking pans, mostly. Thou canst never have too many pies. 
Let not  go by without a word for my Anne, who gave birth to twins with no anesthetic. There is thy "weaker sex." 
Ladies, you deserve To have a temple built to you.    
Actually, forget small beer. I am drinking on the beach with Patrick Conroy. 
As we used to say backstage: There is no small beer. There are only big drinkers. 
idklinac starsknowu "Montague" is not an Italian name, dear child. Romeo was a Montecchi, Juliet a Capelletti. 
richardmpreiss I believe thou mean'st "she." 
NMMUSD EMA_Tweets ClassicFM Let it thunder to the tune of Greensleeves! (Then maybe something mellower, like Dowland.) 
Hanging about with Thomas Nashe, looking for a bit of Lenten entertainment. 
This is how I found new words: I whipped the groundlings into a frenzy, they shouted rude things, and I wrote down the cleverest bits. 
Dost like songs? Dost like sonnets? Then have I got the book for thee: Tottel's Miscellany, the "Songs and Sonnets," 1557  
 PortPublicLibME DetroitLibrary DIADetroit MuseoUT NMMUSD TAMU FOLIO FRIDAY! 
caravaggista_ Love. Clowning. Blood feuds. The usual. 
c_perry Dost mean that something scandalous is being kept secret? One shudders to think. 
richardmpreiss Already done that bit, noble youth. Now I shall have to wait a bit longer to sneak it back into the act. 
EPRenProf They just kept saying it was "The cause. Name it not. It is the cause." 
When my Hamlet came out, all the fanboys who'd love the ur-Hamlet in the 80s screamed that I was ruining their childhoods. 
If you have to send in a third murderer at the last minute, you've already hired the wrong people. 
'Tis  Thou knowest what to do. Whate'er thou dost, buy. 
ConstellationBo Ghosts that no one could get rid of!  
Not in love with the term  to say the sooth. But then, I am technically a Ghostbustee. 
Someone asked me if I liked Drake. Obviously, I love him. First, there's round-the-world thing, and then beating the Armada. Just great. 
My next book? Cassius: The Lean and Hungry Diet 
kshenderson_ Ummm... Thou dost know that ancient Rome was actually a real thing, right? And that these were real people's names? 
urgraduation Tis a tragedy, child. The hilarious indomitable guy cannot be left in charge. 
therulesofbeing Hamnet and his sister were named after our Stratford friends, Hamnet and Judith Sadler. 
Something about Heathrow that occasionally makes me want to go Henry V on everyone. 
Eric1Gary MrsSternal And there be a Twitter account that sayeth Gary and Eric are gullible fools. 'Tis Gary and Eric's account. 
I proudly wear the leek on St Davy's Day and proudly eat the leek on St Davy's Day. But I will not eat soup that someone's worn on his hat. 
Marlowe, Donne, Jonson and I are off to Heathrow. Thanks for everything, LA, and see you again for next year's   
Marlowe really does not need the dogs in LAX sniffing his bags. Luckily for him, all dogs inexplicably love Jonson.   
A development exec asks why I gave up acting. "I just don't show up well on camera."   
It seems I also pitched Henry VI last night as Game of Thrones meets House of Cards. I called it "Paper Crown." Oscars  
Lunch with studio development types who want to hear more about my "live-action Lion King" idea from last night's  party.  
I used to say that Lear was King because he could never get elected. Now I'm not so sure. 
Donne: "Don't you have meetings today, Will?" It seems I pitched screenplays at  parties and can't remember. Good parties.  
I am hungover. Jonson is snoring. I am eating Girl Scout cookies for breakfast, and it's still February. I love the   
Last night Dr. Jack Donne heard a few young ladies' confessions in his room. Most of the hotel heard them, too.   
Marlowe elaborating plot involving Euros, phone hacking and stolen art. Exec: "Is this a movie pitch?" M: "If you like."   
Jonson struggling to pitch Epicoene to an exec at  party. I step in: "Bringjng Up Baby meets The Crying Game."  
Now, off to the after-parties.   
Star turns are all well and good. But I love ensemble acting and a strong script. Well done, Spotlight.   
Marlowe: "To be honest, I find the term 'revenant' insulting. I prefer 'spectre' or 'walking shade.'   
Donne on DiCaprio's victory: "Look at this: Jack's total lack of surprise."   
Jonson: "Killing Leo DiCaprio at the end makes a movie great. Titanic, Gatsby, that silly teen Romance of Will's."   
Ali G: proof that Windsor is still full of eccentrics and clowns.   
Every day since Alan Rickman joined us, someone has asked him to play the cello.    
The  In Memoriam always reminds me: I need to have these people round to tea soon.  
Ben Jonson bought a lot of Girl Scout cookies. And Marlowe wrote a check signed "Patrick Stewart."   
Jonson, sulking through the Documentary awards: "When I put true facts on stage, they threatened to cut off mine ears."   
TheMadSonneteer Actors sometimes say silly things. I mean, hast read my The Phoenix and the Turtle? 
Mark Rylance. That is my boy.   
What I didn't understand about Spotlight is that even after all of that, Banner wasn't angry enough to be the Hulk.   
Marlowe actually wrote the first draft on spec: he called it Cambridge of Spies.   
All four of us love Spotlight; Donne and Jonson still struggling with the idea that Massachusetts Bay is heavily Papist.   
So far, bear-centric films are 1 for 1 at the   
Best Adapted Screenplay is the category nearest my heart. So glad Donne is here to explain what The Big Short is about.   
And Chris Rock is dressed like Dooley Wilson in Casablanca. Progress?   
Keep getting texts from Burbage, who is upset that he never gets cast in a Hollywood superhero film.   
On the red carpet. Jonson and Marlowe catcalling when they see Anne Hathaway. "Give HER twins, Will!" Just behave, boys.   
magearna My three children say nay. But I never thought of that as part of my job. 
When I was an actor, there were only three awards to get: Getting cast, getting applause, and getting paid. 
Donne deals with Santa Monica Freeway traffic by letting Marlowe drive. Marlowe drives like a scofflaw who's already died.   
Before lunch is over Marlowe has a phone number, Donne has three phone numbers, and Jonson has another cheeseburger.   
Every time we lunch at Venice Beach, Donne gets into a long conversation about alchemy with someone.   
Lunch outdoors at the SmallWorldBooks cafe. Jonson explaining how Cicero explains the American elections.   
Donne drives the convertible to Venice for lunch. Because he finds the name "Venice" hilarious.   
I mean, Jonson, Marlowe, Donne and I are dead white English guys. But this is just silly.    
Hungover Jonson reading  coverage: "Egad. 'Tis whiter than my walk to Scotland."   
Donne wakes up with 3 fiery cups of coffee. Jonson miserably nurses wine. Marlowe takes a little pill and is wide awake.   
True fact: Ben Jonson snores in perfect iambic pentameter. Lots of enjambment.   
And gentlewomen wear such caps as these.   
Jonson pitching modern updates of Every Man in His Humour. Would do better pitching it as a new idea.   
Pitching Loves Labours Won at a party in Laurel Canyon. "If I say yes, I need an option on Loves Labours Two and Three."   
Jonson: "What about actresses?" Donne: "Please. It's a whole city of faux Desdemonas."    
Marlowe's reading Donne's new crypto books. Donne explains  - "Imagine nominating Cassio, not Othello"   
Jonson insists on dinner at Mel's, for yet more cheeseburgers. We settle on The Standard.   
What I really enjoy about booksoup is how much Francis Beaumont they don't have.   
Marlowe has two books on hacking and a collection of Frank O'Hara. Jonson's buying Horace poems he already owns. booksoup   
Donne is browsing editions of my plays in booksoup and reading the footnotes aloud in salacious voices.   
Marlowe, meanwhile, is nose deep in a book on identity theft.   
Jonson avoids the Drama section in booksoup for fear his books aren't there. Donne browses the news stand.   
Back in West Hollywood with the lads. What  weekend would be complete without a visit to booksoup?  
Donne, Jonson, Marlowe, and I looking at the Ellesmere Chaucer in TheHuntington. Not feeling like such big deals.   
In TheHuntington, with Jonson and Donne smirking over my First Quarto of Hamlet. Jonson: "You got better, Will."   
Jonson, as always, obsessed with cheeseburgers.   
Lunch in TheHuntington gardens. Marlowe and Donne obsessing over some story about phones, apples, and the FBI.   
Donne declares that if we're already in North Hollywood we might as well push on to Pasadena and TheHuntington.   
Jonson buys some Homer to preserve his dignity. I buy a Francis Bacon biography. Full of surprises.   iliadbooks 
I've always been Marlowe's biggest fan. Meaning that I only want to stab him about one third of the time. 
Marlowe: "Look! Here are thy books, Ben!" Pointing to a row of Samuel Johnson. Bastard. iliadbooks   
That sad used-bookstore moment when Jonson only finds a bare few of his books. iliadbooks   
The only brunch plan that Jonson, Donne, and Marlowe can ever agree on involves a trip to iliadbooks.   
Dawn on Sunset Boulevard: both Marlowe and Belushi floating face down in the pool. Somewhere Billy Wilder is smiling.   
Midnight at the Chateau Marmont: Marlowe's ghost finds Belushi's ghost, challenges him to a drinking contest.   
Dinner at Soho House on Donne's account. Then to a bar where Marlowe can show off his forehead scar for free drinks.   
We always stay at the Chateau Marmont. Outside looks like a castle. Inside, scads of overprivileged louts. Like a castle.   
As soon as we turn the rental car onto Sunset Boulevard, Marlowe starts to do a spooky Billy Wilder voiceover.   
Donne switches to hip hop, already knows the lyrics. Jonson sulks: "Not iambic." Donne: "Nay, Ben. Trochaic as a motherf"   
Donne gets us a convertible, agin. And again the fight over the car radio. Jonson is obsessed with KCRW.   
Marlowe always has a false passport. Today at LAX it says his name is "George Smiley." Bit of cheek, really.   
My first title for The Winter's Tale was "Modern Family." 
Now that I think of it, free drink would have solved a good number of Marlowe's troubles.   
Marlowe gets free drinks because today's his birthday. Donne gets free drinks because the flight attendants are in love.   
Lessons from a 12-hour transatlantic flight: Jonson never grasps time zones. Donne never stops explaining.   
 IliadBookshop BookSoup TheHuntington  
Turns out that Flight 7 from Heathrow to LAX is haunted. Haunted by Marlowe, Donne, Jonson, and me.  here we come.  
The main thing when traveling to the  with Marlowe? Planning the extra three hours stuck in customs.  
Byron who? 
Freud was one of my biggest fans. Until he reached the afterlife and found out that I'd been seeing his mother. 
Nay, I think I have been to Deadpool. Three shows, lots of rainy, Burbage got bedbugs. 
My fans go the whole mile... 
xsophiebrown_ Don't ever Henry the Eighth anyone, child. That really ruins lives. 
You want plays with morals? Fine. The moral of King Lear is "stay out of the rain." 
The lark at break of day arising knoweth that thou hast a hangover. It just doth not care. 
Whenever I find "Jupiter" trending on twitter, I want either to hide my daughters or to pray they are transformed into a leafy vegetable. 
When the haters get thee down, just go for a long walk in the park and look at a statue of thyself. Always works for me, anyway. 
carolinecai3 I wish that I had written Hamlet. Oh, wait. I did.  
Yes, a few clowns are weeping on the inside. But most are just pretending to be sensitive so they can get girls.  
"Invent the human?" Perhaps. Perhaps not. But at least no one blames me for inventing the hobbits. 
SGUYBRAY jenny_c_mann He's not so keen on you either, Stephen. 
jenny_c_mann Older men not your thing? 
adamghooks We called them "candles." 
The  was terrific. I just wish it had an edit button. 
I'd ask you what that means, if I thought you knew. 
Written by Queen Catherine for the next five wives .... 
Never fight with George Washington if you can avoid it. He is cunning, he never gives up, and those false teeth are quite painful. 
theoryseeking Get thee off Twitter and ring up a suicide prevention hotline, RIGHT NOW. 
'Tis George Washington's Birthday! But even he can't get tickets to Hamilton.    
theoryseeking Wrong answer. 
fosterthekaren Proud of whom? Art thou as unprepared as Hamlet was? 
mahaarshad_ I blame Laertes. 
My MP in Stratford-upon-Avon is a perfect gent, of course. But at my age the modern world does seem quite modern. 
Nay, my voice mail is full. My voice mail is always full. One reason: Polonius. 
Ask me not about the  I am still trying to understand how my MP is an Iraqi Tory.  
And are these not fairies? By the Lord, I was three or four times in the thought that they were not fairies.   
The dramabookshop hath need of thy help!  
LeVostreGC Thou matchest Bishop in her best-known bent, And verily thou hast overpassed her. 
Never sell the Devil thy soul. Hast not read Dr Faustus? Now, selling him other people's souls: there hast thou a viable business model. 
Sainsbury: for those of us clever enough to spread jam on a croissant-shaped croissant. We must be geniuses.   
LeVostreGC But now must thou rhyme on "disaster." 
JohannaF_math Hamlet, unlike KyloR3n, is not fool enough to think that killing his Dad would simplify things. 
Umberto Eco is here, and he's been explaining things about Romeo and Juliet that simply blow my mind. I need to read that play again. 
"The Name of the Rose" was sweet indeed. Umberto, thou hast always been one of our fellowship. 
millerm1962 Cockney rhyming slang keeps us from using that word. 
Yea, Hamlet weareth nothing but black. Every day. The fewer decisions he needs to make, the better. 
There ain't no party like a Malvolio party, Because a Malvolio party does not exist. 
How Lin_Manuel doth rip off mine act. 
Throne of Blood Donation  
MrCarroll_Engl My thanks, dear children. You are most kind to an old man such as I. 
Today I am drinking home-made liquor with Miss Harper Lee, and listening to her tell stories. 
Garrick is 299 years old today. We still make him show ID. 
My thanks, SamuelFrenchLtd When thou lov'st me not, I will be undone. dramabookshop TheatreBookshop SamFrenchBkshp 
Pulp Fiction Manuscript Preparation  
 dramabookshop theatrebookshop SamuelFrenchLtd SamFrenchBkshp Never a bad afternoon to read a new play, or an old one 
So, is this "Trump" man Henry VIII with half the wives? Or King John with 50 more wives? 
I had really gotten used to our "Pope is the Antichrist" narrative. Why does today have to be confusing? 
Chekhov loads his gun in the first act, fires it in the last. I have stabbings in the middle act. Not waiting for Chekhov to shoot me. 
adhaardesai Verily, even I confess it. 
Because if anyone knows what's funny, 'tis a professional historian. 
HistoryExtra Why not go to a playhouse and see if anyone laughs? 
In other news, Aaron the Moor shall not be boycotting this year's  He is going to protest by showing up.  
I'm planning to do The Lion King with depressed, conflicted Danish families. No singing unless someone's borderline suicidal. 
How big do you have to be to score Hamilton tickets? I don't know how to tell Donne that we'll have to try the lottery. 
Othello hath asked me to boycott this year's  I said I don't show up on the telly but still cost them a gift bag. He's pleased. 
We all play the fool now and then. But some of us truly live that part. 
katarina__smith Ummm ... thou dost know that we ALL die in the end, right? 
Some Elizabethan advice for Kanye: Never mouth off about how much any tailor owes thee. 'Tis not how that works. 
So, I "invented the human," then? So no one before me was human? Really. Methinks Harold Bloom hath insulted my mother. 
I knew we should have cut an original cast album for Midsummers.  
femscriptintros Enter JANE (late 30s) seated in a barge like a burnished throne, burning on the water with a poop of beaten gold. 
Falstaff would never send two women identical love letters now. Now he's perfected the e-mail blast. 
Learn to read what silent love hath writ. If thou canst not read, we're probably not compatible. 
Enter  pursued by a bear. 
Sexy older woman, Warwickshire  
Roses are red, Robbie Burns is a Scot, Verses like this Make one sound like a sot. 
I got the Fair Youth candy and the Dark Lady flowers. Now she has chocolate smeared across her face, and he has roses in his hair. 
Happy  to King Richard II! Can't be the worst one he's ever had. 
Men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love.   
mrrajatkapoor A day with a "y" in it, then? 
When Henry IV Met Sally  
MmeBahorel I left the girl nothing. She can buy her own brand-new American mattress. 
Yes, actually. If all of the politicians just went away to the forest, 'twould be As I Like It. 
Americans always say their versions of things are newer and prettier. But when I saw the American Anne Hathaway, I had to admit it. 
matthewharrison I will now officially go Javert on thee. 
I shall start calling him Kanye North By Northwest. He doth not always know a hawk from a handsaw. 
Dost know what Shylock really hates? The metric system. 
NewWolsey Verily. 
John Wilkes Booth should always play the lead. I want the little bastard onstage where I can keep an eye on him.  
And  GroveBookshop 
 StokeyBookshop NewhamBookshop TavBooks Foyles LRBbookshop HerneHillBooks 
Cyndy2ys Nay. That one is simple. 
So ... Netflix and quill? 
The question is not whether a lovely queen would date a man who is part donkey. The question is, "Which part donkey?" 
femscriptintros Enter JANE (19), an extremely beautiful, fragile, and sexy Danish aristocrat. She gazes at her brother with big bunny eyes. 
OwenMowrey fil The porter scene in Macbeth, I take it? For what it's worth, too much porter does impede performance. 
When I was late for a meeting, mine excuse was always, "Sorry! Hard crossing the river today." 
femscriptintros Enter JANE, not quite 14, the most beautiful Veronese virgin in the history of the world 
Want to change the pace of a scene? Switch into prose. Or into verse. Or into rhyme. Whichever.  
Poll voters urge me to renounce love triangles for  I shall keep to hexagons and exotic quadrilaterals.   
I shall give up watching bear-baiting for Lent. My telly will aid me in this difficult enterprise.  
I love this "science fiction., But I cannot remember which unlikely inventions have come to pass and which not. Are "bifocals" a thing? 
SirWilliamD Where the Devil is Eastcheap? What have they done to it? 
Every  Falstaff thinks, "Finally! People see things my way!"   
Can't give up eye of newt for Lent this year. My surgeon already forbids it. 
rhepstein1 Art thou still blowing that horn? 
What should I give up for Lent? 
 with mine old friend Thomas Dekker. He keeps making up funny songs about shoemakers. 
Thy sister's husband's identical twin.   
Sorry! No speaking with ladies!  
Wants an arranged marriage. Tomorrow.  
Can't forgive losing that handkerchief.  
1snugthejoiner Have I ever argued about the "correct" spelling? Not I, surely. 
Also, Purgatory is listening to B. Jonson and S. Johnson arguing about how to spell their bloody surname. 
What is Purgatory? Purgatory is sitting between Ben Jonson and Samuel Jonson while they argue about punctuation. 
Yes, they call the storm "Imogen." For hell hath no fury like a woman falsely accused, abandoned, and sexually harassed. 
Fear no more the heat o' sun, but be damned careful with  
Ahoymades I look forward to that every year. Especially the bit in pre-game when Richard III takes Lord Stanley's son hostage. 
All right. That's all the Superb Owl that Greenwich Time can stand. 
abigail_dennis I only wrote 154 sonnets about how I do not favour maidens like that. 
SStaatz I was slandered! Could I have made my preference for dark-eyed brunette any clearer! 
This is the person who actually went to bed with Gwyneth Paltrow, yes? Not just pretending for a film? 
Ah, at last! The ill-considered Superb Owl court masque. Nothing funnier than an absurd court masque. And there is no other kind. 
Let me give thee some last minute Superb Owl advice from an Englishman: Never bet on anyone beating Newton through sheer brainpower. 
CosmodemonicPMC Reason not the need, child. 
jeffreyjcohen TheMedievalDrK Tis the saving throw 'gainst False Consciousness thou shouldst worry about. 
Are the Americans having their big "football" match again? Already? I see the Massachusetts Tea-Spillers have not made it this time. 
Methoughts his eyes Were two full moons. He had a thousand noses, Horns whelked and waved like the enraged sea.  
Somehow my  hashtag hath not caught on. 
Someone suggested that Dogberry use a thesaurus. He said they'd been extinct for millions of years. 
Who is the Dark Lady? Is it not bad enough that I've called her a syphilitic liar in print? Dost thou actually need the name? 
Urban Hamlet  
Where do actors go when we die? The dressing room, usually. I like a nice cuppa before curtain call. 
My  ? Ovid's Metamorphoses, always. Because everything changes, and nothing ends.  
Come see my Folio! Middlebury FrostArtMuseum beachmuseum LakeCoMuseum and opening today at the  
koshakilla Thou lost me at "doth shall," bro. 
Is it wrong to admit that I won money on the Hamilton-Burr fight?   
Because, after all, how could the advice of a witch, a devil, or a ghost loosed out of Hell be bad? 
rhepstein1 Every studio exec says that. 
Ah. So the American "elections" are basically like Game of Thrones, but without the clever dwarf. 
If thy mistress's eyes are like the sun, she is probably not human. Run! 
dy_lord There will be Revenant jokes. Indeed, there will be. 
If you exit *pursuing* a bear, there's not much hope for you. 
If you don't know whether you're in a comedy or a tragedy, try to stay out of Act III entirely. 
The Globe Playhouse: where even the ghosts are played live. 
Happy Candlemas! What saith Spring is on the way better than a church ceremony with candles? 
Practical lessons from my Merchant of Venice: ladies love a gondola. 
Romeo and Juliet is a tragedy because "Honeymoon in Mantua" seemed anti-climactic. 
Sonnet sequences are better than epics. When you're out of ideas, you just say you're finished. 154 sonnets? Just what I planned. 
Be no more ashamed for what thou hast done; Roses have thorns, and silver fountains mud;  
To parents who named their daughters "Juliet": 1. I am touched, truly. 'Tis flattering. 2. What the hell were you thinking? 
Lyric vs epic vs tragedy vs comedy -- none of that mattered. The real poetic divide was between Virgil fanfic and Ovid fanfic. 
"Say my name, Octopus boy!" jonathangreen YouTube Shakespeare_400 
Just because Macduff did not technically have a mother does not mean you can get away with "your mother" jokes. 
Thou canst always find something completely mad in Holinshed's Chronicles, and pretend thou dost believe it.  
The studio execs wanted to change my title to "The Merry MILFs: Windsor Edition" 
Pride amp; Prejudice, published  1813 is an almost perfect novel. If Elizabeth fell in love with a touring player it WOULD be perfect. 
 Henry VIII died and immediately reconsidered his stance on Purgatory. 
The Devil offered to trade me poetic talent for my soul. I said, "Sorry. I have a bit of talent already, and these are my favorite shoes." 
Write supporting roles as if the world were filled with talented, underpriced character actors. Trust me.  
nickytinags I think that's the feeling of reading "Twoscore-and-ten Shades of Grey," dear. 
Abe Vigoda keeps promising to set up a meeting where Marlowe will be safe. 
Jon Snow cast as Doctor Faustus? Hell freezeth over. 
 is a good, straightforward title. But I would have gone with "Always Aim High." Too soon? HamiltonMusical  
allysonspurrxo I've done 154 of mine own, child. My advice? Read Petrarch, think about meter, and fall in love with the wrong people. 
liviclarkk macbeth "Worded with less complexity"? Perhaps thou dost mean "written more simply." 
The biggest question of my thirties: how much like Marlowe could I be without someone stabbing me in the head. 
vanessaacece Hate me all thou likest. Tomorrow thou wilt still be angry and I will still be world famous. 
Some call it "Drunk Shakespeare." I call it "Me After Breakfast" drunkshakes 
DaveedDiggs Thou art my favorite Frenchman. Not such a high bar, I grant thee. Felicitations! 
'Tis Virginia Woolf's birthday. My sister never lets me forget. 
Sir Francis Bacon hath left Mulder and Scully a coded message. It reads, "KISSE HER, DUMMYE."  
... Therefore, as brevity, is the soul of wit, and ... (15/17) 
We're going to start deporting Americans with PhDs? After we let Eliot slouch around the place for a dog's age? 
So nice to see  trending. Finally, the Tolstoy lad gets a taste of success. 
I was so excited about having a Scottish King that I wrote Macbeth. 
She ate fire and died.   
When in doubt, blame Lady Macbeth. Everyone else does. 
Here shall ye see No enemy But winter and rough weather. Although I think those two will do to be getting on with.  
Thou really canst not complain about being "too nice a guy" if a woman has faked her own death to avoid thee. 
Best merchandising tie-in? 
Sonnets: for when messy love triangles seem like less hassle than rehearsal. 
 JSchnitzMOA SamNobleMuseum shakespeareatnd  
If thou, like Dr John Dee, polishest a disk of pure obsidian into a dark mirror, then wilt thou have one badasse coaster for thine ale. 
muchdanyul viralhowell I'm all booked up, dearest. I can pencil thee in for my next free weekend, sometime in the 2040s. 
If you're bringing Ophelia flowers, you probably know you've done wrong. If Ophelia brings you flowers, you've really, really done wrong. 
Spenser promised HBO that if they did a Faerie Queene series he would finish the books on time. 
Sometimes when I see news from the American elections, I can't even make up a word for what's going on. 
Excited about  of course. But every time a new planet is discovered astrologers get an excuse for their botched predictions. 
I am pushing "Loves Labours Wonne" back until Christmas 2017.  
 Parson Evans hath longed to see thee dawn. 
WolfBaginski I meddle not with trilogies. I must needs have a four-script deal or I walk. 
Turns out they have a file on me. I blame Walsingham: Shakespeare Documented 
Always let thy smartest character make the most foolish mistake.  
Six_Jones 'Tis not a matter of "would" or "should," child. It is. 
What is better than a Glenn Frey/David Bowie/John Dowland's lute trio? Alan Rickman playing Antony to Bowie's Cleopatra. 
I dress up like someone else and shout at the groundlings in verse.  
Least terrible husband? 
If you insist on spelling your names exactly the same way every time, please yourselves. You're just making it easy for GCHQ and the NSA. 
Glenn Frey keeps talking about how scary the Hotel California was. Personally, I've always been more worried by the Chateau Marmont. 
Go to the crossroads at midnight. But when the Devil comes, keep calling him "Larry" and asking to borrow five quid. He can't stand it. 
Glenn Frye, David Bowie, and John Dowland jamming on three lutes. I went to the right place when I died. 
Yes, my plays are autobiographical. Because I am an assortment of famous dead Romans and mine own twin sister. 
Boys whom their fathers forbid  
Marlowe on John Dee: "Why couldn't we cure the pox, Will? Because the greatest mind of our generation was talking to bits of rock." 
With Marlowe at RCPmuseum 's John Dee exhibit. I'm fascinated. Marlowe: "Magic is for suckers. I think I've made that clear." 
Hamlet finally saw the new Star Wars (because, of course, he waited). His verdict: "That Kylo Ren kid hath issues." 
The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste ... what my dream was.   
I almost stooped unto tweeting a "thy mother" joke, but then I was reminded that such jokes are beneath me. Much like thy mother. 
They named my grammar school after a bloke who died before turning 16. I could never work out if it was an actual threat.  
mahaarshad_ Dost thou want a simpler life? Go off into the lonely wilderness and tend sheep. 
Fun fact: Robert Greene went to  and I did not. Upstart Crow FTW. 
Please. Trifle not with these polite euphemisms about  Come out and say what thou mean'st. Call the man Dutch. 
All the world's a stage, but the stars have to watch in silence. 
 strandbookstore TDFNYC TheatreforaNewA 246Theater metmuseum harlemshakes13 nypl PublicTheaterNY All solid  values 
Hast ever shopped for books in The Strand? Now *those* are some  values. strandbookstore 
Finally got to ask Alan Rickman what kind of ignorant cod cheats on Emma Thompson. He said it was only in a film. Who would really do that? 
Please: no one else die until I can get more liquor delivered. 
Alan Rickman has drunk my last gin, David Bowie has demolished the parlor, and Sylvan Barnet is passed out in my best stockings. 
I have written a new part for the great Alan Rickman. I hope he likes it. I'm a bit nervous to meet him. 
I have always loved Brian Bedford. And now I have him as a scene partner. The whole rehearsal room cheered when he came in. 
Never play "Bed Marry Kill" with Richard III. It's not a choice for him. It's a schedule. 
When Macbeth invited an  to his  he didn't pull it off nearly as well. 
Do I need the thesaurus? Not nearly as much as the thesaurus needs me. 
MDockrayMiller Well. I said not that. And if a "New England Patriot" gets on about closing up walls with English dead, I won't be pleased. 
Sometimes I get quoted: Edelman11: Once more unto the breach, dear friends  
Edelman11 Wait. That's from something ... 
MargaretPerryKH The_Globe ShakespeareBT This diagram hath a strange definition of "romance." 
Happy birthday to insolent rebel Alexander Hamilton, from one upstart crow to another.   
A good day for ballads and cross-dressing, methinks. 
Let us dance! Put on thy red shoes and dance the blues. Let us dance! To the song that playeth on the rad-i-oo... Welcome home, spaceman. 
Hint: if thou must be stuck at the airport, be stuck with Jack Donne. He's funny, and he gets upgrades everywhere he goes.  
daddyissuesluke Let me explain it to thee without verbs: Thou = dumber than a dead man 
daddyissuesluke Blame not me, youth. Everyone wants to do that to thee. 
What is our biggest problem getting home from  ? 
Things I treasure: watching Donne and Milton listening to papers about themselves with Sunday-morning  hangovers. 
They always put the Spenser panels on Sunday morning, so Spenser can't go.  
In sleep a king, in waking no such matter.  
Marlowe has gotten drunk in Austin, Texas and wants to beat up Lord Byron. It's good. When he's sober, Marlowe wants to kill Byron.  
Milton hasn't actually been blind since he died. He just "can't see" certain people in the hotel lobby at  
So this  panel is about me and "digital pedagogy." But what if I just refuse to learn Windows 10? What then?  
My working title was "Debt in Venice." 
Jonson on Texans and the Alamo: "One battle with Spaniards and they NEVER stop talking about it!" Marlowe coughing "Armada!"  
Whenever he hears a paper on More's Utopia, Donne is suddenly *very* attentive and suspicious.    
Brought Donne to  to explain the hard words to me. Theory makes me long for a nice talk with some groundlings.  
Hard choice this morning at  go to  or have two Bloody Marys. Went to  with Bloody Mary in each hand. Success. 
Lorelei_Bowman Take a nap, child. 
Donne began his Saturday at  with a Bloody Mary and a bacon-and-egg sandwich he calls a"Tyrannical Henry." 
Asked for the thousandth time if this is my "first time in Austin," I hear myself saying, "That's private between me and Jane."  
Was a bit nervous when I heard "Ro. Greene" was President of  , but this RolandGreene is a brave gentleman. 
Just for laughs, Marlowe and I go to the  book exhibit and pitch editors a single-author monograph about Beaumont. 
At  Need Jonson to fill me in on "Mad Men." He evidently maintains his own blog about it.  
A Midsummer Night's Dream: or, How Jackasses Do So Well With Ladies 
Shakespeare Err, that's  
My plans for  today: breakfast, interview,   heavy drinking. That's not the chronological order. 
richardmpreiss Nay, sir. I also have a letter of recommendation from Jonson. And *that* is the real problem. 
broderham Never fitteth the job ad, alas. 
NemesisDuJour Perhaps if thou dost consult a family tree. *facepalm* 
God's wounds! I have a surprise  interview this morning! Oxford hath been applying for jobs under my name again. 
Marlowe hath built some kind of alchemical still in our hotel suite. I am beginning to think that does not really have a cold. 
Donne's  pickup line: "Do you believe in Utopia? My family invented it." 
Marlowe's T-shirt reads JACKE KNOWETH ME.  
Evening in Austin,  - Donne rocking long hair, earring, some form of electrified lute. His T-shirt reads THOU DOST NOT KNOWE JACKE. 
eoin_price JasmineLellock Exhaust_Fumes Oh, I think the other shoe has dropped for Francis by now.  
Had to get Marlowe away from aarontpratt before there was a demonstration of "stab-stitching."  
JasmineLellock Exhaust_Fumes Nay. Marlowe is answering questions about magic. 
Hmm. At  I can go to  which is about me, or  about witty ladies. Witty ladies, of course. I can meet *me* any time. 
Trying to choose a code word to avoid Wordsworth at  Marlowe proposes shouting "Here comes that bloody fool Wordsworth!" 
Milton sits in the back of  panels about himself, with his arms folded, scowling. Jonson sits writing out long "questions."  
Bottom the Weaver is now available as a life coach. 
First MLA16 panel: Early Modern Animals, Plants, and the Environment. Donne: "Perfect for us, Ben. I am an animal and thou a vegetable." 
ShookUpShakes rosemarybranch Certes! 
embeeshea Shall I see thee at tea-time? 
Jonson talks all through breakfast about how many  interviews he hath. The breakfast burrito doesn't slow him down a whit. 
Meeting Spenser for breakfast. One of my key strategies for  is to keep Ned away from any Celtic literature panels. 
Had to pop by NDLibraries to see mine exhibit. Slipped in disguised as Professor Peter Holland. shakespeareatnd 
Our first night in Austin. Marlowe insists buying a small amount of cold medication from every druggist in town. Seems harmless enough. 
At  Brought Milton, Donne, Jonson, and Marlowe with me. I think that counts as keeping Austin weird. 
gracietalking Although I'm pretty sure we could get that one annulled. 
Twelfth Night: great night to marry the wrong person by accident. Basically, if he's not wearing yellow stockings, say "I do." 
Romeo and Juliet, silver lining edition: Benvolio is still available. 
Dost know why Marlowe really got stabbed in that tavern? He spoiled Book IV of The Faerie Queene, three years early. 
On the road to  -- it turns out "Austin Texas" is a place and not a person. 
Frezeal33 Well I don't bother hating thee. I just think thou art a little boring. 
Second-best tries harder.  
I am turning Titus Andronicus into an American-style Western. I call it "Lefty." 
Yea, verily, they called me "The Swan." For I made even my hardest labours seem like unto an effortless glide. 
SamNobleMuseum So thou art displaying me and some dinosaur bones? I feel so old ... 
My book tour has taken me to the fabled Oklahoma. I expect to see dance integrated into story-telling.  
Spenser trying to give GRRMspeaking advice about finishing writing projects. Me delicately trying to change the subject. 
Matt_Baxter_ For the sequel, I was going burn down London. 
In other news, I have totally blown my deadline for Henry VIII, Part 2. 
Culturebox 'Tis true. I am money, baby. 
Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground.   
Eh nonne nonne  
I agreed to do a book tour of the globe this year. I thought they just meant the Globe. So, a bit more travel than I'd thought. 
SRSRenSoc avoiding_bears Alas, it hath too much gravitas too float. 
avoiding_bears Thou dost know Ben has pitched all these, yes? And a board game called "Royal Monopoly." 
Mayhap I reveled overmuch last night. I woke up underneath a church in Warwickshire. 
Come see me in New York: FilmForumNYC: Orson Welles long-unseen masterpiece CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT opens Friday. 
There is no hangover like a Ben Jonson hangover, because a hungover Ben Jonson doth not stop. 
Every midnight at  I shout for delight and good company. Then, a bit later, I remember how many years I've been dead. 
Donne is getting me into the best  party: lute music, roast goose, and witty brunettes. Tonight shall I party like it's 1598. 
Meet me for New Year's Eve and we will hear the chimes at midnight. 
Dost think I get a lot of press now? Just wait for 2016. 
NYO_GB Verily I have. My  for the New Year is "More lute, less eye of newt." 
Don't listen to any ghosts.   
The Duc of Guise  
Get engaged by Act Five.  
Gentlemen (and ye rogues too), heed mine advice: thou wilt be much happier if 'tis the shrew who tames thee. 
Which project should I work on in 2016? 
When I write "Sing hey nonny nonny," I mean "Sing [Lyric I will get around to writing later]." 
People do keep giving me these "Shakespearean-Insult-a-Day" calendars. Like a slow, relentless reproach for mine unkind tongue. 
 in 1594 we did Comedy of Errors for a bunch of law students, whose arrangements more than lived up to our title. 
Hamlet Christmas shopping is bad enough. Watching him decide which gifts to return is beyond painful. 
At Christmas I no more desire a rose Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled mirth.   
If a pound of flesh were really worth 3000 ducats, Falstaff would be the richest man in Europe. 
Spenser is over for Boxing Day tea. I can never manage much small talk in that stanza form of his. 
If a night on Darillium is that long, we should beget another Hercules.  
adhaardesai They cannot possibly pay thee well enough. 
adhaardesai Doest thou mean that thou hast not heard of Henry Chettle? Many thanks, good sir. That is thy Christmas gift to me, 
For Christmas, Ben Jonson gave me one left glove and the Complete Edited Works of Henry Chettle. Well played. 
Enjoying figgy pudding with the Dark Lady. Write thine own punch line. 
And Happy Christmas to all my Puritan friends. 
Dogberry wishes you a happy Winter Solace as you salivate this Feast of the Proclivity.  
... but when they seldom come, they wished-for come ... like holidays and family visitors. Happy Christmas to thee and thine. 
Christmas Eve: When dyslexic Faustus sells his soul. 
Holofernes has made his Christmas wish. He wants you all to start pronouncing the "b" in "debt" and "doubt." 
MrLightborn I think our word for that was "the monarchy." 
Never wrote a Christmas play. 'Twas counted blasphemy to show Christ on stage. So I had to settle for Twelfth Night. 
It's beginning to look a lot like ... well, Michaelmas. Not what I was expecting. 
queenoodle How about writing a little prose and letting Louis_Tomlinson survive? 
More Shakespearean Christmas Carols from GoodTickleBrain 
Ben Jonson has begun celebrating  That man can air grievances like no one else who has ever lived. 
Out shopping with the Earl of Oxford's credit cards. 
"Of arms and the man I sing."    
To be or not to be, that the question is.   
The Dark Lady is singing silly Christmas carols, off key. She forgets half the words. And, Heaven save me, it's adorable. 
They tell me 'tis time to replace my phone. But 'twas made in 1508 by Aldus Manutius himself.  
My dearest Lin_Manuel : Didst thou say  ? I hear Jefferson hath brought Laertes along from France. 
AviWoolf Sure. Who didn't grow up reading "Triplici Nodo" over and over again? 
J K Rowling jk_rowling) and King James I: 1 Big houses in Scotland 2 Wrote a surprising amount about witches 3 Never in the same room 
Ah, darling Jo. Thou dost gladden mine heart. jk_rowling 
If thou see'st a jolly fat man with a white beard who smells like herrings and sack, that is NOT Father Christmas. Do NOT sit on his lap! 
alckwd Ask Marlowe, monsieur. He wrote Faustus, not I. 
mishellbaker Living ye dreame, child. 
Dickens wrote my favorite Christmas story. 'Tis called "English Writer Makes Lots and Lots of Money and Show Runs Forever." 
What should I give my Rival Poet for Christmas? 
How did I become known as "The Bard," you ask? It took a very long time, because of the old ADamp;D rulebook. But I have lots of hit points. 
In an arbour we will eat a last year's pippin of mine own grafting, with a dish of caraways.   
LearningPlaces Laprofmme Who is supposed to be Cressida in this scenario? The Wookie? 
What people apparently took away from Hamlet is that hesitating before killing people is somehow bad. Not the best moral, really. 
In other news, Spenser is hiring J. J. Abrams to finish Book VII of The Faerie Queene. 
ClearShakes ShakespeareArg Well, they are quoting from a garbled text from 1599, printed by Jaggard. 
ShakespeareArg Yes. As I was saying, most of "The Passionate Pilgrim" is not by me. 
ShakespeareArg Err, Marlowe, actually. 
MantisMatsuri If thou more murmur'st, I will rend an oak And peg thee in his knotty entrails till Thou hast howled away 12 winters.  
TerrordactylYOU LeVostreGC Nay. The translation is more like, "embrace the hate that obliquely pertains to thee." 
Prospero is even more happy about  now that he's seen it. And he will imprison anyone who spreads  in a tree. 
boodjaboodja He drank his body weight in sack every day. That's Falstaff's body weight. 
literasyme roaringgirle richardmpreiss ZacharyLesser Laura_Estill lucycmunro swallowsong paulmenzer doctorcleveland Aroint thee! 
The Force calleth to thee ... Britomart. 
I hated it when people spread spoilers for Henry V before it came out. Looking at thee, Holinshed. 
246Theater Only witches say things like that. 
My Christmas List: Books Theatre Tickets More Books Madrigals Tamburlaine Original Cast Album The Countess of Pembroke's digits Silk Hose 
My newest invention is the "Iago lie detector." You hook Iago to it and ask him questions. Basically, it only has to give one answer. 
How to cook Christmas goose: 1 Collect wood 2 Build fire 3 Raise gosling into goose and kill it (mayhap that's step 1) Only 47 tweets to go! 
Marlowe_Society Thou hast always been a blaspheming rogue. 
Happy birthday, Jane Austen! I wish thee joy in excess, without propriety or moderation. Drunk_Austen 
lucekel ElectricLit They should pay thee much more than that to read their craft book. I would hold out for at least a thousand pounds. 
Hamlet64 Because thou hast Jack Cade's voice in thy head? If so, seek help, quickly. 
Why the devil is London so warm? By this point in December, I should already be walking across the Thames. 
Hmm. Prospero just said, "This side of darkness I acknowledge mine." Perhaps *I* should go to a remote island until he's sorted himself out. 
stephenfry carrieffisher At last, the long-awaited sequel to "When Harry Met Sally!" 
Also, Ben Jonson keeps asking me to revive his ill-fated Christmas Masque of the Wookies. 
Prospero is wandering about with his sword, insisting on being called "Prosper-wan Kenobi."  can't open soon enough. 
lebfj Can she see the future? Check. Has she been defeated? Check. Does she have her own theme music? (She always should.) 
junosivan Blame not me, child. I was just making money and getting famous. The whole classroom jive was someone else's idea. 
I always knew what I would get for Christmas. Gloves. 
Most likely to be a Lord of the Sith? 
Spoilers: Richard III not a Lord of the Sith. But Queen Margaret totally is. 
mrrajatkapoor Nor wert thou set on fire thyself.  
246Theater Thou smellest what Shakespeare doth cook. 
I must admit that for a bloke nicknamed "The Swan," I can be quite chatty. 
Thou hast never seen post-Chanukah letdown until thou hast seen Shylock eating cold latkes for breakfast alone. 
Dost enjoy these tweets? This is me writing with nothing but my left thumb. 
'Tis St. Lucy's Day, when the sun goes down early and John Donne insists upon bumming me out. 
Night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day Stands tiptoe on the misty mountaintops.   
My first title for Othello was "You Bet Your Handkerchief."  
dy_lord There are no "Problem Plays." There are only Problem Critics. 
And then I said, "No Dickens, remember the rules. Christmas is the one time ghosts CAN'T appear." Shows what the rules are worth. 
What I loved best about performing at Christmas was showing off our grisliest special effects for Queen Elizabeth. 
Christmas shows keep non-profit theatres from having to close their doors. Enjoy a play at Yuletide and keep theatre alive all year round. 
Much Ado About Nutmeg  
The Merry Wines of Winter  
Or, you know, "Twelfth Night."  The_Globe 
 BooksnPictures VictoriaParkBks talesonmoonlane newsfromnowhere BrickLaneBooks HerneHillBooks LandRBookshop booksellercrow 
RileyZuccarello Speak the speech, I pray you. You can only memorize it properly by saying it, over and over. 
Nay, I can never stay wroth with Milton. To me, he will always be the 7-year-old he was when I died. JohnDosPassos2 AganCam SummiPoetae 
Marlowe_Society I told thee that. 
Marlowe_Society I recall a huge anniversary-of-thy-demise celebration in 1993, dearest Kit. Although it was mainly just me down the pub. 
There will be a huge fuss next year over how long I've been dead: 
SStaatz If you wanted to be ruled by the King of England, we could have spared a lot of spilled tea and general bother. 
aModernDandy It needs no poll come from the 'net to tell me that. 
Which of my characters should enter the American election next? 
After the thousand ships, and Troy's topless towers burning, Helen's sister Clytemnestra realized she'd never get an amicable divorce. 
Happy birthday, Sir Kenneth Branagh! I'd like to say that I can't wait to do a scene with thee, but I hope to wait decades yet. 
koltonkardash Thy life is a comedy, boy. Whether you are laughed with, or laughed at, is in your own hands. 
What Falstaff wants for Christmas: Sack Sack Sugar Sack Mistress Ford Mistress Page Pickled anchovies Sack 
c_perry I retreat thy cheesy pun. This thing of Catskills-ness I acknowledge mine. 
I just cannot find a publisher for my scholarly monograph on Thomas Dekker. 
c_perry genghiskuhn Exhaust_Fumes And how did Herrick do on the job market, then? 
genghiskuhn Exhaust_Fumes c_perry Francis Beaumont will never get thee a job, baby. Who is thy daddy? 
Exhaust_Fumes c_perry "In William Shakespeare's Army." Not such a bad title, eh? 
Happy birthday, John Milton! I got thee an expensive painting, some classic silent films, and a lovely photo album! SummiPoetae 
angelineebosnak Don't be daft. A nice bit of after play and a cuddle might be anti-climactic, but it beats killing yourself in a crypt. 
Sometimes you just need to take a deep breath, look people straight in the eye, and blame everything on "careless printers." 
fuegodrrrago Methinks I am not thy problem here. 
Everybody dance the Isabella! *Stands in one place, pursing lips and shaking head disapprovingly* 
Having my yearly stroll in Central Park with a fellow Englishman. Happy Christmas, John. 
Happy birthday to Mary, Queen of Scots! Please, please don't hurt anybody. 
Benvolio has asked if anyone who voted for "Benvolio in Love" in the last poll would like to be, err, "cast as co-star."  
What dost thou call it when Kit Marlowe goes to a tavern and gets beaten with blunt instruments? A happy ending. 
Helping Spenser with his Faerie Queene  special: Eight Crazy Knights. 
ConstellationBo Thou art sending wine to improve verses I wrote in 1611? If thou dost insist, I shall happily drink for free. 
Best potential for a sequel? 
LeVostreGC "Ours is the city of Hector's right foot. And the city of Hector's left foot, to speak sooth." 
Ban, Ban, Ca-Caliban! Has a new master,get a new man! Freedom, high-day! High-day, freedom!   
My working title for Romeo and Juliet was "Rosaline's Lucky Escape." 
Will Kemp keeps giving me suggestions for tweets. Mostly they involve making funny faces and throwing my shoe. 
Exhaust_Fumes Do not tempt me to give you a nickname, lady. 
No, "Swan of Avon" is not the most imposing nickname. But it beats "The Stuffed Capon of Smithfield" or "The Goose of Golders Green." 
Jesselansner SirPatStew I am talking to fools and gulls. History is not their strong suit. 
Art thou upset that all the actors in The Wiz are black? I promise there will always be a white actor in Othello. Iago. 
Beatrice: because who wants to be a Claudio? 
Mymai_lg Then they're all Claudios, dear child. 
Beatrice: because being called on your nonsense can be improbably sexy. 
MmeBahorel For this, I refer thee to mine esteemed teaching assistant, ZacharyLesser 
 BelgraviaB BrickLaneBooks LRBbookshop NewhamBookshop Foyles stmarksbookshop StokeyBookshop farleys 
ShakespeareGeek Yea. Verily. 
Children of the world, blame not me. I did everything in my power to make my plays unsuitable for classroom use. 
siobhanosborne So thou wishest to watch actors, and somehow this is my fault? If thou dost not like writing essays, go bug Francis Bacon. 
Every Thursday is Throwback Thursday when your dad's ghost won't leave you alone. 
LionelArtomG Nay. That's funny. 
Fort-in-bras is com-ing ... to tooowwwnnn! Why is no one else singing? 
If you can't get the tragic mood back after a clown scene, your play was never that much of a tragedy.  
For a good time, call Rosaline. She knoweth many jokes. 
Moral of Richard III: a limping foot is no handicap, but limping verse is a disgrace. 
This  please remember the arts. 
werdkilam Oh well, then. I'll just have to carry on being world famous and not knowing who the hell thou art. 
Medea is out to get thee? Horrors! The blood runs chill to hear it. No? It's "the media"? Oh, please. Thou hast no idea what trouble is. 
Currently doing an arrangement of Adele's "Hello" for three voices on a heath. "Hail! Hail! Hail!" 
Special  tip: being Thane of Glamis and Thane of Cawdor is more than enough. Relax! 
happy_carlie Blame me not. I did not cast thee. And if thou canst not learn thy lines, thou canst always become a clown. 
To help me fasten my cross garters, swipe left. To help me unfasten my cross garters, swipe right. 
Lhdc_xo Haileyyy_N darlingbesitos Join the back of the line, boy. I'm already juggling a messy love triangle and a wife back home. 
'Tis the first Sunday of Advent! 'Twas once the deadline for marrying my fiance because, as in Scripture, the child's birth was nigh. 
...as the icy fang And churlish chiding of the winter's wind Which when it bites and blows upon my body   
LeVostreGC When thou art right, thou art right. So I do the same thing.  
Anne and I got our marriage license, 433 years ago today, because 'TWAS NOT YET CHRISTMAS SEASON.  
LeVostreGC Thou always hast the best ideas. 
Art thou an independent bookstore that sellest through mail and Internet? Art thou not Amazon? Tweet me and I shall retweet thee. 
Nay, I have joined Instagram already. I joined in 1605. My first picture should finish uploading between 75 and 80 years from now. 
Someone else has gotten Anne Hathaway pregnant AND I'm missing my favourite handkerchief.  
How to celebrate my wedding anniversary, Marlowe_Society? The usual. Buying my wife a second-best coverlet and some second-best sheets. 
Ann Hathaway is pregnant? I feel like I'm eighteen again! 
"Black Friday"? I thought they were saying "Black Friars Day". So disappointed now. 
When does Yuletide begin? The Church of England says the first day of Advent. I say when Dickens starts making his Christmas money. 
Falstaff's Thanksgiving Day attempt to seduce Priscilla Alden ended with, "Why not ask for someone else, John?" 
Thank ye, archaeologists, for reopening my kitchen in time for the holidays. Cakes with our ale! 
gnorth This s best for everyone. 
Falstaff has now been told to stay out of Massachusetts, upon pain of being in Massachusetts. 
Around this time every Thanksgiving, Falstaff unveils his plan to seduce Mistress Alden AND Mistress Bradford. 
The moral of my English history plays: aren't figureheads better? 
Today is the day Falstaff pretends to be a Plymouth Colony Puritan. Just to get the lunch,really.  
English Puritans did not believe in Purgatory. Then they went to Massachusetts. 
Oh, Americans. "Cape Cod" sounds like just the place for a delicious dinner. Was Mount Potato already booked?  
hskywilson Hast ever heard a 49-line monologue by a fourteen-year-old boy? Thou wouldst never write a second one. 
Shakespeare Or rather,  Autocorrect is worse than a drunken Elizabethan printer. 
If I had just set the storm scene in Lear a few months later, presto! Instant holiday classic.  
Which is better? 
aisb23 Stoppard does talk a good deal of rubbish. 
My first title for Romeo and Juliet was "Marriage Italian Style." 
Richard III was much better with a lead actor who was really named Dick. 
CatnipIceCream Perhaps someplace named after a flavorless fish? 
If only there were someplace these tedious Puritans would go off to by themselves. Perhaps someplace wintry and full of bogs. 
SGUYBRAY Oh, come. Who wouldn't enjoy spending a night in Fluellen's Arms? 
It's not making up new words. It's being cool enough that everyone else starts saying them. 
To thine own self be true, or - trust me - thou wilt never be able to keep thy stories straight. 
Montxro If not for me, thy weekend schoolwork would be in Latin. So, thou art welcome. 
lorelei_bowman Who said Romeo and Juliet is about love, child? 'Tis a complicated ethnic joke about the Italians. 
LeVostreGC Ah! That maketh many mysteries clear. 
LeVostreGC Hath he ever told thee his real name? 
Dost know the Gawain Poet, LeVostreGC ? He oweth me 10, and now promiseth to repay me in kisses and ladies' wear. 
LeVostreGC But of course, I had Don Armado say it. 
Let the sky rain potatoes! Let it thunder to the tune of 'Greensleeves'!   
What dost thou think of the claims that someone else wrote my plays? 
Even Falstaff looks great in his profile picture. 
Life is too short and too sad to do without poetry. If thou speak'st nothing but prose, 'tis all like some Ibsen play. 
Husbands misbehaves so atrociously that wife seems like a statue for the next, oh, sixteen years. Doesn't take any magic. 
 B4Shakes RenaissanceNews ThePaperStage BirkbeckEMS ShakespeareMovs SHXGallaudet CTRepTheatre BadQuartoPlays englandhistory 
Those who forget history are thrilled by the twists and surprises in my plays. 
I hear Andrew Lloyd Webber has actually gone to the House of Lords to vote. I'd no idea his writer's block was so bad. 
Bless the guild halls and inn yards, the colleges, country houses and town greens. Bless everyplace English actors thrive.  
Bless the Red Bull, the Phoenix, the Cockpit, the Hope, Whitefriars, St Paul's, the Bell, the Bull, and the Cross Keys.  
Bless the Blackfriars and bless the Globe. Bless the Curtain, the Theatre, the Swan, the Fortune, and the Rose.  
All the world's a stage, indeed, but so many people need acting lessons. 
I used to love the smell of the groundlings just before a performance. Sweat, garlic and hazelnuts are my madeleine.  
'Tis  If thou lowest not theatre, go back to bed, and let's meet as seldom as we can. 
Happy Accession Day, O Queen! Sorry the love life's still not sorted. 
My first title for Titus Andronicus was "Single-Handed Revenge." 
The only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a mob of good guys with pikes. 
On the other hand, my PoundOfFlesh dating app is going great guns.  
Oddly, my dating site has not had much success. 
realtarleton Indeed, sir. But for that option I need no poll. 
Thanks for voting in my poll. This morning the Dark Lady looks smug but the Fair Youth is in an epic pout. This "democracy" has drawbacks. 
My wife back in Stratford was an honest Englishwoman, and - alas! - she cooked like one. 
My thoughts and wishes bend again toward France.   
'Tis not who won my Dark Lady/Fair Youth poll. 'Tis that someone won 69 percent. Just behave.   
At last, this modern verse King Charles the Third, Attends the iambs of our English word. KingCharles3 
Let us review: 1. There will still be cakes and ale. 2. Thou art not virtuous. 3. That smell, worse than weeds, is thee. 
Things I have learned: never, ever make Moliere angry. 
I could not be prouder of Shakespeare_Co today. They have done my name prouder, indeed, than I have done myself. 
For years, I let a room in London from a family of French refugees, the Mountjoys. And I loved them well.  
If thou lov'st not Paris, thou lov'st not life. But the rest of us do. Throw thy mistempered weapons to the ground. 
LeVostreGC My thanks, Master Chaucer. Thou hast always been Ye Fathere of Funnye. 
How shall I spend my weekend? 
realtarleton JohnDosPassos2 theregentking And wert thou?  
realtarleton JohnDosPassos2 Why didst leave her, then? Florizell thou art not. 
We all used to say that Thomas Watson was the best poet, because he could write in Latin, and also because he might kill you. 
JohnDosPassos2 Ask realtarleton about my Perdita. 
realtarleton Decide for thyself, naughty youth. 
realtarleton The musical about thee is less a Broadway thing than a Times Square thing. The old, filthy Times Square thing. 
shaxsis Thou art most welcome. 
 DurhamMEMSA LudlowShake shaxsis LoneStarFolio shakes400chi ShakesRepublic shakesreview Poly_Olbion JNRJournal harlemshakes13 
No John Dowland, no William Byrd, no lute music at all. This "Songs of the 90s" station is the worst.  
A sad tale's best for winter. But 'tis not winter yet, so I may have a few funny tales left. 
England in November. Don't know how I used to manage before curry. 
nolamaygarden Yes, but don't let Wilfred hear thee say that. 
mishellbaker A bit of polling error, a bit of Darwinian selection. Like American politics. 
ElRapid1 Well, with the other answer there isn't much "from this point on." "Not to be" is a one-time move. 
That is the question: 
Autocorrect: like a Dogberry in thy pocket. 
Being an adult means learning to tell the Pistols from the Fluellens.   
No greater honor than visiting a veteran's cemetery with Philip Sidney and Wilfred Owen. Wishing thee peace on   
Just me, the Fair Youth, and the Dark Lady under a blanket on the couch, sharing popcorn and watching the Beeb.  
My biographers know not what I was doing throughout much of my twenties. Thank God there was no Instagram then. 
paper_mermaid NYUcostume metmuseum God, that man was a clothes horse. 
That time of year thou may'st in me behold, When yellow leaves, or none, or few .... oh, just bring me a sweater already. 
If thy father approves of thy boyfriend, run! Thou art not in a comedy! 
trashlana Thou know'st that our schoolmaster used to beat us with a cane, yes? His ghost is available to come sort thee out. 
fartica_ericunt Please. Thou couldst not get even a kiss from them. If thou hadst not noticed, they are both doing better than thee. 
You should have seen Falstaff's face the first time he heard the phrase "gravy boat." Then soooo disappointed. 
... Shall ne'er go by, From this day until the ending of the world, But we in it will be remembered.   
Things I learned writing Macbeth: almost nothing is as frightening at the matinee. 
Oh, please. When Burbage demanded a special kind of spring water, we actually had to travel to the spring. Sometimes in France. 
c_perry FlaviaFescue Indeed, good sir, Lord Edward was full of corn. 
No, saying Macbeth's name is not a problem. Never was. It was the King's mother that you didn't dare to mention. 
 UGAEnglish GeneseoEnglish OxfordEEBOTCP NewberryLibrary TheHuntington BSAShakespeare britishlibrary 
AndrewHoyMades I think that was Bacon. 
In other news, the Earl of Oxford built Stonehenge. 
If you don't want your daughter dating Montagues, maybe don't let everyone wearing a mask into your parties. 
Listen, Americans: I have hoarded grain. That is not how one does it.  
If I see thee wearing a  mask, I presume thou hast come to kill me. (Thou art too late, of course, but still.) 
Nothing better than a rich, complicated villain. Evil people are also people.   
spending the rest of my day with Seneca and a nice cup of herbal tea. Trust me: you don't want Seneca having actual caffeine. 
rhepstein1 Christmas decorations already? Ye gods. I expected better from thee, Epstein. 
scheggia32 CasaLettori Is that mine Ophelia? 'Tis always a bit ominous to see her near the river. 
The first week of November can be such a letdown when you're a ghost. After Halloween, no one calls. 
 Who goes there? 
Fairy_Ess Why dost thou think anything is off limits to English poetry? What this world holds, my poems may sing. 
My original title for As You Like It was There! Happy Now? 
mightyjim "And fell 'mong blasted prairie tumbleweeds." Evidently so. 
Rewriting Macbeth as a Hollywood Western. Calling it "Thane." 
 Your twin brother's in town. 
rach_williams17 So, thou art a slow reader AND thou art clumsy? Better luck, child. 
Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can't tweet a sonnet, So this tripe has to do. 
I appreciate thy prayers this 1 November. We all do. But the name "All Saints" always makes me think of a party that won't be much fun. 
Sir IanMcKellen saith to enjoy me in live performance but not to read my words. Just my advice about him. 
Art thou some god, some angel, or some devil, That makest my blood cold and my hair to stare?   
Thou know'st a party was fun when everyone has to change the clock the next morning. Or, a crime is being concealed.  
I have arrived at  alas, too late for supper. And these scholars seemly strangely transfigured. Hath Faustus been at work here? 
A  writing lesson from Macbeth: Witches are spooky. But real historical figures are bloody terrifying.  
I wear mine own clothes on  If asked about costumes I say I am dressed as a Jesuit in disguise. Milton is terrified. 
Those Guy Fawkes  masks look quite disturbing if you've actually met the man. 
Once more toward  with a map from the Virginia colonies. But I do hope Staunton is near Jamestown. That's all my map shows. 
The tragedy of Lear's Fool: stuck with his first manager much too long. 
Awoke farther from  than ever. "West Viriginia" seems not to be in Viriginia at all. Never buying another map from Raleigh. 
Still seeking my way to  - can't find an inn with ostlers for mine horse. Once "pet fees" come up, the discussion is hopeless. 
Lessons from my comedies: When 'tis true love, it matters not whether she dress as a woman or a man. 
A word in thine ear, ProQuest. Tis not wise to provoke a large, unusually clever rabble the week before Guy Fawkes.   
Can't believe bloody ProQuest canceled mine  subscription. It's not like the news agent will sell me any Nashe or Kyd.  
A conjunction of Venus, Mars, AND Jupiter? 'Tis too kinky even for Ovid. 
Tip: all the best Halloween candy is going in the lead casket. 
lebfj How not, lady? If only I could find my way. 
Trying to find Staunton, Virginia while the locals run the old "Where do I set my horse?"/"In the mire" bit on me.  
One or two clowns and thou hast a tragedy. Two to five clowns and thou hast a comedy. More than six clowns is a consulting firm. 
I would love to write the Tragedy of King Richard IV. Just give me a chance, England. 
If you make Ophelia angry, she just keeps giving you flowers until one finally triggers an allergy. 
Here is how I beat the Monday blues. I avoid Anthony Munday. That fellow is always bringing me down.  
Same  costume again this year: Hamlet's dad. 
Wouldst thou like a little touch of Harry in the night? Methinks it can be arranged.  
In the queue to get Lisa Jardine's autograph. Bacon and Erasmus both keep jostling me.  
We few, we happy few. And they many, many unfortunate.  
The French have been waiting to parade Henry V captive in chains for exactly 600 years and a day.  
I love France so well I will not part with a village of it.   
What didst thou get me as a St Crispin's Day present? Thou canst not say that thou hast forgot.  
Constaniful Go back to Scotland and please, please try not to kill thy second husband. 
Ah, 'tis Maureen O'Hara indeed. Speak to me no more of dark ladies for a space. I am in Heaven with a redhead. 
My best advice when family drama gets too intense? Just go away and be Queen of France for a bit. 
Nay, Loves Labours Won was not a sequel. 'Twas the title of my unpublished memoir. 
NemesisDuJour Verily, lady, thou hast me there. Be "Massachusetts" a person or a place? 
I love London in October, when it's just cool enough that thou canst not smell thy neighbors' pigs. 
Zombie Julius Caesar was a flop. Turns out he's scarier dead. 
aModernDandy I have not been married since 1616 . The old death-do-us-part clause. 
Is there a  hashtag? Just go to IMDb and search "Anne Hathaway." 
ColoniaHigh These youths all go masked, I see. Have they come to steal Signor Baptista's daughter? 
 macbeth_thefilm Shakespeare_If museoffirefilm BranaghTheatre bardfilm HollowCrownFans mrrajatkapoor 
Yes, fine, it turns out there is no seacoast in Bohemia. Someone might have told me that before I bought the beach house. 
realtarleton 'Tis mostly for tax purposes. 
 I used to be an actor in London. 
Shylock just wrote Mark Antony a mortgage on his ears. This is why I don't do mashups. 
O  I send ye all the best for a marvelous performance. Break many a leg! 
MaevesMomma1 So many, many shades of yellow. 
Malvolio is having his first fall fashion show. Lots and lots of cross-gartering. 
My brother Gilbert always wanted to be mistaken for me, like the twins in Comedy of Errors. My wife could tell us apart. 
Prospero can get  too. He just sits on his island and waits. 
Yes, only a selfish berk would fall for the bed trick. So beautiful women only play the bed trick on selfish berks. Life isn't fair. 
Advice for  - keep thy souped-up DeLorean out of my storm scene. Lear has enough problems. 
I'm going to  because I find "mutabilitie" very threatening. 
I can always ensure that my company's plays have a juicy supporting role just perfect for me.  
mightyjim But there was a handy canal to throw them in. 
I remember when people on Twitter wanted to  because having a black lead was "anti-Venetian." 
This Internet is all very nice. But the Juliet/Paris shippers are driving me mad. 
Speak not to me of college. Look how Doctor Faustus turned out. 
Are we still only talking, sweet lady? Not all of us were raised in a parsonage. 
Does this tote-bag picture make me look fat? 
Drunk_Austen I shall strive to surprise and delight thee. And I shall continue my Labours till I have shown thee five new acts. 
When thou art sober enough to judge, O Drunk_Austen, come up to my writing study. I have five new acts to show thee. 
O fair Drunk_Austen, hast thou drunk-tweeted me again? Tease not these old bones. 
I always know it's October. Poe starts getting media requests. 
Lately I've been getting into the new, out there experimental music: Handel, Telemann, and even a bit of this weird guy named Vivaldi. 
scalzi Erasmus keeps complaining about this, too. So many books, to little time ... 
The wind-shaked surge with high and monstrous mane Seems to cast water on the burning Bear.   
I love Batman. Finally a character who makes Hamlet look well-adjusted. 
Whenever I cannot finish a sonnet I ask, "What would Chaucer do?" Then I write a funny couplet. 
No, Titus will be okay on Iron Chef. It's only a problem when he gets to pick his own ingredients. 
Friday evening is when the rest of us start to get with Falstaff's program.  
Pirates in my plays are always decent blokes, because the pirates in my audience had quick tempers. You do NOT want to see Raleigh angry. 
 MassRenaissance DREditions RenWarwick RenaissanceNews UCLEarlyModXcha EModForum EModernHistRR JNRJournal JEMCStudies  
The honest truth? I wouldn't be caught dead in Westminster Abbey. 
Speak low if you speak love. The rest of us are trying to watch a play. 
One beast. Two backs. No waiting. 
Date Goneril AND Regan  
Have dinner with Titus.  
Remember the witches' prophecy.  
Ask what Iago thinks.  
And they say my Henry VI plays go on too long. My decades of civil war are shorter than thy elections. 
Hail, O provbate - Ted is too nervous to read thy book. But the rest of us read him the parts about how handsome he is until he blushes. 
Every time Lear wants to go out for a stroll, Prospero makes it rain. Childish, really. 
The moral of Hamlet? Never do what a dead person tells you. Remember who told thee that. 
Did  go to Heaven or Hell when he died? Either way, he thinks he's in India.  
I know your schoolwork is vexing. But I will only take so much grief from people whose names I made up.   
Columbus? Who helped Spain build a massive global empire that they could use to fund, say, armadas? Not my favorite, no. 
Get thee to chicagoshakes to see  before MrTeller is arrested for witchcraft. 
Dear Americans: if you still need a  , Falstaff wants you to know he's available. Also, George III is laughing. 
My thanks to all who partake in  Sundays are my gloomiest days, with England's playhouses closed. 
The more I give to thee, the more I have ...   
Philip Sidney says I should have left more hints to identify my Dark Lady. But he also still insists that "leg armor is too much bother." 
It started with a pun. I said "Ann Hath a Way to ..." and the next thing I knew we had three children. 
That time of year thou mayst in me behold ... Is Theatre Season, baby! Worry not about those yellow leaves! 'Tis all good! 
Confidential to Antonio, The Rialto, Venice: have you considered refinancing? 
 BSAShakespeare britishlibrary OUPAcademic OSCTheatre CambShakespeare CambUP_Classics RareBooksOfBod bodleianlibs 
If you can't seduce them in fourteen lines, forget them. Write another poem to someone else.   
Late night telly is basically Sir Toby Belch and Andrew Aguecheek. But you get to turn them off. 
My lute, awake! Perform the last Labour that thou and I shall waste.   
After the end of Hamlet, Horatio has a really tough first week back at college. 
Let's start with banning Ensign Pistol and see how it goes. 
I can spell mine own name, Master Periwigman Pepys. Verily, I can spell mine own name many ways. Canst thou say as much? 
Preach on, Shapiro. Preach on. 
Marlowe_Society Hold on to thy Dutch shillings, Kit. Tonight is on me. 
Marlowe_Society I shall meet thee at any bar thou likest, Kit. But please: let me get the bill. 
Rockinge owte wyth Anne Bulleyn: 
How clever and interesting must thou be for the rest of us to listen to thine endless neuroses? Hamlet is where I set the bar? 
AdamLZucker And really, ON-stage lions are almost never a help. 
First, imagined how my scripts would work as silent movies. Then as radio dramas. Since neither existed, I'd always end up with a play. 
AdamLZucker Never underestimate the old "Leo Ex Machina" trick, youth.   
ilhamlet Nay. Screw thee to the sticking place. 
My first title for "As You Like It" was "Oh, Whatever." 
Lunch with Ben Jonson. Sometimes this lasts until three on the morning, although Ben's done eating by quarter past noon. 
Michaela_b231 English needed more words. I tossed a few into the kitty every now and then. 
All the world's a stage, which means the audience is on stage with thee. It takes a bit to get used to. 
The Prince of Darkness is a gentleman. Modo, he's called, and Mahu.   
If thou must "translate" my plays into simpler English, so be it. But thou wilt not be able print the title of "Coriolanus." 
I'm trying to spin off Shallow and Falstaff into a buddy-detective series: "Crimes at Midnight." 
MaieAiyed "Thy sleep" (thy before consonants, thine before vowels), but I would have gone with "how blessed art thou sleep?" 
I always worked clean. The professors who write my footnotes work blue. 
Yes, I had a comedy ending for Romeo and Juliet. The Nurse played Ye Olde Bed Trick on Paris. My partners preferred Paris to die. 
I'm with Brian Friel, and Brian Friel is with me. 
Unknown5SOSuser Luke5SOS Yea, indeed. John and I were acting partners for nearly my whole career. I remembered him in my will. 
GreenAppleBooks 'Tis my pleasure. 
 prospkbks MaineCoastBooks BookshopSC Powells greenlightbklyn GreenAppleBooks HarvardBooks Grolier_Poetry MacsBacks 
matgutting Thomas Nashe. That scamp. 
realtarleton Well, Marlowe would appreciate someone blocking for him during hand-to-hand. 
Please don't call me "The Bard." But please, call Ben Jonson "The Warlock" and John Milton "The Paladin." They will love it. 
Adding improvisation to your play is wonderful. When a joke doesn't work, the actor gets the blame. 
Lady Mac, via GoodTickleBrain: 
Yes, I shall compare thee to a summer's day. I do not plan on seeing thee for at least eight months. 
Don't tell me that Francis Bacon wrote tanehisicoates too.   
Write like you have no budget for scenery at all.  
Historiann LeVostreGC Somewhere around the second- or third-hundredth statue of me, my natural humility began to erode a bit. 
They give you money for being a genius now? Back in the day, all I was given was incredible talent.   LeVostreGC 
bibliomolly It goes very well, considering that I have been dead for quite a while. 
One of my all-time favorites for  is Marlowe's translation of Ovid: 
I was going to tweet a Coriolanus joke today. But when you joke about Coriolanus on Twitter, he sacks your town. 
Happy Michaelmas, everyone! Enjoy your blackberry pie! (No, that's not a euphemism. Blackberry pie.) 
Catherine Coulter, the beloved Log Lady, has joined us in the rehearsal room. We made her sign a few autographs. 
Yea, salt water flows down the face of  Venus hath married another. 
Actually, the third-, the fourth-, and even the fifth-best bed were pretty fabulous.   
meghunpunnable An actor, child. I am who other people think I am. 
ronn0c Sorry to make thee feel bad but really, thou shouldst not have murdered thy wife. 
CatnipIceCream I call everyone born after 1700 "child." I call people born between 1572 and 1699 "youngster." 
CatnipIceCream Adaptations bother me not, child, and graphic novels are no sillier than opera. They do not pretend to replace my works. 
JoeDramaTurg osfashland Thou dost know Sir Francis Bacon is my attorney, yes? He's supposed to be very good. 
Dost wish to read my plays translated into simpler "modern" speech? Fine. Lovely. Just admit that thou art a sorry little Frenchman. 
KathrynZoerb I have thy back, sweet lady. ianbrogers JemmaAlixLevy ZachBG bencrystal TomDelise ADigitalNative 
So, osfashland is commissioning modern "translations" of my plays., making them the Oregon Sparknotes Festival. 
... though I go alone, Like to a lonely dragon, that his fen Makes fear'd and talk'd of more than seen   
I used to be able to drink in London and find my way home. But these electric lamps hide the stars. 
King Lear is like reality TV, except not as sad. 
Note to Hamlet's Father's Ghost: To be or not to be. JUST PICK ONE. 
Every time I hear that Anne Hathaway has a movie coming out, I feel a twinge of role reversal. 
 macbeth_thefilm RudeTudors ShaxBull ShaxandApp UKShakespeare ShakesWorkshops MagMinerva WhatsOnStage billthefilm 
When  went down I knew just whom to blame: Spenser and his endless cat videos.  
I think this Pope, Pontifex, is the nicest Jesuit I've ever met. But I can't be sure. I don't know how many secret Jesuits I've met. 
The Pope is in the Americans' capital? The American Navy couldn't handle an Armada? 
'Tis the  Titus Andronicus is celebrating by baking Pumpkin Spice Cannibal pies.  
You know, I kept hearing those words as "moves like Jaggard," and wondering if they meant William or Isaac. This way makes more sense. 
Yogi Berra is here. Dogberry, Elbow, Feste, and the rest have embraced him like a brother. 
JudithBenezra Art thou saying that "Shylock" is a nice, typical Jewish name? 
Verily, Ye Pizza Rat is having his day. But I remember his mighty ancestor, Stuffed Michaelmas Goose Rat. Rats were rats in those days. 
maddy_micinski Just a tip, child: most words have more than one letter. 
What do I know? I thought "Shylock" sounded like a nice, typical Jewish name. Happy  
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown because, face it: a crown makes terrible sleepwear. 
I don't believe a word of the  scandal, of course. But now I see why Kermit the Frog challenged him to that duel.  
litknitgrit Dunno. As people never cease to remind me, I didn't go to Oxford myself. 
The name "Piers Gaveston Society" is aspirational. The real Edward II wouldn't touch any of those louts with a dead pig. 
JoeDramaTurg He says he killed two. He got charged with one. 
My first title for Hamlet was going to be "Bad Viking." 
TextuallyTD Oh, look. Slate has discovered lit-crit from the 1880s. How novel and adventurous. 
Some men there are that love not a gaping pig, as Shylock says. And apparently, some men there are who, alas, do. 
Passed over for the  again. How big do I need to be? 
I skipped university and got married. Ben Jonson dropped out of grammar school and killed a bloke. But he's the big intellectual. 
bibliomolly I hear thou hast been asking around about me. 
Now comes in the sweet of the night.   
Prospero missed twelve autumn fashion seasons in a row. Do you know how hard that is on someone from Milan? 
I really love these Pope emojis. But I can't find the one where Henry VIII is using him as a footstool. 
cheeruphamlet And how did that go for thee? 
Always listen to thy father. Unless he's a Capulet, a Montague, a Plantagenet, a Venetian, a Dane, a king or a ghost loosed from Hell. 
 SBTeducation FolgerED FolgerLibrary britishlibrary BSAShakespeare shakesstandard TheHuntington RADA_London bardfilm 
lyn_tribble Thou wouldst make an excellent fool. 
lyn_tribble Let me rephrase. You can die by drowning, but you've got to work for it. 
In my plays, drowning isn't really a thing. But poison in the ear canal is a major danger. 
VeronicaWissing What a coarse and bawdy gibe, young lady. Methinks you are ready for my comedies. connor_nadel Hamlet KingClaudius 
connor_nadel Mess not with fortinbras He has an army and he's not dead. VeronicaWissing Hamlet 
VeronicaWissing You do realize that Gertrude's done that, right? Didn't help especially. connor_nadel Hamlet KingClaudius 
I still remember the year that everyone in London was going for the Walter-Raleigh-muddy-cloak look. 
This season's fashions: lots of velvet, gold brocade, and silk stockings showing off the thigh. Don't know about women's wear yet. 
If the censors ban God from your stage (as blasphemy), just go with lots of ghosts and witches.   
I remember when I got Sir Philip Sidney's autograph. He wrote "Gaze not so at my sister, Warwickshire peasant, or I will stab thee." 
Pretty Ruth and the Woes  
More  dear friends. For I am a patron to all the arts. 
Hounds of War. Thieves of Mercy. The Unkindest Cut. I am just giving solid band names away. 
Goneril and Regan now call themselves  And occasionally they use "team" as a verb. 
batpupy Why am I dead? I read thy mind, and the boredom killed me. 
Francis Bacon never used my name. Instead, he published as "Yi-Fen Chou." 
Every year, Shylock waits to see if Jessica will come home for High Holidays. L'Shana Tovah. 
Everyone asks why it takes Hamlet so long. No one asks why Inigo Montoya somehow can't find a famous nobleman with six bloody fingers. 
JulioNS94 Is it like the feeling of a great hostile Armada sailing toward thy homeland? If so, I am not sorry. 
Stephen Greenblatt loves my language, and uses it to say, "Hark, unruly youths! Get ye hence from my lawn!" 
Cry you mercy, I took you for a joint-stool.   
Here is the moral of Romeo and Juliet: Someone needs to find Juliet's cousin Tybalt a date. Seriously. 
I go not to London until summer is over. And summer is not over until Michaelmas. Look it up. 
When I announced I was writing another Henriad, everyone was worried that the prequels wouldn't be as good. 
 Waterstones Keplers IliadBookshop strandbookstore GreenAppleBooks CityLightsBooks HarvardBooks loganberrybooks BNBuzz 
UGAEnglish But let me give a shout-out to Marlowe_Society and SummiPoetae as well.  
realtarleton How not? That is my Lord Oxford idea of how the simple common folk speak. 
Yea, my Lord of Oxford is happy to take credit for my plays. But will he admit the share he wrote of The Phantom Menace? 
To be, children. Take my word for it.  
Elizabeth I had Kit Marlowe on her secret service. Elizabeth II has James bloody Bond. Amazing the  is as close as it is. 
Elizabeth II has had the  but, to be fair, Elizabeth I had many more people hoping to kill her. 
Playing Othello? Randomly accuse the other person of cheating.  
Do not lose heart. Somewhere there is woman who would LOVE a man in yellow stockings. You might have to search for a bit, though. 
I was never much for allegory. Always seemed to be a Christian poet going on about how wonderful lions are. Read a bit of history, eh? 
"A Late Summer Night's Dream" was going to be much the same, but with more fairy dust. 
Every time people talk about someone "sleeping with the fishes," Caliban gets the guiltiest look on his face. 
I read my horoscope today. It said "Born too early to know better." 
Let the sky rain potatoes.   
LeVostreGC Why did the dragon cross the road? To lay waste to the other side. 
It's technically "One Gentleman of Verona and the Sketchy Friend to Whom He's Inexplicably Loyal." 
If you're not willing to do your acting within spitting distance of the groundlings, you don't have enough confidence in the work. 
So SalmanRushdie has been telling fantastical lies again. Truth is overrated. 
My first title for A Midsummer Night's Dream was "Bottom's Up." 
 PublicTheaterNY NationalTheatre NTWtweets chicagoshakes GoodmanTheatre TheRSC The_Globe UKShakespeare Shakespearesta stratfest 
Here's the mind-blower: those fake AshleyMadison accounts for Mistress Page and Mistress Ford? Also Falstaff. And he still answered them. 
Turns out that 15 of all accounts on AshleyMadison were actually Falstaff. 
Word to thee, O LeVostreGC. Why is "Dungeones and Dragonns" less alliterative than Beowulf? 
PLeahy97 They're a couple? Have you, ah, read that play? 
broderham Both Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay are Hufflepuffs. 
It happens every 2 September: Prospero and Faustus get into a row about who got Sorted into their old Houses. (Ravenclaw/Slytherin, btw) 
If the audience likes the couple, it's comedy. If the audience hates the couple, it's tragedy.  
I assure thee, Ian Fleming hasn't thought one minute about James Bond since he died. His afterlife involves playing baccarat with hussies. 
So the person who writes James Bond because Ian Fleming is dead is now Pronouncing From On High about the "real" Bond? How would he know? 
Oddest_Inkling No, it's a tragedy. Do try to keep up. 
To be fair, everyone said Dick Burbage was too "street" to play Othello. 
If the play is named after thee, thou art probably a goner. If 'tis named after someone else, be not so cocky: he won't die alone. 
Dost thou want to talk about "female armor?" Ask Britomart. But ask her nicely. Very, very nicely. 
Whew.  over at Platform 9 and 3/4. Just in time. 
Wes Craven is great, but he seems a little disappointed. He expected being dead to be creepier. 
Let's review: Fool in love = comedy. Fool in crown = tragedy. 
Ever since Oliver Sacks got here, he's been giving us complicated tests. Something may be terribly wrong with me. 
Management secrets of Henry V: inherit the big job and then kill some people. Not so different from the management secrets of Henry VIII. 
"Look like the innocent flower And be the serpent under it."  
A tankard of ale.  
I like to visit Verona at the end of the summer, when there are no more teenagers in the streets. 
hipster_hels The boy looks not like me. 
The  strike bothers me not. I take a horse-drawn carriage to Stratford, stopping overnight in Oxford at Mistress Davenant's. 
Oh, fine. Now Falstaff is put selling train tickets to tourists.  
Why can't someone just write some good old-fashioned poems about shepherds? 
 UGAEnglish shakespeareatnd SheffieldCEMS CREMS_bham GeneseoEnglish lsenglishdept 
SummerShakes Nay, answer me! Stand and unfold yourself! 
Every tragedy becomes comedy after enough time. Is Macbeth funny yet? 
Petruchio is the son-in-law of my dreams. My terrifying, cold-sweat dreams. 
Best shows I've seen in London: Ned Alleyn in The Spanish Tragedy Jonson's solo reading of Volpone Dick Burbage switching to King in Hamlet 
Let me say seven words to thee: Mary Sidney Herbert Mary Wroth Margaret Cavendish  
Thanks for waiting until opening night to review  
Marlowe_Society Thou hast never appreciated happy endings. 
ShellyMaycock Not famous yet. Not much to tell. 
473 years ago today, my fellow playwright Thomas Dekker died. And to this day, I haven't seen his Shoemaker's Holiday on the telly. Pity. 
No matter how long it takes those monkeys with typewriters to produce Hamlet, they turn out biographies of me pretty fast. 
MKHUIZINGA No Latin classes? Slacker. 
Things I learned reading Ovid: 1) how to turn into a vegetable 2) Narcissus has only 1 fan 3) people like funny, sexy poems the best 
FolgerLibrary Take a page from my Stratford schoolmasters: keep thy senentiae morally improving.  
Tragic heroes are not role models. If thou art acting like Othello, stop right now. 
FolgerLibrary Think better of this, my friends. 
And now my tongue's use to me is no more Than an unstringed viol or a harp.   
Saturday night is all right for sonnets. 
DiamondMone Get thee a grip. 
530 years ago today, Richard III tried to trade his kingdom for a horse. Turned out stock in his kingdom had dropped below "mule." 
RonanFarrell Dost know her name? Nay. Thou must call her "the Dark Lady" because thou still dost not know who she was.  
The lesson of the  hack? Conduct thine affairs in pen and ink. 
The plural is actually "a clabbard of Cumverbatches." 
I never stay in London during August. Tis plague season. 
Nay, Falstaff doth not overeat. That is not where the calories come from. 
If you ask Polonius a question, you deserve the answer you get. 
DaysTheseDays I will ruin any  thou like'st. 
Tragedy, for me, is when the best actress in a generation has his voice change. 
Sometimes I wonder what on Earth young people are reading in school. Then I realize, O God, they've been reading *me.* 
Hercules used to be enslaved by an  He left after a year or two: cross-dressing was the only bit he enjoyed. 
A good heart is the sun and the moon.   
Fancy costumes, not much plot, cheesy moral tacked on at the end: superhero movies are just court masques.  
allytpalm bjb0nd It means I really, really love NOT seeing thee. 
People keep texting me " M A O I" and nothing else. This is why I don't give out my number. 
 MaineCoastBooks PorterSqBooks Powells odysseybks IliadBookshop CityLightsBooks Keplers Grolier_Poetry loganberrybooks 
I stole some of these tweets from Plautus. No one notices if they're in English. 
KeethInk The title didn't give you a hint? 
Some days it feels too hard to be funny. So I kill everyone in Act Five. 
AndersEnsei Thou art right. The compound interest on 5 after 435 years is amazing. I should squeeze him another month or two. 
Moral of Twelfth Night: being mistaken for thy sister can work out very nicely sometimes. 
I want to find the lost Roanoke colonists, too. One of them still owes me five quid. 
Listen, punters: if you keep giving  a hard time, I will send Bumblesneetch to sort you out. 
Of course, that cannabis where my house used to be could belong to anyone who stayed there later ... *cough* Queen Henrietta Maria *cough*. 
I see that you've gotten rid of the kings in your politics but kept the clowns. One out of two, I suppose. 
Yea, truly, cannabis ashes were found in my garden. Now thou knowst why my slacker brother Gilbert ne'er held a job. 
Mad world, mad kings, mad composition!   
I wanted to give Beatrice her own series, "Sex and the City-State." 
Sure, ethnic jokes only get cheap laughs, but let's face it: the Dutch are funny. 
Yes, Falstaff used to be named something else. Then he skipped town and called himself something else. 
 GRShakes RnPPlayers RepercussionMtl LivermoreShakes LeanAndHungry WorldHamlet HatTrickTheatre PAShakespeare MarinShakes 
We never let anyone from The Times into previews in my day: 
_velyssaraptor_ StephenHarakis Gadzooks! I look so *dead.* 
Here is how I avoided dodgy reviews in the newspapers: I died before there were newspapers. 'Tis almost foolproof. 
So, TweetOfGod turned His tweets into a successful play. Perhaps I'm doing this backwards. 
What is wrong with thee, KateMaltby? Don't make us stand at the door keeping reviewers out of previews. 
My "new play" is just an early, discarded version of Othello in which he's really, really racist. 
I changed the ending of King Lear to make it sadder. Before that, it was going to be called "Midnight Picnic." 
Actually, Justice Shallow ALWAYS hears the chimes at midnight. He hath no idea how to mute his phone. 
I love  Scotland is for weird sisters, weird playwrights, and totally lunatic dramaturges. 
shakespearectr Thy boy rtj125 turns half-a-Lear old today. Make much of him ! 
Sometimes thy daughter is getting married in Act Five, and thou feel'st as if she were just born in Act Two.  
Typical coded message from Francis Bacon: MIN WYFE UNDERSTANDETH ME NAT; METE ME AT YE SIGN OF YE BLEW GRIFON? DM MEE WITH LEMON JUICE. 
I once visited Dr John Dee. He offered to summon Vergil's ghost and turn my mustache into gold. I'd only gone to him about a headache. 
seek_cymbeline 'Tis all right, child. Tonight I am abandoning thee for a demon who looks exactly like Helen of Troy. 
Not from the stars do I my judgment pluck, And yet methinks I have astronomy.   
Now that  is dead, we need to protect his cubs from Scar. Does anyone know a meerkat who can really sell a tune?  
Sometimes you kiss the wrong twin and realize that this was the right twin all along. 
Go see my friend Ben Jonson's big comedy hit: 
Jesselansner Well, Kit Marlowe Marlowe_Society) was my original role model. So my judgment may not be the best. 
Yes, Harry Potter shares Juliet's birthday. But when I say "no sequels" I make sure everyone knows I'm serious. 
By your age, Juliet was already famous. Just saying. 
Happy birthday, Juliet. Thy gift will be climbing over the garden wall later tonight. 
I've made up a few words in my time. But I would have never come up with "Cumberbatch." 
joshua_r_eyler Use the polite pronoun when thou speak'st to me. 
joshua_r_eyler Dost thou seek my endorsement for thy politics? Dost recall that my politics are from the 16th century? 
I had to give up astrology. Been a donkey's age since I could see the stars over London. 
Writing is the art of leaving things out. Writing history plays teaches that art.  
Spoilers: Richard III is not still King of England. Work out the rest thyself. 
I saw the first run of The Bachelorette. It starred Elizabeth I, and she turned everyone down flat. It was genius. 
Do you have Hamlet's phone number?  
 Could there be footnotes? 
How much of Othello is autobiographical?  
eam2111 Timon of Athens. No one else seems to like it, so I give it all the love I can. 
lizwadsworth65 Is it not? Opinions vary. 
A biography of me by someone named "B. Johnson." What could go wrong?    
On the other hand, no one dawdles after his *mother's* ghost appears and gives commands. 
MasoomaMalick Dost thou have some problem with improv? 
SidsBooks Don_Share BorisJohnson Like all parliamentary politics, and many of my plays: a tragedy with a clown. 
Dear BorisJohnson : for 499,000 pounds, I will tell thee who my Dark Lady was.   
SilviaGuedes I never read Sir stanley_wells at the beach child. I don't want to get sand between the pages. 
If only Helen Mirren were about 390 years older .... 
I just got offered half a million pounds to write a biography of Boris Johnson. BorisJohnson  
MaevesMomma1 Ah, lady, stephenfry is no man's egg. I call him "The Young Fry of Drollery." 
You egg! Young fry of treachery!   
There is no such thing as small beer. There are only big drinkers. 
Children, children ... Why do you not tweet news of your upcoming performances to me? I cannot retweet them if thou tell'st me not. 
rtj125 Is this metaphor? Or natural history? 
I've tried being. I've tried not being. Definitely go with "to be." 
Friday night is a good night for a play. One of the six or seven best. 
 ShakesOffBway osfashland SCShakesFest calshakes shakespearectr seattleshakes PDXShakespeare IllinoisShakes SantaCruzShakes 
All I could find for beach reading is a heap of murder mysteries, when what I really want is a murther mystery. 
kaitlynxanne The boys and I could do the whole thing in under three hours, child. Take a nap. 
If you were an actor on tour in the 1590s, even the second-best bed sounded pretty good. 
'Tis  Wednesday. Only write fanfic when the author's dead, the book's out of copyright, and thou art the better writer. 
I am drinking with E. L. Doctorow tonight, and we are trading writing stories. I hope he will autograph my copy of Ragtime. 
Hamlet wore black before wearing black was cool. Hamlet read Kierkegaard before Kierkegaard was born. 
Hunchback Dynasty  
I was the first boy in Stratford to read Ronsard. The girls were impressed; they didn't know all my lines came from Ronsard. 
Tips for dealing with Macbeth: 1. Smile 2. Back away slow 3. Get out of Scotland and don't come back without an army 
My horoscope today said that it would be hot and muggy. Apparently that's only true if you're a Taurus. 
It's an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.  
Someone has posted a sign in the woods outside Athens: DONKEY RIDES. 
If Francis Bacon wrote Romeo amp; Juliet, it would go: "Love is of three kinds: the spiritual, the friendly, and the erotic. Now the first ..." 
The real problem with hereditary monarchy: sooner or later somebody has to sleep with the King.  
Here's how it works: Marlowe_Society and I follow LeVostreGC. SummiPoetae and Periwigman follow us. The rest is history. 
luke_myer oddsockstweets Why would I reply to thee? 
I meddle not with politics, but if Athens's economy gets any worse, Bottom will lose his day job and act full time. THOU HAST BEEN WARNED. 
 pragueshakes ShakspereFrance ShakespeareArg globeroma shakespearecomp ShakePlayers GlobeNeuss DBVshakespeare  
Periwigman Ah, but the cross-garnering discreetly interferes with blood circulation. (Anyway, that's what the Harvey brothers said.) 
Sure, Richard III says he's not shaped for amorous pursuits. But you should see him work his game. 
 Frightening to Macbeth 
I always get Harold Bloom and Leopold Bloom mixed up. Then I remember that the plausible-seeming one is fictional. 
DRIVELKEIDO 'Tis two hours of Scottish history, genius. Thou art welcome. 
Wednesday is  day. Always cut at least two quills before thou dost begin, lest thine only pen break while thou art hot. 
Should I get credit for inventing the human? Maybe, maybe not. But I could never have come up with the platypus. 
I celebrated Bastille Day the way Falstaff does: drinking heavily and staying out of France. 
Is this really the best American cricket gets?  
Falstaff is trying to lose weight again. Something about the size of  and its moon bothered him. 
When the Lord shutteth a door, he openeth a window. That is how the burglars enter thy house. 
Both my teenaged daughters thought Juliet was romantic. But Petruchio scared them silly. Mission accomplished. 
When I was alive, the point was NOT to see  up close.  
If you're breaking into her family crypt in the middle of the night, you should think about your relationship choices. 
Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift; Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.   
broderham Nashe lived to get all the playhouses closed in the late 1590s. I never saw him after that. 
Roger Rees played a nice Hamlet. Trust me: I've seen them all. 
The secret to my success in the late 1590s? I didn't die in the early 1590s. Sorry, Kyd, Greene, and Marlowe. Still a big fan. 
Nay, saith the clown. Homie doth not play that. 
Happy birthday, Robert Greene! Good to see that death doesn't keep you from writing. Love, the Upstart Crow. 
I'm going to  dressed as Christopher Marlowe. The head wound looks great.  
Othello spends every Follow Friday the same way: tailing Desdemona. Not really clear on the concept. 
We are all so happy to see Omar Sharif. I have the perfect part for him, and we've been working around him in rehearsals. 
I did not let the  bother me. If I can't be in Westminster Abbey, I don't want to be underneath London at all. 
I loved touring in the summers. It gave me a chance to meet the many different bedbugs of England. 
I was  1598. If Burbage, Pope, Philips, and Heminges all got sick at once, I would have played Romeo. 
I thought I'd found a way around the  But I can't find a single waterman to row me along the Thames. 
If the special effect is going to look cheesy, write a really, really good speech for a messenger instead.  
This July is officially Julius Caesar Month! Of course, if we're being technical, every July is Julius Caesar Month. 
Daily Cartoon: Thursday, July 2nd - The New Yorker h/t John Milton 
Would Prozac solve Hamlet's problems? Dunno. Is it an unmurder-thy-father-make-thy-mum-see-reason-get-to-be-King-now pill? 
Thou should'st be careful calling others compulsive, Periwigman. Thou dost know we can read thy diaries, yes? 
Jesselansner Nay. THAT title was "Birnam Wood Comes." 
I was going to call Macbeth "Thane of Bones." 
Any time Jupiter had a  without transforming himself into a barnyard animal, things are pretty good.  
...a tempest amp; a blustery day. Then with the losers let it sympathize, For nothing can seem foul to those that win.   
I have been enjoying the  of Jupiter and Venus. But not as much as Jupiter has. 
The moral of the American Revolution, for me? Samuel Johnson, wrong again.    
What I learned from the whole  unpleasantness? Just listen to whatever Pitt tells you. Either Pitt.  
 RnPPlayers COShakes AlabamaShakes pc_shakespeare RepercussionMtl CTRepTheatre fteshakes PCAShakes 1623theatre Shakespeare_Co 
George Washington's favorite play? Cato, by Joseph Addison. Glad to see the back of him.  
Happy No More Americans Day! Thou dost need to be polite to Jefferson or Franklin if thou dost not want. 
If it's going to be this hot, I might as well just go to Italy and start some comedy mixups. 
First day at the beach, introducing Ophelia to every lifeguard I can. 
Nay, I am not the Earl of Oxford. I just charge my drinks to his room. 
 Always a bit surprised the Queen isn't a redhead. 
What happens in Windsor, stats in Windsor. It's generally not too exciting. 
Et tu, Goaty?  
O, for a goat of fire!  
Tips for the  Avoid teenaged boys from Verona. At least by daylight. 
I'll take the goat's words for a thousand pound, Horatio.  
Hath not a goat eyes?  
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day, stuck in the sweltering Tube, with strangers' sweat dripping upon me? Yes, a bit.  
conor610 Haters gonna hate. Maltsters gonna malt. 
conor610 Nay. My Stratford neighbors were a plague unto me. 
During a  like this I always tried to get out of London. That way I could be hot, uncomfortable, and a bit bored. 
I can make up any word I like, any time I like. So if I lose at a Scrabble, remember: I let thee win. 
Sure, AnneRiceAuthor will write books and books about how sexy dead people are. But will she answer even one of my texts?  
balletbookworm evilapprentice Verily. Master Chaucer LeVostreGC , doth not read such rubbish. I will read anything. 
 Dost know what we used to call a ruthless paddling on the bum by some cruel, aloof wanker? Latin class.  
 How dost thou make kinky sex so dull? I've had more fun with my wife while she was hundreds of miles away in Warwickshire. 
401 years ago, more or less, we opened the second Globe Playhouse, with a nice, new tile roof. Today's The_Globe is a third draft. 
402 years ago today, my Globe Playhouse burned down. Thatched roofs and fireworks turn out to be a bad combination. 
Can't take Henry V to  He keeps trying to beat up Frenchmen and marry their sisters.  
MacDuff sings the blues: "Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child." 
SJRenProf With long, poetic descriptions of mountains. What else? 
I almost titled Henry V "Tour de France." 
CherylDaviess HollowCrownFans Tell me about it. 
Who could refrain That had a heart to love, and in that heart Courage to make love known?   
mrrajatkapoor Err, yes. I suppose so. 
The moral of my As You Like It? The clothes make the man. 
Who offers a psychic reading to a ghost? Perhaps you should join hands and try to contact the living. 
Jesselansner Not the first actor I've met who believed something daft, child. Burbage believed in astrology. 
Also, do not accept anything Puck tries to give you at  Trust me on this one. 
Thanks to IanMcKellen and Sir Derek for serving as Grand Marshals today. Well done, youngsters.  
Philip Sidney is off to  He uses the bad leg to pick up sympathetic ladies.   
Only at  do yellow stockings cross-gartered kind of work. 
When I was born, we didn't have any of these so-called "freedoms" or "individual rights." What, pray tell, is thine excuse? 
 COShakes TheIowaBard SantaFeShakes sfshakes ohioshakes harlemshakes IllinoisShakes seattleshakes PDXShakespeare chicagoshakes 
Now that the Americans have come around, I can finally give Two Gentlemen of Verona the ending it deserves. 
I grew up under a Queen whose father killed her mother. Then we got a King whose mother killed his father. Not such a big change, really. 
Even I know when Ramadan is. You do NOT want to be caught unprepared when Tamburlaine has a low-blood-sugar moment. 
Puck had taken to the summer rock festival circuit. He likes to switch around people's, ah, herbs and medicines. Be warned. 
Yeah, baby, Midsummer's Eve. A good time to sleep under the moonlight with someone who might turn out to be part animal. 
Trouble in  ? Give it back to Elizabeth I. 'Tis what she has always wanted. 
Finally, a listicle to which my own children can relate. 
The Queen may have to leave  -- and live in one of her other palaces. Can't squeeze a tragedy out of that. 
 Beth. 
 Much Ado About Something That Turns Out Not to Be Anything Just Yet 
 The Painful Sexist Upbringing of the Shrew 
Marlowe_Society Drunk_Austen Oh, fear not for that, Kit. the drinks are on me. 
Drunk_Austen Bring enough wine and Ben Jonson will woo anyone or anything. Thou hast a deal. Marlowe_Society 
Drunk_Austen And also, I see what thou hast done there. 
Drunk_Austen If thou bring'st thy brother, I might persuade Kit to come along. Marlowe_Society 
I dare not compete with Master Dante as a poet. But I will put my Beatrice against his any day. 
My dear Drunk_Austen, could I interest thee in a discreet getaway to Brighton? Thou canst bring thy fast sister, too. 
Ask Master Chaucer: Longest Thou To Go On Summer Pilgrimage? Chaucer Hath Advice : NPR 
Periwigman Indeed, Master Pepys. My plays are set on Earth, and thy London is set on fire. Did I come near thee there? 
pedzz_bd meoswell COShakes My thanks, noble youth! Benedick is always funnier when the air gets thin. 
Yes, my tragedies have comedy on them. Yes, my comedies have tragedy in them. You see, my plays are set on Earth. 
 sundown over Salisbury Plain. Now off to Wilton House to have supper and chat up Philip Sidney's hot sister. 
Every  people at  talk about the old pagan ways. But just turn up painted green and behead yourself. Total panic. 
Bit cloudy at Stonehenge today. But Spenser and Sidney gave given some, ah, Druids a good scare.  
 Hamlet! Good luck with your issues! 
Hey, Master LeVostreGC, we're going to Stonehenge to mess with the tourists. Wilt come? We can make it a pylgrimage. 
As thou know'st, I dislike comparing thee to a summer's day. But I do confess thou art a bit ... sweaty.  
Her husband's to Aleppo gone The master of the Tiger.   
Thou canst no longer sell thy witchcraft on Etsy. Thou shouldst just go to Scotland and busk it.  
Bacon did not write my plays. But beer might have written one or two acts of Merry Wives. 
Some people want my plays to have morals. They don't. So people talk about how *subtle* and *complicated* the morals are. Good to be me. 
broderham Franchising just ruins the experience. 
Oh, Americans. Donald Trump for President? He's a rich buffoon who chases after cheap tarts. That's a KING. 
Marlowe_Society I was not running for office in 1608, Kit. I had a gig, and anyway I hadn't paid my tax in London for years. 
Marlowe_Society I hate to break this to thee, Kit, but we've both been dead considerably longer than 15 years. 
Spenser in Ireland. What could possibly go wrong?  
 Alabama_Shakes Shakespeareand CambShakespeare OSCTheatre alaskashakes GlasgowShakes CantShakeFest OrlandoShakes BrightonShakes 
 Modesty would otherwise forbid ... 
tanehisicoates Get thee off the Mercutio tip, noble youth. It leads not to good places. 
In my day, guns were still a crude and ineffective weapon. Considering some of the people I knew, that was a pretty good thing. 
No, no one says the words "Much Ado About Nothing" in Much Ado About Nothing. Hero says it to Claudio on their honeymoon. 
My favourite places to visit in the summer? The seaside. The lakes. Basically anywhere where there isn't so much bubonic plague. 
 O-Jello 
 Kebab Merchant of Venice 
 Hamburger Hamlet 
weztcoastsmoker I use English, child. I use English all night long, and at daybreak it yearns for more. 
Yes, if thou dost insist, thou art much like a summer's day: I had about sixteen hours of fun and moved on to the next thing. 
Hey I just met thee, And this is madness, But behold, here is my number: Please please please don't be a Montague. 
Periwigman Oh, please. As if Essex could ever win a fight in Ireland. 
Spenser spends  roaming the streets of Dublin. Except he's looking to pick fights. 
 ... all about the fish weirs, really.  
I was actually going to revise Hamlet so it would run about 2 hours and 15 minutes. I just, well, never got around to it. 
Jesselansner Nay, no coincidence at all. A conspiracy, no doubt. 
King John trivia: I wrote the part of Falconbridge the Bastard for myself, but didn't get it. 
perfectlyvague Thank you, dear child. 
bigcmajor I do know that. The_Globe, bless them,me ill do any old rubbish I write. Let me mock myself a bit, child. I've earned it. 
'Tis  Day. When did you last read my King John? When is the last time anyone read my King John?  
Yes, more people are going to die in the  . But I'd have killed them all off at least 72 acts ago.   
What went on during my "lost years" between 1585 and 1592. I was in a band for a while. Tended some bar, worked some day jobs. Bad times. 
I know not where Slovenia may be. But then, I thought Bohemia had a coast. Go   
He hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book. He hath not eat paper, as it were, he hath not drunk ink.  
When I first wrote Romeo and Juliet, the Verona Tourism Board was just enraged. Things have gotten better. 
I mean, my Dark Lady lied, cheated, and spread intimate disease. But she was worlds better than Maud Gonne. What wert thou thinking, Yeats? 
Scotland 1 - Ireland 1. King James might not to pay off his big wager to Hugh O'Neill.  
Ireland ahead of Scotland 1-0. King James not at all pleased: he's apparently bet a large number of Bibles on the match.  
cameronferguson Robbie's birthday is in January, child. Billy Yeats turns 150 today. 
The Scots and Irish are playing each other in the Euro qualifier. I'm pleased one will lose. But Ireland: win it for Yeats!  
Happy birthday, Billy Yeats. Maud Gonne is not nearly good enough for thee.   
Gadzooks! Wales at the Head of Group B! Fluellen is crowing!   
What's Romeo supposed to do? Marry someone from his *own* family? 
Some people on Twitter want to tell me historical facts about my time. I call it "livesplaining." 
 ShakesOffBway chicagoshakes Periwigman CalvinistJohn calshakes MagMinerva shakesstandard TheaterHistory Marlowe_Society 
Ben Jonson was like a younger brother to me. Like the younger brother in King Lear.   
boodjaboodja But SirPatStew wasn't in Ben Jonson's Sejanus. Do try to follow along here. 
I mean, Sejanus. You really, really have to love someone to take a part in Sejanus.   
I acted in Ben Jonson's first hit play, Every Man in His Humour. I even acted in his Sejanus; I loved him that much.  
Jonson considers a duel "self-defense" if the other chap has a longer sword. Which, frankly, most other chaps do.  
Shakespeare Actually, he's 443. But he looks 438. 
Today is Ben Jonson's birthday. He's 442. Celebrate by drinking heavily and making mean jokes in Latin.  
Welcome home, Christopher Lee. They are waiting for you in rehearsal. 
 Shakespeare in Gloves 
gronkenstein UKShakespeare Tell  to get a bloody twitter so I can promote them. And enjoy the Tempest. 
If the government censor understands what you're doing, you're not working hard enough.   
You keep discovering things under car parks because you dig them up. You wouldn't believe what's under the British Museum.  
My brother Gilbert got angry when I joked about him on Twitter. Then I stopped, because no one's heard of him. Didn't cheer Gilbert up. 
matgutting Then Hold thy peace, thou knave. 
Yes, "Hey nonny nonny" is a stupid catchphrase. Every catchphrase is a stupid catchphrase. 
The last time I heard the chimes at midnight, it was Pistol and Nim trying to steal my car. 
My favourite summer getaway: a distant island, some excellent books, and a long-range plan for revenge. 
Someone's won a  for playing me. Now I know how Dead King Hamlet felt. Congratulations, Christian and RottenBroadway! 
Don't do it. Marc Anthony will never give thee back thine ears. 
Who keeps tweeting about the  ? Is everyone suddenly a papist? 
Oh knight, thou packets a cup of canary. Thou blackest a cup of canary. Thou lackey a cup of canary. No, bloody autocorrect. Thou LACKEST. 
Oh knight, thou blackest a cup of canary. When did I see thee so put down?   
'Tis an Ill Cook That Cannot Lick His Own Fingers: The Titus Andronicus Story 
Art ready to hit the beach? In France? Cry God For Harry England and St George 
It's the Sixth of June. Ask thyself: "What would Henry V do?"   
 9 and 1/2 Weeks of Hamlet Soliloquizing 
When Harry the Fifth Met Sally  
Richard III's Princess Bride  
My first title was "Debt in Venice." 
The final villain in Spenser's Faerie Queene was meant to be Ye Knighte of Spelle Cheque. Nothing terrified Ned Spenser more. 
The only thing better than a good Scotsman is a bad one: 
TelegraphBooks Craig Raine's lust is but a poor onion compared to mine. And like that other onion, it makes him weep. 
rayargyle OttawaCitizen Spoken by a man evading his own moral responsibility. Quoted for the same reasons. And yes, alas, enduring. 
rayargyle OttawaCitizen Thou dost know thou art quoting Mercutio, right? He is not a role model. 
People from The Swan are holding an  ... It's like 1597 again. 
 bardonthebeach HVShakespeare PAShakespeare cincyshakes ShakespeareinLA ShakespeareNJ pbshakespeare kyshakespeare MaineStage 
 CantShakespeare BristolBardFest UtahShakespeare texasshakes grassrootsLON GRShakes ofsashland COShakes shakeandco 
Romeo and Juliet: because when people are killing each other in the streets, teen dating is the real problem. 
I wrote Macbeth as a cautionary tale. Sooner or later we all want to kill a houseguest. 
It's only a cliche if you don't change it.  
AdamLZucker Great! I get to sue Disney with Portia as my lawyer! 
The Merchant of Venus  
All's Well That Ends Well  
broderham Nay. If you're casting a Philip Sidney type and they only send Fulke Greville, you hold auditions. 
Acting in your own play is all well and good until you forget a line. They never let you hear the end of that. 
Sir Walter Raleigh is who you get when Sir Philip Sidney is not available. 
Ah, pornbots, give over. I parted ways with my body nearly four hundred years gone, and if I wanted smut I would ask Tom Nashe. 
The better advice is "This above all: never, ever eavesdrop behind curtains. And also, to thine own self be true." 
Nick Bottom hath written a tell-all memoir. 'Tis called The Faerie Queene. 
All the world's a stage. And fortunately, there's a bar in the theatre lobby. 
Is the last of May chilly in London? Will the first night of June be chill and rainy? This is why we invented the jammy dodger. 
The moon's an arrant thief And her pale fire she snatches from the sun.   
Every time a thirteen-old-girl in love does something stupid, I get the blame.   
Lessons I learned from Marlowe: You can live fast. You can die young. But there is no such thing as a good-looking corpse. 
Marlowe_Society Verily, Kit. I regret those, too. 
Today is the anniversary of Kit Marlowe's death. I mourned his loss. But I was glad I didn't go drinking with him. 
We were forbidden to show God on stage. ActOfGodBway will show you why.  
When Petrarch fell in love, he could not sleep at night. He had trouble with his digestion. Petrarch was in love with coffee. 
Constantinople fell to the Turk 562 years ago today. Spenser and Milton are both still complaining. 
EllenKushner danielm801 deliasherman If thou shouldst e'er meet De Vere, Earl of Oxford, "lalala not listening" is a good strategy. 
And a special  hail to SantaCruzShakes for living to play another day. Under the redwood tree / Who loves to lie with me? 
 bardonthebeach ShakesBolly ShakesOffBway shakesfestSTL ShakespeareinLA TheIowaBard SantaFeShakes Alabama_Shakes 
LeVostreGC AliceLoweecey HorrorHoneys A booke about zombye Beavers should be entitled "Ye Deade and ye Dammed" 
LeBaladelli But Helena is the better role to play. Always. 
Historiann Nay. He put one after every verb. To speak the truth, he wasn't very bright. 
Nay, Oxford did not write my poems nor my plays. But he did come by and insert a large number of commas. 
We've had a meeting, and it's unanimous: jk_rowling can say whatever she likes. 
Compared to  Falstaff Is a Fair Altarboy 
O, Canada. I have drunk a case of thee. 'Twas delicious, but 'Tis enough for now. Farewell. 
The four most frightening words I will ever write: Falstaff. At the beach. 
Northrop Frye and I. (If thou canst not see me in this picture, thou mayst not be dead.) 
Nay, Hamlet is not "bipolar." I doubt he even knows Antarctica exists. 
The truth about my Pericles is that it would be better as TV. 
Stratford, Ontario is just like my own Stratford. After a few days, I want to leave for London. It's London, Ontario that's the shock. 
It turns out stratfest is no longer just a tent. They just always put me up for the night in a tent. 
And, since we're talking about Hamlet  
dalassene Actually, Burbage was still holding a grudge about that little "William the Conqueror" incident. Have to keep thy star happy. 
Opening night of Hamlet stratfest -- trying to remember why I wrote seven soliloquies for one character. 
Iago no longer breaks up marriages by lying to people's faces. He's built an app for that. 
We're all so happy to see Anne Meara. We all want to be her straight man. 
Soon it will be too hot to wear yellow stockings. Or, hot enough to wear nothing but yellow stockings. 
Between her and Signior Benedick there is a kind of merry war.  Sunday 
Every time I sit down with Northrop Frye, he insists on going to Tim Horton's. I just don't understand. 
I would totally write a play about Henry IX. Just give me a chance. 
Moral of King Lear: don't mistreat your daughter or she'll end up marrying a Frenchman. Also, umbrellas. 
Apparently this is the Canada Milton Seminar in Toronto. The only hits of that I understood were "Milton" and "in." CRRS_Toronto 
All the world's a stage. Don't read your reviews. 
 PublicTheaterNY stratfest chicagoshakes ParkRaccoon the_globe UtahShakespeare shakespearectr Go see a play out of doors! 
 Moving and Life-Changing Moments on Shmoop 
My PR rep said, "Forget print, TV, and radio. Let's get your face on every garden statue we can." 
Somewhere, Ed Milband is on a beach, reading a book about magic. 
Thou canst do anything if thou hast a really, really good clown.   
406 years ago today, a printer registered my Sonnets. Ever since, people have been asking me about the Dark Lady. My wife asked first. 
Aristocrats love dirty jokes. And then you can blame all your dirty jokes on the groundlings. Win/Win.  
BiTintillini Non e vero. Mi dispiace. 
 Still surprisingly famous. 
Ophelia's asked me for a reference for a summer job. As a lifeguard. 
Next issue of Country Life Magazine threatens to have a "newly discovered" play written by me. It's called "Spreading the Manure." 
TheGlobalHamlet Marlowe_Society Something in this tale smells like... Bacon. 
MDockrayMiller commshakes Finally, my Anne will read about me in the press. 
Here's the unkindest cut: Country Life Magazine flat-out rejected my article, "How to Hoard Malt in Warwickshire." 
Marlowe_Society Was it the Chew of Malted, methinks? 
Hast ever noticed that every "new" picture of me looks much unlike the old pictures of me? 'Tis a mystery. What could it mean? 
Marlowe_Society Who knoweth more of 16th c. bibliography than Country Life Magazine? Also,mKit, I hear thou art in a new Cadbury ad. 
Everyone complained about the last episode of the Henriad, too.   
Duua24 Nay. I never said that. 'Tis a refrigerator magnet, methinks. 
Tips for finding a boyfriend: dress as a man and head immediately to a remote forested area. YMMV, obviously. 
John Donne's sermons can be such a drag that I start thinking of some filthy poem he's written and start giggling in my pew.  
 spoilers: Titus Andronicus quits advertising, opens restaurant on Upper East Side. McCann execs make reservations. 
 spoilers: Lear dies. 
It was my turquoise. I had it of Leah when I was a bachelor. I would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys.   
Like drugs? Consider reading Spenser instead. THAT's hallucinatory. 
You know those Shakespeare Gardens with every kind of herb and flower I've ever mentioned? Whatever I'm allergic to is sure to be there. 
 West Side Obstetrician Story 
 Comedy of Bookkeeping Errors 
Kalamazoo, Michigan reminds me of Stratford when I was a boy. Nothing to but wait for the visiting players once a year.  
My marriage was quite happy. My love affairs on the side were miserable. 
Odumake serenawilliams obyezeks mayahayes25 Not the very first, youth. But surely an early (and enthusiastic) adopter. 
Poetry: for people without the maths to do alchemy or astrology. 
Of course there is drinking in Heaven. B. B. King just got here. 
 MoEMLondon 6Bacon IdolsOfTheCave dhoxss InternetShakes DHInstitute rare_cooking DREditions  
TheFestivalRobe AWEFinn 16thCenturyGirl LeVostreGC jonnymorris Thy knowledge of geography shows that thou art from the Moon. Farewell. 
 is like St Paul's back in the day. I don't pay the lectures as much heed as I should, but the book shopping is amazing. 
Internet dating is roughly as reliable as Puck. About half the time, Internet dating actually IS Puck. 
There is a  panel called "Shakespeare and Sex." At least they got one thing right. It takes place right after lunch. 
LeVostreGC I will take thy wager sir, Geoffrey. I never failed any class in college. 
LeVostreGC College? What need? 
LeVostreGC Has it a sea coast? Can I sail there from Bohemia? 
Chaucer keeps saying "Kalamazoo." I keep saying "Gesundheit."  LeVostreGC 
Nay, I did not brawl in the streets like Marlowe or Jonson. Please: I had people for that. 
aliciatanx Because "wherefore" does not mean "where," child. Not then, not now. Thou canst look it up. 
You can have all the jokes you want in a tragedy. Just kill someone really funny in Act Three.  
I can tell when a new season of  starts because Orwell starts muttering, "What did I tell them?" "What did I tell them?"  
From IdolsOfTheCave: My javascript / SVG  -- now with planets! 
 You will soon be reunited with your brother. You know, the one you killed. 
Macbeth and Banquo had actually asked for "some haggis" and someone misread the order. 
Who's ready for some Timon of Athens jokes? 
shakespeareatnd FolgerLibrary Ask Kit Marlowe. Marlowe_Society 
There is a terrible scandal in American football. Apparently some of the players have been using their hands. 
Never ask Prospero for beach reading. You end up with a pile of Neo-Platonic treatises by people like Ficino. 
May, and fair weather at last. A good night to sleep under the moonlight and go a bit mad. 
The fool who next gives J. K. Rowling guff Shall get a nasty visit from MacDuff. jk_rowling 
Every time I see Batman, I realize that I should have given Hamlet a kickass butler. 
sh52mjh 1. I did Mothering Sunday, too. 2. Can't you share with the Americans at all? 2. My mother is dead, as am I. So: manners, thanks. 
xian_clarkson I did that one too, child. Let me throw the colonists a bone, yes? They just had to read a lot of  tweets. 
Tis supposed to be my brother Gilbert's year to get the flowers for Mum. Which means that I end up sending them.  
NicholasWaite17 chunie Takes one to know one, thou lily-livered worsted-stocking knave. 
chunie NicholasWaite17 I never followed thee. 
My Mum gave birth to 8 children over 20 years, though I only met 5 of the others. Respect, Mum.  
Thirty-three years have I gone in travail Of you, my sons, and till this present hour My heavy burden ne'er delivered.  
I love the smell of groundlings in the morning. 
 So basically you're the only woman on this island? 
 Are you, um, a Montague? 
Milton still declaiming his opinion of  But then, Milton wanted the  named "Olivia Cromwella." 
JeffreyQuick1 A pun, sir! I like it well. But I would never burn the handiwork of mine old neighbor Richard Field, nor my Tottel. 
My Kindle devices doth never run out of power. They are very, very special Kindles I had made out of paper. 
levelxhead Money. Enormous fame. Impressing the ladies. The usual reasons. 
 KCLibrary SDPublicLibrary PortPublicLibME nypl AKStateLibrary BPLBoston britishlibrary NewberryLibrary folger TheHuntington 
British democracy: a bit of a mess, agreed, but still better than leaving decisions to Prince Philip.  
Polls closing. Falstaff, having sold his vote 14 times to 7 parties, staggers in, writes in Disraeli, and collapses.   
maverick_mac cheeruphamlet Thou hast no idea ... 
bardfilm Thou dost understand that Hamlet doesn't give me the orders, right? 
No, Polonius doesn't tweet. I think we all know why. 
When Rosencrantz and Guildenstern go on Telly to "explain" the election results, they will be lying. QED.   
TrishMcKelvey Nay. 'Tis never whether. Tis only for whom. 
Also, please vote my old dad for Stratford parish council. Thanks.    
Not happy with your choices in  Let me tell you about politicians you don't GET to choose.    
Hmm. No space on my ballot for "House of Lancaster."  
Always tell Hamlet that the polls close at noon, or he'll be changing his mind all day.  
Reagan and Goneril are considering taking Edmund as a "coalition partner."  
So far, Falstaff has promised to sell his vote to: Labour (twice) Tories (4 times) Lib Dems UKIP Plaid Cymru  
Ensign Pistol can't choose a party. He wants someone who's soft on fraud but also keen to invade France.   
Falstaff has not sold his vote for drink. He's sold the promise of his vote for drink. He'll be too drunk to vote.   
Never rip off anyone who writes better than thou dost.   
howplain LeVostreGC Ask him thyself: SummiPoetae 
 Sparknotes will not save thee 
 cannot be over soon enough. Milton just will NOT stop talking about the election.  
Where is josswhedon? I can find him on Twitter no more? Is he filming more of my plays in his house? 
Second Justice Shallow joke of the day. Viva Cinco de Mayo! 
Falstaff + sombrero = bad look Falstaff + tequila = public hazard  
What if I told thee that all of my plays were just setting up a shared universe? Next summer, Bottom IS COMING to Dunsinane. 
TrishMcKelvey Nay. That word isn't even Latin. 
Justice Shallow is running for Parliament. He asked me to mention it. That's all I'll say.   
 Honorificabilitudinitatibus 
 Contumely 
"Swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, that ... wait!" "Tis no moon." "I have an ill feeling about this."  
Any  who isn't named Marina or Miranda is a missed opportunity.  
DominicGreen18 DarrenF_Jones MaloneSociety Nay, smartybreeches. Tis not my Lear he means but the older play King Leir. 
Still disappointed that Alec Guinness beat me out for Obi-Wan Kenobi, but I did coach him on playing a ghost.  
 spoilers: Don chases Diana until in the  she turns him into a stag and his hounds turn on him. 
Vaelyos_ If I didn't say its name, 'twould never have been finished, child. 
Ah, Macbeth! May the Firth be with thee! (The puns can always get worse.) 
Did you like the bit in Hamlet when he rewrites R amp; G's letter so that they will be executed? Me too. But you may not be a nice person 
Sundays in London and May: al the theatres are closed, so I just walk up and down the Strand frightening tourists. 
The catastrophe is a nuptial.   
My writing is autobiographical. It's about my experiences as a teenaged Italian girl. 
Tis  Get thee to a book seller! 
Yes, Derek Jacobi is going to play Mercutio. If Queen Mab's okay with it, everyone should be okay with it. 
You! In Kensington Gardens! Keep it quiet. The  is trying to sleep. 
Welcome to the shop, Emma Rice. Don't let Burbage's ghost be his little moods bother you. 
Picking flowers, singing songs, making double entendres: going a-Maying with Ophelia always seems okay at the start. 
Happy  !! Lead me to the maypole and start the Morris dance! 
 Fiascotheater ShakesBolly bardonthebeach redbulltheater ShakesOffBway TheRSC stratfest PublicTheaterNY ShakespeareinLA 
The beat is on the twos, people. The beat is on the twos.  
 Dark Lady recast as blonde. 
ardyforshort Like a playhouse with a thatched roof. 
 Explore Shakespeare's London With This Interactive 16th Century Map 
 Gwyneth, improbably, is my muse. 
 West Side Story without singing 
 Run away before Hamlet decides. 
Please donate to preserve Anne Hathaway's cottage. Things go better for me when she has her own place. 
jauregzftkordei Dunno. Never wrote any essays. Maybe Francis Bacon could give you some advice. 
Should never have put Coriolanus in charge of labour relations: 
There is nothing on this Earth that cannot, with the passage of time, be made into a musical. 
No matter how your story ends, comedy or tragedy, you should always tack on a final jig.   
I'd really like to see HandtoGodBway in rep with Titus Andronicus. Is that wrong?  
andrea_baez_29 I spent my life writing immortal works of art, eventually becoming famous worldwide just for this moment. Bwa ha ha. 
I like to drop some heavy philosophy on the audience and then hand things off to the clown. 
DaFinchinator Hwaet? Singan me frumsceaft, baby. 
I do get tired of being typecast as a ghost. But at least I don't have to do commercials. 
Congratulations to RottenBroadway for the  I hope you win, especially since I got stiffed this year. 
dmill1951 Why not, good Doctor? What harm could befall? 
In love? If you get to the end of Act Three and no one's dead, then go for it. 
I thought Dante was talkative enough. Then someone invented espresso. 
Next episode of  ? Hamlet, Titus, Macbeth, and Lear. No one will be worrying about red wine on the carpets. 
Sometimes, when you're in English class, do you fantasize about having me stabbed? Been there. Julius Caesar wrote one of my schoolbooks. 
What is all this running to and fro? I'm all for sport, but didn't you invent the automobile just to avoid this?  
Civil as an orange   
In my salad days, when I was green.   
If you can't trust three Scottish witches, really, who CAN you trust? 
 Not *identical* twins, then? 
 Are you part donkey? 
miranda_weiss Get a grip, child. Who dost thou think killed Duncan? Maybe the person who's been talking about killing him for two acts? 
ShmaimAl_ Because thou art being a bit of a pill. 
A little cross-dressing never hurt anyone, Bruce. 
Best birthday presents I got? Theatre tickets to see John Ford's Tis Pity, both at the BarbicanCentre and the redbulltheater. 
 My naked weapon is out! 
When your birthday is only approximate, you don't have to stop celebrating the next day.   
TrishMcKelvey A giant mechanical water bird sounds like a whole new set of problems. Your century is very strange. 
TrishMcKelvey Aquatic birds are no help here, child. This is a tun of drunken, snoring man. 
The day after my more-or-less birthday. I can hear Falstaff snoring. First, I have to find him. Then I need help moving him. 
 TheatreforaNewA RottenBroadway ShakesFangirl CTRepTheatre oldvictheatre TheOldGlobe Rosetheatre redbulltheater reduced 
Come see my movies outdoors! FolgerLibrary 
Ah. Both RottenBroadway and Marlowe's Tamburlaine at TheatreforaNewA got  nominations. Well deserved!  
Exhaust_Fumes Donne. And Compositor B. 
Dionne's written me a birthday poem. Rather, 451 birthday poems. Oh dear ...   
sorryimmad Moderately so, yes. 
 Nay, children. Speak Like Unto Shakespeare, if we be friends. 
Got a lovely engraved card from Compositor B. It says, "Harpy Birch Play!"    
Less than an hour of birthday left in London. Time to move the party to LA.   
goACTA You're a group of cross-dressing anti-Semites? Leave me out of it, please. 
goACTA AP This report is much ado about nothing - except not interesting or clever. 
goACTA What I really want for my birthday is for you to lighten up. You're less fun than Malvolio.   
Worst thing I ever got on my birthday? A widow. Doesn't get much worse.    
451 candles on a cake shaped like The_Globe was a sweet idea. But it brought back terrible memories.   
teatrototale Wwm_Shakespeare shakesstandard PisaToday Nessun dormo, my friends. For Macbeth hath murdered sleep. 
My mother cried. But then there was a star danced, and under that was I born.    
Ben Jonson got me a book: Latin for Beginners. Same thing every year.   
I've almost always had fun on  but one. But the bad one was really bad.   
It is approximately my birthday. I am having an approximately good time.   
Perhaps today is not the day to bring up that whole Julian/Gregorian calendar thing. 
LeeKindler Child, I just turned 451. 
_annahays staying up until midnight to say something to a ghost ... Thou dost know how this turns out in my plays, right? 
LeeKindler Writers_Vic The bot would follow thee, child. 
Marlowe knocked at my door at 2 am, flung me his "present" in a canvas bag, and said "You didn't get this from me."  
mishellbaker I will hold thee to that. 
Is my "birthday" coming? I'm stocking up on cakes and ale. 
Happy opening night, RottenBroadway . I will be next door enjoying a delicious pizza. 
rdgresident The hell I won't. I am Kit Marlowe's biggest fan. 
Should universities require my plays? Nay. I do all right on my own. But consider a Ben Jonson requirement. He could use the help. 
ZacharyLesser Well, to be fair, everything is more fun when you're forced to do it. 
Hearing the chimes at midnight can be quite nice. Hearing a Glockenspiel at two in the morning is unacceptable. 
 Falstaff's about to get naked. 
 No more cakes and ale. 
Turns out none of Prospero's books load properly on Kindle. 
adamghooks Art thou not? Check thy calendar. 
Does the fuss over my birthdays have to be so public? I'm trying to persuade casting directors that I can still play 48. 
 Inside the Actor's Studio 
Are my tweets only idle foolery? Mayhap. 'Tis exactly what the Puritans said about my plays. 
My working title for Much Ado was "Heard It Through the Grapevine." 
KathrynZoerb Emalaia ADigitalNative TomDelise ShspFactory What Portia wants, Portia gets. So don't cross her. 
I've been getting a band together: a couple of lutes, a viola da Gamba, some sackbuts. Mostly playing Motown covers so far. 
Drunk_Austen Certainly, lady. Falstaff will drink with anyone in a skirt. 
Falstaff is starting to get into training for summer: slowly building up the drinking. 
Can I do this, and cannot get a crown? Tut, were it further off, I'd pluck it down.    
 Stay away from the Capulets. 
 Make Petruchio sign the pre-nup 
 Never lose his mother's handkerchief 
Come celebrate my birthday in HarvardSquare And please, rescue me from talking to that prig John Harvard 
heartshapedlox Buy him a drink and ask him thyself. 
Kenneth Branagh. In the West End. All season long. Just perfect. Especially since I keep my wife and daughters out of the West End. 
Truth versus fiction: my fools are slightly more intelligent than my kings. Obviously, real kings aren't nearly that smart. 
HarvardBooks The pleasure is mine. But please, children: remind me not of mine age. 
Hamlet sans Ghost: just cut my part. Review: Hamlet as an After-Party That Got Out of Hand - 
 shakesstandard IliadBookshop CityLightsBooks farleys Keplers GreenAppleBooks BookSoup HarvardBooks chicagoshakes 
Hamlet is trending. Black is the new black. 
 Realized I had actually but the "second-best bed" remark in my will. 
higginskiara No! Whatever thou dost, don't Henry VIII me! 
I no longer intend to haunt the NationalTheatre -- the fit isn't right. I will still haunt the oldvictheatre 
Anne Hathaway straddles a wrecking ball in public and pretends she's singing: Or, My Marriage in a Nutshell 
EaglePursuit Nay. The episodes with the not-quite-realistic-looking women. Pick those ones out from the crowd. 
One of these days, computer analysis is going to discover those episodes of Baywatch I wrote. 
 What would Hamlet do? 
 Trees can't walk, right? 
 To be? Or not? 
My mistress' eyes are UP HERE, pal. 
 My copyrights have all expired. 
DrSamuelJohnson AHEM. Didst thou pay me royalties for thine edition of me? I think nay, Sam. 
Gave everything to my daughters.  
 Owe a pound of flesh 
wesleyparker65 hogan_emmy Yea. And anyway, thou must speak to my agent about any new jobs. 
My words, Diana Rigg's mouth: what is not to like? 
Yes, Ovid was my favorite in school. For the whole immortal-poetry thing, of course, but mostly for the jokes and the advice on girls. 
dy_lord His brother Edwin was all right. 
I hated John Wilkes Booth before hating John Wikes Booth was cool.   
When actors go bad, they really go bad. Sorry, Abe.  
Drunk_Austen Thou art always welcome, lady. And welcome to parties most of all. 
We're having one party for Eduardo Galeano and Gunter Grass: Cervantes and Schiller, Goethe and Lope de Vega. All of them can drink. 
 like Henry VI, Parts IV-MMVIII 
In life, Reverend Bowdler edited "dirty" words out of my plays. Now he's in Purgatory, and I get to "edit" his letters and diary. 
ZacharyLesser teatrototale PISAtweet 'Tis a slander, sir! I shall prove it when you dare, where you dare, with what you dare! 
Love the one thou art with and wait for Puck to being more flower juice for thine eyes. 
Well done, KevinSpacey. Moving from acting to running the playhouse has always been a clever move.  
I like Charles III, too. I just don't think it's got its ending yet.  
Congratulations to Angela Lanbury. It gladdens my heart to see the young kids make good.  
Once? There was nothing done to her once, sir.   
Tip: if you're her father's favorite, you're doing something wrong. 
Is that really a new play by me? Well it's from 1728: too old to be new, too new to be mine. 
juliegoldberg I think the words "Double Falsehood" are especially apt for this story. 
Oh. I see where the confusion comes from. I did sometimes check into hotels under the Earl of Oxford's name. 
mishellbaker Wasn't in the Independent or the Daily Telegraph, was it? 
Don't believe everything you read about me in the papers. 
 GLTFCleveland GRShakes DrJ_Gregory ShakespeareRes ShakesBolly bardonthebeach UtahShakespeare BristolBardFest ParkRaccoon 
mrrajatkapoor I did not say "nothing," Rajat. Nothing will come of nothing. Please do grow at least as old as Lear. 
Management secrets of King Lear: 1. Don't be like King Lear. 
Hint: if it's your wedding day and you're fighting one of your new in-laws to the death, you should have just hired a caterer and a band. 
Brunch with Spenser always lasts until four in the afternoon. The man never finishes anything. 
Murder sleep and sleep will be revenged. 
petercaleca Nay, youth. I was bi. That's how I know thy great-great(etc.) grandmother and great-great(etc.) grandfather were both easy. 
If you want to get away with something really ridiculous and implausible, tell a true story. That's why I wrote history plays. 
Whatever you do, don't actually compare them to summer days. They only think that's what they want.  
I have hidden a coded message within my sonnets. It reads, "GETT THEE A LYFE." 
bardfilm Oy. 
I am a voice from England's distant past. Like Tony Blair, but a bit more relevant. 
 was really, really great for the first fourteen lines. 
SJRenProf Because tonight is the night she could fit me in. 
Did I invent the human? Maybe, maybe not. But Francis Bacon never gets enough credit for inventing the chicken. 
mishellbaker A touch, a touch, I do confess it. 
Although to be fair, Whitman is totally addicted to that show. Except for the chasing-women part. 
Yes, yes. His name is "Whitman" and he contradicts himself. Contains multitudes, even. Okay. We *get* it.  
 will catch up with the books. This is exactly why I started my history plays so far back. Never hurry Elizabeth I. 
JettimusMaximus Nay. The bar there closes too early. 
Tonight, I am drinking with Adrienne Rich. Dost envy me? Thou shouldst. 
JeFfChIsHoLmE Well, thou see'st, when a man loves a woman very much, he hugs her in a special way .... 
"Donald Draper" sounds like a foolish love struck apprentice in a comedy by, I don't know, Henry Chettle.  
Farewell, ye gentles of  What company could be better? Do send Jonson home after he sobers up. 
The  folk have apparently chosen the theme "Boobs and Butts" on Easter Sunday. Isn't that a bit ... cheeky? 
We have heard the chimes at midnight,  . So now go home. Thou art drunk. 
I've only been dead for 399 years. Now it's time to party.  
It's that time of the conference when Jonson, Marlowe, and Donne compete to see who can ask the longest question.  
My first title for Midsummer Nights Dream was "Everyone Loves Bottom." 
Marlowe, Donne, and Jonson have 450 years of books already. So do I. Still loading up at the  book show.  
Before I get coffee, I feel as if I were dead.  
mishellbaker Only 399, child. 
That guy at the  book exhibit, pitching every single editor a book about Ben Jonson? Ben Jonson. 
After-lunch speech at  is so hard to pull off. I mean, really: how can you make Shakespeare studies funny? 
First, I hear the groundlings use a word. Then I shove it into a play. Then it's in the OED. Then it's cited on PowerPoint.  
You will never hear a plenary titled "Cutting Marlowe." Too close to home.  
Look: for me, everything written after 1616 is science fiction. 
When thou hast seen John Donne hung over on a Good Friday, thou hast seen the face of repentance.  
Jonson's drunk six glasses of wine and has been talking for 45 minutes about how long PMLA has had his manuscript.  
Marlowe and free drinks: the second most dangerous combination.  
In Vancouver, and all John Donne can talk about is finding GreatDismal and getting his autograph.  
Best thing about conference Qamp;As: almost nobody is armed.   
At  for  ... So I can heckle matthewharrison without mercy. 
Never portray kings or queens the way they actually are. It makes them very, very angry.  
Ben Jonson's  seminar paper is twenty thousand words long and begins with an invocation to the Muse. 
Breakfast at  - Marlowe vows yet again to find Tim Horton and be revenged. 
But let us be friends, Master Chaucer. Next time thou visitest The_Globe I shall have Heminges comp thee. LeVostreGC 
Alas, the sad truth, LeVostreGC : I loved writing the plays, but the real money is in tote bags and T-shirts. 
LeVostreGC Why not have thy friend Richard II give thee another cushy government job? Oh wait, that's right. 
LeVostreGC Alas, thou speakest sooth. 
LeVostreGC Why not just give me ye cashe, Sir Geoffrey? 
We've been at  for five minutes and Jonson is grumbling about the book exhibit. Not that it's open yet. 
Historiann I would encourage thee to try Miami, lady. Or better yet, to try vice. 
Why go to  Donne loves complicated literary theory. Jonson comes for the drink. Marlowe had to get out of England fast. 
Brought The Tale of Sir Thopas on my flight to  But it just breaks off before it's got going! LeVostreGC  
Dear Harold Bloom: I have left thee a personal letter in the Yale Library. Check all the books.  
ndiscenza1 "Meet" was a euphemism, child. 
Dawn in Southwarke  and thus commenceth my pylgrimage unto Van Couver for  
larissxvena Canst thou wait until Act Five? 
Packing for  -- making sure to bring my extra-large codpiece. The only thing some academics respect. 
Wintersonworld 'Twill be Kadburees soon enough, I fear. 
Best and worst slash fiction ever? Falstaff meets the Wife of Bath. 
histevegray LeVostreGC I know what Christopher Marlowe would do in Deptford. Not my idea of a good time. 
What we do next depends. Art thou a Taurus?  
If only someone had invented a vaccine for this.  
I am getting ready for  by reserving a table at the Tabard Inn in Southwark. WWSGD: Whatte woude Sir Geoffrey doo? 
Maybe we should try another leech.  
conor610 Wherever the cakes and ale may be, there shalt thou find me. 
Attention, dear ones: This year's hashtag is  That's  Thou hast heard it here third. 
Historiann Fair cop. But Anne Boleyn was really, really kinky like that. 
booktart Someone in this story needs years and years of therapy. And it's not the fictional character.  
The sleep-with-me-or-I'll-execute-thy-brother move never works, ever. And if it did? Dost thou really want to be that guy? 
WolfBaginski Yea, truly. I know not what a "Telegraph" might be, but I hate it. 
lucycmunro adamghooks Verily. Let us see how Francis likes it. 
lucycmunro adamghooks Why does Professor Thackery not go and bother, say, *Thackery*? 
Which part of "Cursed be he that moves my bones" was not clear?  
DaFinchinator Art thou a fair-haired aristocratic youth? Or perhaps a dark-eyed brunette liar? 
The bed trick: because face it, dudes don't notice *anything.* 
Then let life be short, else shame will be too long.   
cringinghoran It is the cause, my soul, it is the cause. Name it not, you chaste stars. It is the cause. 
You know that Milton can see in the afterlife, right? He's not blind. He's just pretending not to see you.  
Dislike modern medicine? Mistrust modern medicine? I will trade thee, straight up. I can get thee my leeches by sundown. 
It's very strange to listen to talks about early modern theology. This kind of detail could have gotten us arrested.  
The best part of panels on Ficino is that I don't understand them. The worst part is that Donne explains.  
SLevelt Well, I didn't *really* get serious about my career until the 19th century. Should have hired a PR guy in 1590. 
Twelve panels about emblems? Really? I think these are a bigger deal to you than they were to us.  
_fl0ri_ Marlowe_Society Hast thou ever met Pope Urban VIII? All of the insults are true. 
What better city to spend the evening of  than Berlin?  
Dost thou think Hamlet waits too long to start stabbing people? Tell him one "your momma" joke. 
Best part of  RSA is my yearly chance to get Galileo really, really drunk. 
So,  has only male plenary speakers AND no booth babes? 
SLevelt Just ask everyone you meet at  if they are William Shakespeare. After you get taken away, I'll come by the hospital. 
So crowded here. My quest for Natalie Zemon Davis's autograph shall, I fear, be thwarted once again.  
Donne likes to go to  panels about his work and then ask long, abstruse "questions" in Qamp;A. 
The Berlin hotels look lovely, but no. Goethe will insist that I stay in his guest room, which smells oddly of dumplings.  
All of my selfies are pen and ink. 
Thy mistress's eyes are a bit like the sun, in that they are very, very important to a vegetable. 
Postcards_Gods Perhaps a glance at the OED, old bean? Has to be better than arguing with dead people on Twitter? 
Going to Germany for  Back in my day, Germany was where you toured when you couldn't get a gig in England. 
 Stabbed my father "by mistake." 
 Lost it over a handkerchief 
Today is Lady Day, the Elizabethan New Year. If Henslowe owed thee money on 1 January, this is when he got around to paying. 
Definitely the second best bed  
McBoof Sorry, boy. I am a monument without a tomb. But no one monument is all I am. 
History plays: because if the first one's a hit, you know you have a sequel.  
McBoof The statue is not I. The statue is just a tribute, like. 
gahracemarkz Didst thou just spell "is" with a Z? And then complain about my writing? 
412 years ago today, Queen Elizabeth I died a 69-year-old virgin. Her father was THAT scary. KngHnryVIII 
Dost know, O KngHnryVIII, that "penned by a peasant" could also describe at least two of thy wives? 
sighsehun Many do. (But my thanks, youth.) 
sIeepyjongin Was the title "The Rape of Lucrece" somehow not clear enough for thee? 
How many ways do I have to explain this? Do NOT listen to witches. 
Scorsese doing my Macbeth? Art thou looking at me? 
Unless all thy schoolwork is in Latin, complain not to me. 
lydiaxbliss Never fight a ghost, child. They have nothing to lose, but you do. 
MarcusInE17 If thou dost not wish troll, child, why not just stop? 
Is thy name Jessica? I made up that name. Thou art welcome. 
 Two gloves have I, of comfort and despair... 
SJRenProf Because of thy privacy settings I cannot retweet thee. But I have made thy japery known to all. 
 To bet or not to bet (With thanks to SJRenProf) 
 To thine own self be blue. 
Happy birthday, WilliamShatner ! We lend thee our ears: 
Was I unfair to Richard III in my plays? Really? Did his nephews die of old age? 
The evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones. -- Not Richard III's problem. 
Mamamachtsachen Please. Who art thou telling? 
When daisies pied and violets blue And lady-smocks all silver-white And cuckoo-buds of yellow hue ...   
I'll be a lot more comfortable when Richard III is back in the ground. 
raywilcockson ardyforshort Wittenberg always wins University Challenge. Because Faustus cheats. 
Always a mistake to bring Hamlet along for Pub Trivia. He knows the answers! But will he ever spit them out? 
All's Well That Ends Well (because I was out of ideas for titles) 
Happy birthday, Ovid! Stay cheeky! 
Put the groundlings up front. Especially when lots of stage blood is sloshing around. 
 was fun. But not as big as  or  
The best thing about eclipses in a society where astrology is still considered hard science? Making money off the panic. 
Eclipses always make me nervous. Such a relief when the dragon coughs the Sun back up.  
 ShakespeareWeek KCLibrary britishlibrary nypl SDPublicLibrary PortPublicLibME NewberryLibrary OrkneyLibrary HoughtonLib 
karrrrrrrrra Nay. There are other, sexier, letters I'd like to get to first. 
Falstaff's St. Patrick's Day just ended. 
 was always sending messages carried by bumbling friars who got waylaid. 
 made my unpleasant comments to people's faces. 
 Get thee to a nunnery! 
Aristotle had some rules. I did not follow them. Do you want to read Aristotle's plays, or mine?  
andykesson c_perry SGUYBRAY Blame me not. Sometimes a man just needeth a gig. 
St. Patrick is the patron of Purgatory. If thou hast been caught downtown in one of his parades, thou wilt know why. 
My main job on St. Patrick's Day? Keep Spenser out of fights. 
So very pleased that they've found Cervantes at last. He owes me 5. 
MARdi__GRAs I don't need thee to be a fan, dear child. I have millions of them already. Ta ta. 
Fine, then. I've imagined dragons. Frightening and unpleasant. Now, you imagine smallpox. 
No matter how nasty any Monday seems, Anthony Munday was worse. 
ShmaimAl_ Dear child. Thou must relax. 
Dear Julius: YES. Brutus too. Now stay AWAY from the Capitol.  
O, it is my true-begotten father who, being more than sand-blind - high-gravel-blind - knows me not.   
dy_lord Yea. Indeed. I was going to tweet the Clown from  and switched. Well spotted, youth. 
But I was a gentleman born before my father.   
I am celebrating  with Titus Andronicus. Is that a problem? 
 Witches made me do it. 
I have more than four hundred years of love for  Rise again, battersea_arts, for all who love thee. 
LeVostreGC 'Twas not I! 'Twas Adam Scriveyne! 
Was that last tweet missing an important verb? Bad Quarto, children. Bad Quarto. 
Things I regret saying? I just they're from my Bad Quartos and don't count. 
 ShakespeareWeek UKShakespeare shakesstandard Drunk_Austen IliadBookshop odysseybks TheOldGlobe oldvictheatre 
Go see ethanhawke in my Cymbeline ( whatever he's calling it these days). 
Have a beer, Terry. We have all been waiting for thee.  
firasd If I'm thinking of splitting someone from the nave to the chops, I generally give myself a bit of a time out, yes. 
Sometimes I ask myself "What Would Macbeth Do?" And if I'm already doing it, I stop. 
 Take Juliet with you. 
 Brevity is the soul ... 
 The readiness is all. 
Have a watchman enter. Get a thesaurus. Let the fun begin.  
Dress like the boy you want to meet.  
maydaysmukes Nay. Turn on thy location and I will send my good friend Marlowe to meet thee. 
Drunk_Austen Nay. "I wouldst" is drunkard's grammar. 'Tis  And I see I guessed aright. 
Drunk_Austen Go off to Brighton with thy tart of a sister. Thou wilt find many followers there.  
Every Roderigo thinks he's an Iago. 
TheGlobalHamlet Here thou goest: 
If her father hates you, you've got a good chance.  
Have you seen this "Gotham" on the Telly? Where the avenger is only 12 years old? And they say Hamlet takes too long to get around to it. 
Never been invited on  but I would bring "Full Fathom Five" on 45 and a book borrowed from Prospero. 
A touch! A touch! I do confess it! How to tell if thou art in one of my comedies: 
Six_Jones KngHnryVIII Yes. themistressanne knows what I'm talking about. 
Somehow, a French beheading is just classier. 
Ever since the day I perished, Dante hath been on my back about my pronunciation of "Beatrice." 
NeilHaran Heavens, child! Memorize the 14 rhyme words - in order - first, and then speak the whole poem ALOUD as often as thou must. 
 from Beatrice (who has some comments about what you're wearing). 
Because Indiana Jones is Welsh: MailOnline: Huge tomb of Celtic prince unearthed in France 
c_perry Thou hast said aright. 
Yea, verily: auto-correct hath betrayed me again. 
He hath never fed of the daintiest that are bred in a book. He hath not eat paper, as it were, he hath not drunk ink.  
I am starting a menswear company. 'Tis called "Bros Prefer Hose." 
Dost thou not like the people for whom thou canst vote? Let me tell you about the people for whom I could not vote. 
 "Two loves have I ..." 
 "My secret husband Romeo ..." 
 It's almost finished 
Nay. Homie doth not play that. 
March is like my romances: hopelessly bleak to start off, beguiling springtime at the end. 
 TheaterHistory QueenGloriana Marlowe_Society shakesstandard FolgerLibrary KngHnryVIII tinynietzsche The_Globe JohnDosPassos2 
"Burgher King," such an oxymoron. 'Tis like one of Moliere's titles. 
All the world's a stage. Please leave the trap door alone. 
 Have you met Richard III? 
The Forest of Arden is full of these guys. MT Grammarly: It's Shakesbear! 
mrrajatkapoor At last! 
mrrajatkapoor Please, good sir, call me Will. 
You gave away your ending when you picked a genre. You have to make everything else fresh and surprising.  
"What makes thee think I won't cut thee?" -Christopher Marlowe, August, 1591 
 It's a comedy, love. 
No one expects the English Inquisition! The English didn't have an Inquisition.  
ColoredCrow Neylyn_ mayonayses Il a raison. Je ne vois rien. 
 Big Mac Beth 
Thou art not a real actor until thou know'st how to talk to the groundlings. 
Also, alchemists: hilarious as long as you don't actually give them money. 
Some people say that science can't be funny. But astrology is hilarious. 
 This isn't King Lear 
My annual Oscars journey, recollected: 
WilliamShatner Dear Bill: the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the one. Spock would have put the Red Cross first. Cheers, Will. 
Whoever lets slip the dogs of war, cleans up behind the dogs of war.  
Bloody Iago. How does he keep guessing my passwords? 
Fluellen is filthy rich these days. "Management Tips from Ancient Roman Generals" is a huge hit.  
Happy Saint Davy's Day! A good day to wear a leek in your hat, if you're lucky, or to eat one if you're not. 
Angels and ministers of grace defend us!  
Blackfang108 Simon Callow wasn't available for it anything like soon enough. 
My first title for Othello was "A Wedding and Four Funerals." 
All actors have stories of hard times. Let me just say this to my fellow actors: Six. Matinees. Every. Single. Week. 
Finally, we can get Leonard Nimoy to perform some Chekhov. TheRealNimoy : "But isn't that Walter's part?"  
"Closet drama" is Elizabethan English for "Direct to Video." 
My friend TheRealNimoy has been called to the rehearsal room. His fellow actors have been waiting. 
I just googled mine own name. Gadzooks! 
BoydADavis1 JonnyOrsini TheOldGlobe Was "son and heir of a mongrel bitch" not enough for thee? 
 shakespeareatnd cleveland_pl CurrierMuseum KCLibrary AKStateLibrary CTRepTheatre stjohnscollege UofSClibraries EmoryUniversity 
 uazlibraries NMMUSD PortPublicLibME LakeCoMuseum GallaudetU TheDurhamMuseum 
When a lady asks you if her dress is  or  your cue is to say "I can only see the color of thy eyes." 
gabbimarker9 Which part of "my better angel is a man right fair" was mysterious to you? 
dorsalstream Truth is truth. 
digisploosh How hath that been working out for thee? 
dorsalstream Fair is fair. 
Hey, nice girls: Cordelia, Ophelia, and Desdemona don't make it. Beatrice, Rosalind, and Katherine do. And Queen Margaret never dies. 
Marlowe_Society I keep everything I really value hidden in my codpiece. 
Turns out that I gave Kit Marlowe my wallet as a birthday present. Bit of a surprise. 
Today in 1564, Kit Marlowe was baptized. The sins he was born with were washed clean, and he started accumulating sins of his own. 
ivana_marie18 ChazFerence Ben Jonson wrote in prose at first, then move The syllables until the beat was right. 
ivana_marie18 ChazFerence Learn verse by heart and speak its words aloud Till rhythm's second nature to thy soul. 
 No place to hide a set of tights under my tights. 
Chekhov shows you a gun in Act One and waits until Act Three to fire it. I go on stage with a sword. I could whip it out at any moment. 
Introduction to Me class is canceled today.  
 No good superhero name, really. "Pentameter Man" "Sweet Swan" "The Warwickshire Avenger" Just not making it. 
JeremyDBond Three words for thee, noble youth: Loves Labours Won 
 I usually kill everyone in Act Five. 
Oh, does "Exit pursued by a bear" sound silly to you? Is "Hang about pursued by a bear" better? 
IliadBookshop Doubt it nothing, kind friends. The pleasure was ours. 
We could happily browse IliadBookshop and odysseybks for 10 years each. But we have a plane to catch. Thanks, LA! ShakesLA 
StaceyAnneBagdi thepenmuseum Thou dost know I used to own the real thing, yes? 
Whenever I go to a bookstore and sign a few discreet autographs, they throw the signed books in the rubbish. Must be my penmanship. 
Marlowe settles our hotel bill at the Marmont. The clerk hands back his card and says, "Thank you, Sir Patrick. Come back soon."  
Marlowe somehow turned a 400 profit on his contraband chocolates. He shrugs. "Jonson got the munchies."  
This hangover may be worse than my actual death. And Jonson, for whatever reason, is reciting Horace.  
The lipstick writing on Donne's shirt this morning? Physics equations. Marlowe: "What's that one?" D: blushing: "Heat exchange."  
So Marlowe, Donne, Jonson, and I stayed up another hour to listen. Good night, LA. Don't wake me for at least an hour.  
On the way back to the hotel, we found Robin Williams in The Comedy Store car park. He goes on stage after the rest go home.  
Marlowe on why he loves Hollywood: "This town is perfect for me. I'll never turn thirty."   
Eddie Redmayne just sold a love story about a brilliant abstruse Englishman. Donne's work will be easy tonight.   
Now the after-parties. There's no party in the world that Jack Donne can't get you into.   
The story about the over-the-hill actor adapting someone else's book into a stage play? Totally my favorite.   
Turns out actors from The Globe are rather good.   
Eddie Redmayne! Go Britain!   
Marlowe and Jonson want to know what a "director" is. I'm not sure I know myself. But that speech was fun.   
Adapted Screenplay is my category.   
Does Lady Gaga have a Thomas Pynchon Trystero horn tattoo? Is this some conspiracy?     
It doesn't matter if The Imitation Game wins or not. Donne is explaining cryptography anyway.   
An English intelligence officer in trouble for loving boys: this one hits Marlowe where he lives.   
They said names like Dogberry and Elbow were too silly. But somehow "Benedict Cumberbatch" sounds posh   
You see the  In Memoriam reel. I see the cast of my newest play. God, what a cast.  
I'm all for any visual effects that don't burn my playhouse to the ground.   
The worst thing about that Shakespeare in Love film was the implication that I would go for Gwyneth.   
I'm all for Britain, but if The Theory of Everything wins, Donne will start explaining Hawking's physics. Again.   
Donne is pleased with Ida's  win: "Brooding, sexy nuns. Always a strong hand."  
Jonson: "Writing the  IS like a court masque. Songs, VIP crowd, only 1 performance. It's Pleasure Reconciled to Vanity."  
The  are about to begin. Jonson still debating whether  or  violates more of the unities.  
And nay, I know not why auto correct does not believe in tetrameter, but thinks "tetra meter" is a thing.  
Lady Gaga is like a one-woman Jacobean court masque. Jonson is writing her erudite tetra meter right now.   
ryan_reid98 Never pick a fight with a vowel, child. You're going to need them all. Hate a consonant instead, such as Z. 
Jonson: "Wow, Will. This Anne Hathaway walked right by you without even a glance. Just like the one you married."   
Not looking ethanhawke in the bloody eye. Change the title of my Cymbeline? Without even a meeting?   
Jonson, anxious about  mingling: "Actors' ghosts are the worst." Me: "Maybe you shouldn't have killed any actors, Ben."  
Marlowe still explaining his complicated Cadbury-smuggling scheme. Jonson: "I see what happened to your intelligence career."  
John Donne + Ben Jonson + mimosas for brunch = some amazing gossip about Francis Bacon  
Donne does the Sunday service before brunch. Still some lipstick on one earlobe. Marlowe sniggering.  
Donne woke up this morning with six phone numbers written in lipstick on his shirt. When he took off his shirt he found more.  
Things Ben Jonson learned last night: the old "need funds to find the Philosopher's Stone" scam still a winner in Hollywood.  
Studio suit at party, to me: "I don't get it. If it's a sequel, why's it called 'Loves Labours I'?"  
Screenwriter at party: "Didn't some Earl write your work?" Me: "Didn't some suit grab story credit for yours?" "Gotcha."  
Great party at josswhedon's house. But why is everything black and white?   
satellitemoose Hmm. Very old-school Hope amp; Crosby. 
Jonson has decided to combine Aristotle, Horace, and Syd Field's rules into one book. The good news? It will be in Latin.  
Exhaust_Fumes Methinks we would need to talk to Master Chaucer, LeVostreGC , and his agent. It hear he's with CAA. 
americanroulete Thou hast made Marlowe laugh. And not even in the scary way. 
This pitch-a-stupid-idea-to-the-studios is all a good laugh. But I would like someone to greenlight Loves Labours Won.  
Donne: "No, seriously. Get a sexy young Gertrude and a story with absolutely nowhere to go. They'll order a full season."  
My other joke pitch is "Elsinore": Hamlet meets Smallville. Marlowe's is "Teen Faustus." Donne: "Careful. Those might sell."  
My mock-50-Shades pitch is called "Lust's Labours Loved." Marlowe's is "The Underreacher."  
Donne's 50-Shades-ripoff pitch is called "Dark Gravity." Jonson's is "Arse Poetica." Bravo, Ben.  
We all agree to mock-pitch studio suits A. 1 inane TV prequel and B. 1 smutty 50 shades ripoff.   
JohnDosPassos2 But Every Man Out of His Humour was a bigger hit for him. Wrong lesson there.  
dy_lord an Associate Producer credit and two fish tacos. Lowest it's been since 1998. 
Santa Monica. Nice walk on the Pier. We dangle Jonson over the edge until he stops talking about Aristotle.   
Donne advises Marlowe: "They can't pay you in 'tobacco and boys,' Kit. Not in your contract."   
Marlowe on Hollywood: "Selling your souls to the Devil's no good. The Devil's sold his soul to Harvey Weinstein."   
Turns out Marlowe HAS sold new work lately. "English Seneca read by candlelight will yield you solid action scripts."   
Advice to Emma Watson: if you really ARE dating a scapegrace Prince Harry, be the Falstaff in the relationship. 
AUXTRALIANS Don't buy some paper from those monkeys. Put that 1st paragraph aside. Start in the middle, with the best fact you've got. 
Only way to get Ben Jonson off his usual conversational obsessions is to bring up Emma Watson.   
Off to the GettyMuseum. Donne: "It looks like Cosimo de' Medici built a UFO." 
Jonson going on about his Epicoene screenplay. Marlowe: "Women play women now. You've got no ending." Jonson: "Details."   
Breakfast on a grey Los Angeles morning. Donne: "This is what England would look like if Spain won in 1588."   
Then Belishi came over to our suite, wrecked the minibar and snorted most of Marlowe's Cadbury Flake.   
Last night in the Viper Room, Jonson tried to sell an undercover cop a black-market Caramello.   
Dinner at Soho House. Stars seem not to see us. "Because we're ghosts?" Jonson wonders. No, Ben. Because we're writers.   
Marlowe tuns out to have smuggled banned Cadbury chocolates in his bag. Donne: "You really were stabbed in the head."   
Back to the Marmont with Jonson telling me how my plays don't fit Syd Field's structure properly. Too right they don't.   
Donne and Marlowe each have a copy of 50 Shades. They're giving a dramatic reading. Jonson is doing sound effects.   
I buy Anne Carson, the new Variety, and a Groucho bio. But I ask if the store has any George Chapman, just to hear "no."   
Jonson has got a copy of Sydney Field's *Screenplay* and is reading as if mesmerized.   
Marlowe and Donne in deep technical discussion of alchemy near Occult section. Donne's lady friends still rapt.   
Jonson has just discovered the shelves full of my books in BookSoup. He falls into a brooding silence.   
Donne, meanwhile, is chatting up ladies near the science section, and they are showing him their various tattoos.   
paigekhaleesi I had to do it, dear child. Mercutio's agent was demanding more money. 
In BookSoup. Jonson trying to pick up women in the Classics section by pointing out inaccurate translations.   
Marlowe, Donne, Jonson, and I stroll along Sunset to BookSoup - but if we're not there already there may be a fuss.   
Checked into the Chateau Marmont on a cloudy afternoon. Marlowe hiding his bags. Jonson opening the minibar.   
The convertible turns onto Sunset Boulevard. Marlowe: "Can I start the creepy William Holden voice-over now?"   
Donne hires a convertible. Jonson and I ride in back. Marlowe drives. You can only die once.   
AsheEltonParker Oh, Kit is organized. I'm just a bit nervous about what he's organizing. 
Marlowe at LAX customs: six passports, three counterfeit Dutch guilders, and a credit card in Patrick Stewart's name.   
beijaflor70 When will they actually construct LAX? 
Landing at LAX: the one place on Earth than makes me pine for Heathrow.   
Dost know who really, really enjoyed Richard III scheming against his older brothers? My little brother Richard. 
Ten-and-a-half hour flight? That's when you really appreciate The Faerie Queene.  
 BookSoup ShakespeareinLA LAdramaClub groundlings TheHuntington odysseybks IliadBookshop  
If you have to fly across the Atlantic with Jonson, secretly pay to have him bumped to first class. It was Donne's idea.   
mishellbaker Fine, dear lady. But I have Marlowe, Jonson, and Donne with me. They sometimes cause a ruckus. 
Sometimes it's hard to bid farewell to England. But I'm never sorry to leave Heathrow.  here we come.  
Jonson doesn't want to stay at the Chateau Marmont for  weekend; he had a tiff with Belushi's ghost last year.  
Never too soon to plan thy retirement? Really? Ask King Lear. 
Packing for  weekend in LA. Parti-colored hose always a good choice.  
Go to see the Folger Library's new website: 
Falstaff on Ash Wednesday is not a pretty sight. Surgeons are removing Mardi Gras beads from the most unlikely places. 
Read thy writing aloud before someone else does.  
'Tis Ash Wednesday. Eat today as if thou wert a young actor looking for work. 
Why is The Shoemaker's Holiday never on the telly for  
Marlowe on Mardi Gras: "If you ever want to pick up a little work posing as a Catholic, Will, today's the best day." 
The Romeo amp; Juliet pancake doesn't get served until Ash Wednesday. But it's still warm.  
This is really Thomas Dekker's big day.  
Pancakes!  
I can't tell you how long I've been waiting to stand Philip Levine this pint. Welcome, Philip, and well done. 
They've found a new portrait of Anne Boleyn with facial recognition software. Thank heavens they have not tested my tattoo. 
"The Raggedy of Harmless, Prints of Dentists" ... The tragedy of Autocorrect Hamlet. 
Jonson is asking when we're going to LA for  weekend. How to avoid telling him? 
There so many people to whom I would just like to say, "Don't quote me." 
Valentine's Day is over. It's back to Proteus's Day once again. 
O powerful Love! That in some respects makes a beast a man, and in some other makes a man a beast!   
Master Chaucer Explains Love: Can Amor Truly Vincit Omnia? Chaucer Doth Advise : NPR 
Roses are red And some pains feel incurable; Thy lover may leave thee, But poetry's durable.    
Let not  get thee down, child. If love never led us to misery and confusion, I would have writ no plays about it.  
The Dark Lady wrote me a passionate, erotic love letter. 'Tis about the Fair Youth.   
Men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love.    
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Once Puck brings more flowers You'll love someone new. 
Roses are red, Violets are not, Sigmund Freud told me Thy mother was hot. 
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Ophelia's picked flowers, And there's a great deal of rue. 
Ovis_Obscura Wouldn't anything? 
50 Shades of Grey started as fanfic, yes? About having it off with Gandalf? 
Roses are red Except when they're white; Lancaster and York May be bound for a fight. 
Roses are red And we all play the fool. Someone tell Hamlet He should go back to school. 
Sagavica Speak no ill of thy school mistress, child. If thou didst truly love, thou wouldst work harder. 
50 Shades of Grey: because thy prose is not subtle enough for actual colours. 
Roses are red But some letters miscarry. Those kids in Verona Should have waited to marry. 
Bizarre iambic love triangle.  
Poeta_Girovago Ah, hail to thee, o mighty and politic mind! Thy works were banned in my day. Forgive me for pretending not to read them. 
Roses are red Rome must be free Let's roll up on Caesar Before the end of Act Three. 
LeVostreGC I think thy verse is mistaken. 
When thou hast run out of story ideas, just kill everyone. Then start a new play.  
When you finally get to the point where they'll stage anything you write, it's dangerous. For example: Cymbeline.  
Claudius's version of Hamlet is called "How I Met Thy Mother." 
We couldn't have a better national poet than Ned Spenser. But no. Some fool decided that it would be me. 
EpicSacksGuy777 Thou canst always make thy quietus with, ahem, a bare bodkin. 
randyreisen If thou art into extremely old dudes, go right ahead. 
Do you know why all those monkeys typing away never write Hamlet? Auto-correct. 
They say gentlemen prefer blondes. I am a cad who likes brunettes, although I do prefer blond gentlemen. 
Madonna's worn that  outfit before. Queen Elizabeth's Ascension Day, November 1601. 
Reality TV: like bear-baiting, except cruel. 
I was going to go to the  but I couldn't find the right codpiece for the red carpet. 
Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune, Why strew'st thou sugar on that bottled spider?   
"The Harder They Fall" was my working title for Hamlet. Also Lear, Macbeth, Titus, Coriolanus ... You get the idea. 
Francis Beaumont went so far as to die just so he could scoop up my spot in Poet's Corner. So don't tell *me* not to be petty about it. 
PureBSpodcast Mine got you to think that without having to spell it out. 
 A Middle-schooler's Night Dreams 
 The Lying King 
 Kiss Men, Kate 
 West Side Tory 
Queen Elizabeth II. Because sequels aren't always as exciting as the original. 
 Drunk_Austen tinynietzsche GoodTickleBrain QueenGloriana KngHnryVIII Marlowe_Society 
slynncrisp I am haunting thee until thou hast avenged my death. 
ShakespeareinDC Worry not. But never text while you're supposed to be acting. 
My first title for A Midsummer Night's Dream was "Puck Amok." 
Talking with Donne about our plans for  weekend in LA. He insists that we boycott the Mani Cam. 
James I was okay. But I didn't vote for him. 
Shall we not play at bowls, LeVostreGC and KngHnryVIII ? I have special bowling shoes with roses on them. 
But thy mistress' eyes are exactly like the sun: nice enough from an enormous distance, terrifying if you get too close. 
You keep trying to turn lead into gold. I'll keep turning prose into verse. We'll see who gets rich.  
Sometimes, when people are being pompous and patronizing, I'm like, "Oh, look over there. Another statue of me." 
Candlemas, baby! Do holidays get any better than this? 
Some days, that mockery king of snow is actually in charge. And the person being mocked is you. 
All that remains is for Giselle to dress as a boy and wheedle Tom Brady's  ring off him. That's what I would do. 
On the other hand, I must give it up for last-minute dramatics. Nice Act Five.  
Why not just have the adverts say "Budweiser: the kind of beer Elizabethans used to serve their children"?   
American readers never know what I mean by "small beer" because America doesn't have anything else.   
I think they did this at Whitehall during Christmas, 1614. It was called "The Masque of No Sense of Irony."  
And, God help us, halftime apparently involves a Jonsonian masque.  
Not proper football. A bit like rugby for children with protective headgear. Should it be called "thugby?"  
Aren't the New England Patriots the people who dropped all that tea in the harbor?  
Americans need helmets to play football? Raw courage, I am sure.  
All the Americans are distracted by something they've mistaken for football. Time to talk about them while they're not listening. 
We have heard the chimes at midnight, Master Shallow.   
Before vaccines, we could even reuse and recycle children's names. First I had an older sister Joan. Later I got a younger sister Joan. 
Dunno, guardian - Who He? Has the mystery of Shakespeares Sonnets finally been solved?  Culture  The Guardian 
Chaplin = clown Marx Brothers = clowns Three Stooges = clowns Ronald McDonald, etc: Dunno. Some kind of kabuki thing gone bad. 
"The wind is combing my hair." --Hamnet, age 4 (chip off the ole' block) 
Nicosia_Marissa adamghooks Thou hadst me at "Margreta de Grazia." 
Exhaust_Fumes Ned does not speak in verse all the time, sweet lady. Celebrities are not the way you'd imagine them. 
Edmund Spenser's new plan is to tweet the whole Faerie Queene. "I think this way I can finally finish it." Such a bad plan. 
 Booksmith BookSoup FaberBooks thebookseller CityLightsBooks AndersonsBkshp Keplers 
Yeah, you're right. Claudius is kind of a douchebag. 
 thy home town wasn't due to get indoor plumbing for another 300 years. 
 thy poppa got fined for having a trash heap in front of thy house and then went on to become mayor. 
 your momma had eight children and gave two of them the same first name. 
Take no offense at the word "redneck," sweet friends. I am more redneck than any of you all.  
dssearcher2 Take no offense, dear lady. I am but a country lad myself. 
 A Moonshiner's Night Dream 
 Twelfth Night Since Jolene Done Left Me 
 Titus And Ronkus 
Every time someone calls me "Bill," I look around to see Yeats. And I'm never really that keen to see Yeats. 
 Macbeth murdered it. 
I find the phrase  a bit offensive, actually. 
If the poetry is beautiful enough, you can get away with all the sex and violence you want.  
A blizzard named  A ferocious icy rage hell-bent on keeping you home? Jupiter can relate. 
 "The fairy juice wore off."  
 "Hello. My names is Petruchio." 
 "You know she's a boy?" 
 "Yum! Leftovers from the funeral!"  
Being dead isn't always easy. But it beats going on auditions. 
ddlweakness 'Tis true: I've brought pleasure to untold millions, the world couldn't go on without me, and everyone could use a bit more. 
There's only one thing to do when a blizzard closes the theatres: write some sonnets.  
Ah, so the snowy wrath of God is striking Massachusetts and Connecticut in New England. That's where those Puritans live, yes? 
Romeo and Juliet: because your daughter texting her boyfriend in Mantua is not the worst thing that could happen. 
Having a muse of fire is really great. Breaking up with your muse of fire can be terrifying. 
Sometimes in life, you meet people less reasonable that Cleopatra. But you couldn't get away with that in a play. 
_zey313 bateeekha ZainiThoughts Nay. She is not famous enough. 
"I swear I will not die today, for any man's persuasion."   
Things I am learning at  : never take Kit Marlowe to Utah. Thought I'd learned my lesson in Nevada. 
Where can a man get a nice pint of ale in Park City, Utah?  
The world is full of wannabe Iagos. They are no fun. But The Wannabe Iagos is an excellent band name. 
Michael Almeryeda and ethanhawke have retitled their Cymbeline movie "Anarchy." Good news. I can pretend I know nothing about this. 
 "But we ARE married, baby!"  
 "Which twin are you again?" 
 ShakesApp UKShakespeare ShadyShakes shakesstandard CityLightsBooks TelegraphBooks strandbookstore popsonnet Powells 
I wish my dear friend brianblessed many years' health. We shall see him in Actors' Heaven, but I hope not soon. (I owe him ten quid.) 
Read the newest issue of Shakespeare Magazine - UKShakespeare 'Tis free, but easily worth three times its price. 
Nay, I gave my children no vaccines, because I had no vaccines to give. First I had three children. Then I had two. 
Dear Romeo: a street brawl with your new in-laws does not count as a wedding reception. Next time, get a DJ. 
Marlowe_Society PascaleExeter Pistiol has no impulse control. And he never rides his own horse. 
nathiepearl Art thou the Player King? 
Marlowe got stabbed to death in a room where he had the only knife. He wasn't exactly Tamburlaine the Great. 
If your game isn't working after fourteen complete lines, give up and start again later.   
Opera is very strange. I would never have thought, "Falstaff singing! That will be a good time!" 
Help these madcaps film my Merchant in Original Pronunciation, lest they take out an ill-considered loan. 
The greatest tragedy of my life? My name is trochaic. 
Okay. Okay. If thou dost insist, I shall compare thee to a summer's day. But thou wilt not come out looking so good. 
Let's face it. You and King Lear are Never, never, never, never, never Getting back together. 
"I can call spirits from the vasty deep." "Why so can I ... But will they come when you do call for them?"   
Prosehack65 Thou dost know that my fellow Dick Burbage played Othello in 1604, dost thou not? We used makeup. 
I think it would be totally reasonable for all the  to go to white people. I mean, reasonable in 1604. 
Christine_Wands When I really want to insult Scotland, thou wilt know. 
Eating at McDonalds is so unlucky that I will not even speak that name. I call it The Scottish Place. 
ajillfoster If Ronald McDonald were actually a clown, he would be funny. His sandwiches are funnier, and those sandwiches are sad. 
Worried about the living theatre? I will explain the problem to thee: all your smart playwrights are too afraid to be stupid.  
ajillfoster Thou dost not know how to have a good time. 
You're worried about how to "engage with the audience"? And you don't have even ONE clown?   
More pentameter. No more microphones.  
You want to make theatre more exciting? No more of this namby-pamby "indoors" business.  
All the world's a stage. But if you try doubling as two or three different characters, people get sooo upset. 
I think some of your politicians have taken my "listen to the fool" advice too far. 
 Shakespeareance InternetShakes UKShakespeare Marlowe_Society sfshakes ShakespeareRes shakesstandard SBTeducation bencrystal 
hernameisjuju 
 The second best bed, Ann. 
 The rest is silence. OW!!! 
Nay, "What the goodyear?" means nothing at all. But the censor liked it, and I was way ahead of the curve on product placement. 
I will admit that every year Ben Jonson doesn't get any  is rather nice. 
If I'd done "Boyhood," it would have been: too young for the stage, playing women, too old to play women. 
Burbage is sulking because he didn't get any  I point out that he hasn't acted since 1619. He says, "Exactly! You see?" 
Dress like your brother again?  
 I will tame thee, shrew! 
 Othello has a point, though 
Let's be clear: 'tis Master Chaucer who is father of English Literature. I am English Literature's slightly raffish uncle. 
If Falstaff gains another ten pounds, the Earth is going to start orbiting him. 
A free mind and blank verse beats free verse and a blank mind.  
tinynietzsche That's such a Gregorian-calendar thing to say. 
HensloweDiary Oh, and tell Ned I said hullo. 
HensloweDiary Well, I owned 12.5 of the Globe. Give me a 20 stake in the Rose (or, ahem the Fortune) and I'll be right over. 
My works teach the eternal truths: gravediggers are funny, you can find magic spirits stuck in trees, and chicks dig a hunchback. 
My parents did not want me to be an actor. They wanted me to go into something more scientific and practical, like astrology. 
HensloweDiary Master Henslowe, I see I am nowhere in thy books. Why hast thou never given me a break? 
Double date in the woods by moonlight. Someone turns into a jackass. It's not always supernatural. 
If thou art really, really in a jam, try to get captured by pirates. 
Yes, Hamlet wears black every single day. One less decision for him to make. 
mightyjim Yea, indeed. Because that's what poor artists do to rich, famous people. 
Then all the hiring committees at  kept saying "peer review, peer review." Bloody House of Lords. 
Eleven buckram men grown out of two!  
Apparently co-authored plays count for less on my CV. But the big problem is that I haven't finished the degree.  
Bidding  a fond farewell. But to speak truth, I got only two interviews. This job market is murther. 
ADZMB15 LeVostreGC Marlowe's banned from the pub. Because of the last time. 
LeVostreGC Also, I met this dame named "Alisoun" in Southwark, who says she knows thee. Gap-toothed, likes a good time, big hat? 
LeVostreGC TheRiler 'Tis all good, Master Chaucer. I love Gower well. And he's buried near my little brother. 
TheRiler LeVostreGC Skelton tends bar. 
Can't get a quiet pint with Master Spenser or Master Chaucer without Beaumont tagging along. Oh well.  
There is an  panel called, "Why Chaucer?" Answer: because Boccaccio is in a strange tongue.  
LeVostreGC The Matrix or  who wears more black leather? 
What am I going to do after Henry VI? Write four prequels and add a new comic-relief character. Your move, George Lucas. 
Mattie_Burkert douglasduhaime I'll gladly take credit for anything Congreve did.  
 - breakfast with Dante and Boccaccio. Never a mistake. 
ghobubo LeVostreGC I can say with utmost confidence that Marlowe is mostly a danger to himself. 
The last words I heard Donne saying to that woman were "room service."  
Jonson keeps asking where Donne has got to. And also looking for that redhead from the hotel bar. Sometimes Jonson can be slow.  
Dinner at  Milton's gone vegan. Jonson keeps reading Yelp and changing our reservation. Marlowe has no cash. The same every year. 
Falstaff Beer went out of business? How? 
lucycmunro Brrr, Watson. Still a bit scared of that one. 
lucycmunro I wouldn't worry. Last time Kit got into a scuffle, he ended up getting stabbed with his own knife. 
Today is the Marlowe panel at  Always a treat, especially when Marlowe heckles. 
Exhaust_Fumes Even if I agree to give a paper? 
 panels about me are always called "Shakespeare amp; the Law" or "Shakespeare amp; Psychoanalysis." Never "Shakespeare amp; a Quiet Drink" 
JavierBelchr Nay, gentle youth. No can do. 
It's strange watching Jonson listen to an  paper about himself. Nothing makes him happy.  
I had Three Gentlemen of Verona until dress rehearsal. Then we cut the unfunny one. 
In Vancouver for  Keep giggling because "Van Couver" would be such a good name for a stage Dutchman. 
It turns out GregSemenza is giving a public talk about me today at  So I finally know where to find that guy. 
gigibeevee Yes. Exactly. And Ben Jonson *loved it*. 
Erasmus said it best: "The Devill, proude sprite ... cannot stand to be mocked." And that is just why he must be. 
BrendanReads ShspFactory Yea. I had heard that rumour, but you youngsters pronounce everything so oddly I wasn't sure I had it right. 
I did write a sequel to Hamlet: "Horatio the Avenger." How have you not heard of it? 
Oh, please. Everyone knows Paul McCartney. Many Britons have known the man Biblically. 
onceapapergirl De nada. 
RealHubbard All the cool kids were doing it. And it's not so hard if you can count to eleven. 
Cakes, check. Ale, check. Yellow stockings, check. Once I find those cross-garters, I'm ready.  
Stephen Fry is taken? Sad. But stephenfry married the younger man? I should have tried that.  
Editions of my plays are like the Internet: you have a much better time if you don't read the comments. 
wronsweeney Ask thy advisor. 
All ye who go unto MLA to seek jobs as scholars: be bold, and wear thy biggest codpiece. (Rosalinds and Violas, too.) 
The Tempest, or: that time Inwas drinking with Jonson and he dared me to put Forbidden Planet in pentameter. 
It's hard to find roast boar's head or stuffed capon these days. And if you ask on Craigslist, things get weird. 
I'd like to see Richard III visit Downton Abbey. They're just asking for him. 
This hat is Nan our maid. I am the dog. No, the dog is himself, and I am the dog. The dog is me, and I am myself.   
Found Iago in the returns line, trying to exchange the gift I gave Othello. 
 UKShakespeare shakesstandard ShakespeareRes GoodTickleBrain shakespearectr The_Globe LeVostreGC tinynietzsche Drunk_Austen 
I do love the West End. But every so often I see a play that makes me wonder who is haunting whom. 
My first title for Macbeth was, "Murther, She Wrote" 
In my day, we also celebrated the New Year on the 25th of March. So any New Year's resolutions that don't last until March don't count. 
I celebrate every First of January in much the same way: bringing Marlowe a little bail money. 
provbate Congratulations on thy knighthood, knight! Sidney Lee sends his welcome! 
conor610 provbate We shall see, noble youth. 
Walked a drunk Ben Jonson home through London after 3 am, as he composed an impromptu "Ode to Janus." Happy New Year to all. 
Drunk, Scots, and incomprehensible: talking to Robert Burns on New Year's Eve is like trying to talk to the King. 
Auld Lang what now? Speak English, Robbie. I'm from England. 
I have no idea what Robbie Burns is saying right now. It's never easy, and right now he's extremely drunk. 
Happy New Year, living people! Enjoy! 
Okay, 2015. THIS is the year I finish Loves Labours Won. 
On the Seventh Day of Christmas, Hamlet is still in a mood. 
acissxj Alas, young lady, 'tis Shylock who's thy daddy. 
Mukudzei_ KarenPaida My thanks, young friends. 
If you're in a tragedy and you can't tell who the clown is, it's you. 
boilinpot Tis not true. 
All ye who sent pictures of yourselves in tights: my thanks. And one word of  career advice: Radio. 
Do you you want to be an actor? How do you look in tights? 
On the Fifth Day of Christmas, Falstaff gets taken to hospital. Sometime on the Sixth Day of Christmas he puts cheap sack in his IV. 
Just 420 years ago tonight, we were doing Comedy of Errors at the Inns of Court. Feels like only 346 years, tops. 
And they say people do my plays too often. Let's talk about this "Nutcracker." 
Let the sky rain potatoes.   
Returning Christmas presents. How can ALL of these codpieces be the wrong size? 
Happy Boxing Day to the Dark Lady, who keepeth my Yule Log burning all year long, 
Boxing Day: the day I first showed King James King Lear 
Totally got cut from the Doctor Who special this year. 
When I was eight years old, a new star appeared in the sky at year's end. We were excited. Nothing else happened.  
How much eggnog can Falstaff drink? We have eleven more days to go. 
RT chicagoshakes: A  Lover's Christmas.  
At Christmas I no more desire a rose Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled mirth, But like of each thing that in season grows. 
Every time we bring the Christmas tree into the house, Macbeth starts acting nervous. 
Under the greenwood tree Who loves to lie with me Assembling this ruddy bicycle Till quarter after three? Happy  
Never ask Hamlet what he wants for Christmas. He won't decide until June. 
Prospero is a genius at planning tropical winter getaways. But he's a disaster at booking returns. 
Dost thou know how much Chanukah gelt 3000 VEnetian ducats will buy? 
jeremistletoe I buy or sell no souls. But try Marlowe. 
Nay, I care not for this "Elf on a Shelf." Nor will I do mine own version: rhyming things with "Puck" gets dangerous fast. 
Holiday tips: Friar Laurence will be happy to send your letter on to Santa. Put don't expect it to get there until January. 
Base, proud, beggarly, three-suited, hundred-pound, filthy worsted-stocking knave!   
DaintyBallerina My gratitude, sweet lady. My true intent is all for your delight. 
Holiday tips: Sir Toby Belch sings an excellent Christmas carol. But he remembers verses that children should not hear. 
Happy birthday to my boy, young John Fletcher. I taught him aught he knoweth. 
LeVostreGC Your Troilus and Creiseyde kicketh ers. 
LeVostreGC Your faithful servant, Master Chaucer. 
Master Chaucer on NPR! Singe Nowell! LeVostreGC Gentlefolk All, Survive Your Holidays With Help From Chaucer : NPR 
Holiday tips: Falstaff makes a decent Santa Claus as long as no one sits on his lap. 
Holiday advice: those who spit on Shylock in the Rialto do NOT get latkes. 
Advice for the holidays: avoid Malvolio under the mistletoe. 
We never gave Guy Fawkes veto power at The Globe. Nor the Blackfriars. 
Is there a coded message hidden in my works? Yea indeed. It sayeth, "B SURE TO DRYNKE THINE OVALTYNE." 
FullerBrieanah 'Tis not the question. I can, but I will not. 
FullerBrieanah That breaks my heart, child. I shall just have to make do with the hundreds of millions of fans I still have. 
What good is a pound of flesh? It depends. Whose flesh are we talking about? 
Okay, fine. You want to play  ? Let's play: To Be Or Not To Be 
Happy birthday to Dame Judi Dench! Eighty years thou hast achieved, but thou wilt always be May (nay, March) to my December. 
My original ambition was to co-write a play with Marlowe. I still think that "Shrew of Malta" would be a hit. 
Birdman: washed-up actor turning someone else's book into play vividly imagines people who aren't real. All a bit close to home, that. 
Christmas with King Lear -- dividing the presents, asking who's been nicest, then giving Cordelia's gifts to her sisters. Kind of a drag. 
Those poor sods playing Father Christmas -- just imagine, having to impersonate someone that famous in public. 
"Shakespeare's Leading Ladies Chocolates." Really. Thou canst write thy own Desdemona jokes. WhatsOnStage 
Having brunch with Kit Marlowe. Always safer to pick up the check. 
Therefore my age is as a lusty winter, / Frosty, but kindly.   
Dost thou know who my Dark Lady was? No. No, thou dost not. And neither does my wife. 
queercap Those lines are complicated because Romeo is showing off how clever he is to impress a girl. 
Dickens just prints money with this Christmas play. I should have written one with a holiday title like *cough, hint* Twelfth Night. 
Is it a bit cold today? Please. I've walked straight across the Thames. 
 KingsHeadThtr ShakespeareRes 2Bshakespeare TheQueenofScots TheActorsCentre crucibletheatre LordLackbeards 
willashon 'Tis I, in very sooth. 
If Chekhov shows you a gun in Act One, he'll fire it in Act Three. I hide Chekhov's bullets during Act Two. 
Does this statue make me look fat? 
Don't kid thyself: New York is still New Amsterdam. The same guys who said we'd all make billions in the tulip market are still here. 
Listen, Shylock, I just want to borrow five quid till next Tuesday. We don't need to make this into a whole thing. 
HoeMALONE We are not talking about sane parents, child. We are talking about Italians. 
MariahShotts This is why I got the restraining order, lady. 
HoeMALONE Time to work on your Wayback Machine, young lady. 'Tis thy only hope. 
If thou hast been wondering about birthday boy John Milton: Yes. He has full sight of her without restraint. And that is his heaven. 
dy_lord I think that we can all agree that John did not say that. 
Happy birthday to John Milton! I got thee a painting, a photo album, and some DVDs! 
Somewhere, someone is writing a terrible essay about me. I can feel it. 
God above, I used to love older women. But it's been a long time since I met one. 
What to get Mary, Queen of Scots for her birthday? Husbands. She can always use one more. 
Today is my day for a drink and a walk in Central Park with a brother Englishman. Happy Christmas, John. 
The Earl of Oxford has also been known to claim that he's Father Christmas. Just FYI. 
Here was a consent/ Knowing aforehand of our merriment/ To dash it like a Christmas comedy.   
Nay, I have no "diet tips" for thee. When I wish to look thinner, I just stand next to Falstaff. 
terrawindham I thank thee, lady. 
KennyBrendan Art thou counting Juliet as a villain? 
joshliz311 brookecollins_ Nay, thy friend is right. A sonnet takes between five and eight tweets. 
j_gemelo2 You, Hamlet, Ophelia, Lear ... get in line. 
Who makes the best egg nog? Mine Host of the Garter. 
NicolaNeyhaul Alas, my agent is a bottle of sack. 
Goog heavens. It's almost the end of the year and I haven't had a new play since 1614. 
The Merry Wives of Winter  
"Live"as opposed to what, exactly?   
Take my advice: don't sleep with anyone tragic. 
If some of your elected officials remind you of Iago ... well, yeah. 
Look, next time I hear the chimes at midnight it had better not be thee on my phone. 
The main difference between Hamlet and Batman is that Hamlet might be faking the crazy. 
tadHANNAH Look not for love from dead people child. 
sened Michel_Pimpant All poetry is lying, Monsieur. I told a few fins about Macbeth, too. 
Michel_Pimpant sened C'est vrai. 
If someone tells me how much he loved Taming of the Shrew, my daughters have to stop seeing him. 
mukesxbox Thou dost know this is actual history, right? What happened next is not a secret. 
Why did I divide Henry VI into three separate plays? Two words: Peter Jackson. 
Queen Elizabeth always wanted live theatre for Christmas. Just saying.  
London will always be my favorite city. But getting around on horseback really has become a chore. 
paulinexo97 To get paid, my boy. Why else?  
dy_lord The BBC also pretends to know my precise birthday. 
Today is my 432d wedding anniversary. Or hereabouts. Haven't been sure of the exact day for 431 years. Sorry, Anne. 
SJRenProf Alas, good sir, I must plea guilty. The "thy momma" jokes were my idea. 
Villain, I have done thy mother.   
Like a lonely dragon.   
Winter cometh. 
Reality TV is like smallpox for your eyes. 
Anytime anything awful happens with the Baltimore Ravens, I blame Poe. Never get in an elevator with Poe. 
JoeDramaTurg Advent started on December 2 in 1582. We needed a licence to get married by December 1. 
432 years ago today Anne and I got our marriage licence. And then she, poor fool, actually married me. 
Marlowe may have been better at tragedy, but I was better at comedy. (Happy endings were really not Kit's thing.) 
beatricemaddie 'Tis okay, child. I shall forgive thee just this once. 
If William Bradford had left thy country and never come back, thou too wouldst be thankful.   
Haters just needs hate, Haider: 
Today I give thanks that Titus Andronicus will not be helping with dinner. 
Nay, I wrote no four-and-a-half-hour plays for The Globe. Two words: London sundown. 
And I thought I'd hidden that  from the French.  
All I'm saying is, Othello keeps being stopped for reckless driving. And Othello doesn't have a car. 
ohwowbtfuckyou Dost hate me, Spaniard? Why not assemble an armada and come after me? Oh wait, that's right ... That did not work so well. 
If you go shopping for your 382nd wedding anniversary, don't expect much help from listicles. 
Note to Hamlet: dress in red next time. It hides the stains better. 
We all have a little Bottom the Weaver in us. But Titania has had a little more than most. 
But I was a gentleman born before my father.   
I moved out of my parents' house when I was 18. My brother Gilbert's ghost is still there. He has to listen to the daily tours. 
This weekend I shall get Ben Jonson so drunk that he won't be able to speak anything but Latin. 
"No enemy but winter and rough weather" turns out to be two enemies. 
t_rimp42 What was I thinking about when I wrote Othello? $$$. Or, to be honest, . 
I love actors. But when I've had enough of actors for a bit, I close my door and write sonnets. 
CPEnnen I thank thee, noble youth. 
SeytonSays Alas, we were all anti-Semites and fools in my day. It was only my bigotry against the Welsh that set me apart. 
My wife was 26 when we got married: twice the woman Juliet was. 
 day is done. But some keep it in their hearts all year long.  
God bless all of England's theatres, and bless England for them.   
Bless every innyard and guild hall where I ever played, and everyone where my words were played without me.   
Bless the Fortune, the Swan, the Cockpit, the Rose. The Whitefriars, the Phoenix, the Hope and the Red Bull.   
God bless the Theatre, The Curtain, the Blackfriars, and the Globe, the Bull, the Bell, and the Cross Keys.   
I love haunting the dressing rooms of the oldvictheatre -- I used to move Gielgud's props around when he wasn't looking.  
Had the walls of the Globe's tiring-house been able to speak, they would not. They were silent as a trusty friend.  
Happy  Day!  
marian_bouchot 'Twas Queen Elizabeth's rule.  
I'm not really the Earl of Oxford. But I have got his credit cards. 
Wait ... Branagh filmed ALL of my Hamlet scripts spliced together? Dear God, why? 
JessWhatsername Thou canst not stop me. Thou canst not even hope to contain me. 
At last, Wonder Woman dressed so that I can be seen with her in public: 
RealSaintNic___ But thou hast enjoyed thy bangers and mash, dear Nick. 
'Tis not the season of Christmas until Father Christmas is too busy to turn up at the pub. 
[SPOILERS] Julius Caesar dies. 
SJRenProf My agent loves it! 
SJRenProf Nay. Sir Toby Belch vs. Mistress Page and Mistress Ford. 
angelinajaffe4 Nay, answer me! Stand and unfold yourself! (Hamlet I.i.2) 
My agent says I should, ah, "Marvel-ize my universe with cross-overs." Next up: Dogberry vs. Falstaff. 
I pray thee, eat this leek.   
DustinLives ParkSquare I thank thee, youth. 
Listen: if thou art being pursed by a bear, one way or the other thou WILT be making an exit. 
Absent thee from Felicity a while. She doth not love thee as I do. 
'Tis a good weekend to stay indoors, drinking mulled wine and reading Spenser. 
SonnyGoodman_ Dull-witted boy, I shall still be famous when thou art forgotten and thy bones are dust. 
Ah. GoodTickleBrain has finally caught my Monty Python references: 
I did never aspire to own the world. But I did once possess one eighth part of The Globe. 
If thou should'st ever make any money from thy poetry, invest in real estate. Trust me on this.  
I was going to call Titus Andronicus "Hell's Kitchen." 
Happy birthday to  -- only 424 years younger than mine own Anne. 
jayeklmnop Never fight a dead man, child. Thou art the only one with something to lose. 
All the world's a stage. But some of the actors mumble. 
On November 11, I have a quiet drink with my young friend Wilfrid Owen: the poet who almost lived.  
Happy Martinmas to one and all! Enjoy your beef! 
I'm a lover and no mistake/The dream that makes your lady hate to wake/The Sea of Love my private lake/Plundering booty like Francis Drake 
The second-best bed is actually pretty good, when you consider the sheer numbers involved. 
No matter how dreary this Monday may seem, always remember: Anthony Munday was worse. 
'Tis always better to write thy beloved a sonnet than to sit home alone fingering thy lute. 
helenhandbasket Thou might'st escape a bear by miracle. But beer will pursue thee to the ends of the Earth. 
helenhandbasket Shall I take out a restraining order, 'gainst thee? 
I like Portia fine, but let's be honest. Picking the gold casket was a better move.  
Our wooing doth not end like an old play. / Jack hath not Jill.   
How I wish reincarnation were a real thing. Not that I want to go back myself. But there are some people I'd like to get rid of. 
PorterSqBooks Sinply say "We shelve those in Narnia." 
Some nights I go out looking for cakes and ale. Some nights I don't need the cakes. 
I went to St. Paul's Cathedral today. Not ONE playbill posted inside! Where are the PR people? 
MT dy_lord :"And if Lucas had offered you the screenwriting job?" In pentameter would old Yoda speak. 
These be not the droids thou seekest. 
Three things every actor must know: how to speak poetry, how to talk to the groundlings, how to get sheep's blood out of a satin doublet. 
austinshakes frenchlegation Rostand is a hexameter-writing whippersnapper, but thy poster kicketh ass. 
 Marlowe_Society SBTeducation UKShakespeare TheatreforaNewA GoodTickleBrain shakesstandard BoringShakespre grassrootsbard 
Now thou canst watch The Globe's plays from many leagues away. Like witchcraft: Globe Player  Shakespeare's Globe 
The rain it raineth every day. And then the sleet comes. 
There's nothing good or bad but teaching makes it so: 
Why did I write a play about rape, murder, human sacrifice and cannibalism? Because I knew there would be a good part for me.  
DaintyBallerina Keeping a bit distant from Ben is always a good idea. And, to speak the truth, more pleasant. 
I celebrate  the same way every year: with paranoid fear that the neighbors are part of the  
I punned a lot. Because I actually listened to the sounds of the words I was writing.  
If alanmoore_ had met the actual  he wouldn't think he was so cool and romantic. And vice versa, naturally. 
Look! 'Tis that knave Guy Fawkes! Bring me my sword! 
Here is the moral of Hamlet (Ghost edition): you have to drop dead before your children will listen to you. 
All of you shippers on  give it up. She doesn't love him. 
CamilaUrElame Well, thou art standing in the rain shouting like a crazy person. 'Tis a start. 
ActLukeAdamson Omnibus_Clapham Good for thee, boy. And remember well: thou canst not spend too much on warm hose. 
Actors today will never know the thrill of acting outdoors in November.  
'Tis hard to find a good take-out capon place in New York City. And when I tried to explain what I wanted, someone called the police. 
Dost thou think the Christmas decorations are up too early? I will spend the next two months listening to Dickens nattering about Scrooge. 
lahappy1 Susannah got the best bed, because Susannah got everything. 
Had brunch with Thomas Kyd today. After the third Bellini he always challenges me to a "pentameter-off." 
TheatreforaNewA I was sitting with Kyd, who can be terribly judge-y, but he loved it. 
Thou art Kaiser, Caesar, and Pheezer!  
The first rule of playing Tamburlaine: TAKE NO PRISONERS. Well done TheatreforaNewA 
At  Come, good TheatreforaNewA and show these Marlowe virgins death. 
Marlowe_Society Now, dearest Kit, all I hope for is a three-picture deal. 
matthewharrison Nicosia_Marissa I thank thee, young sir. 
When I was 24, I just wanted to be good enough to write a play like  
ColettieLynn We would *all* appreciate it if thou didst laundry. 
rhianngraace AbieWhitehead Thy grammar is very strange, child, 
New York for the opening night of  Feels like the Eighties. The Fifteen Eighties 
Ah, bleak and chill November: my wedding anniversary is coming. 
Bloody Earl of Oxford dressed as me for  Again. 
Thou wilt surely me, O TheatreforaNewA , if thou keep'st the house lights on through the performance. 'Twas how we did it.  
Crossed the Atlantic to find that  TheatreforaNewA doesn't open until tomorrow. Just a ghost haunting New York on Halloween. 
Best thing about  Garrick lets me borrow his hydraulic Hamlet fright wig. 
 is very nice, but I have a strict three-witch limit. 
In New York, on the subway, for Halloween. Two other people on this car wearing *exactly* the same hose as I.  
Dressing as Marlowe for  - the fake dagger in the forehead did get a few stares at the airport. 
Heathrow: like pressing to death, whipping, and hanging, but with duty-free liquor. 
Thursday:  in London. Friday:  in faraway Brooklyn. And nothing stands between but (alas!) Heathrow. 
Saw a lovely  The_Globe tonight. Always been a fan of Ford's. Never managed that title with a straight face. 
There's technically no such thing as a sexy witch. But anybody looks sexy after you've had a little eye of newt. 
It was just a simple contract. Then Shylock met a gorgeous dame who might be the death of him: MISTRESS MERCY.  
Her husband let her go to the woods. But tonight, Titania will give in to: THE BEAST INSIDE HER  
They said Juliet was too young to get married. But she had only SIX days to LIVE: Shakespeare's HONEYMOON IN THE CRYPT  
It was a perfect marriage. Perfect for MURDER: Shakespeare's BLOODY SCOTLAND  
 Because if you can play the assassination of Caesar on Capitol Hill .... 
Halloween decorations can be pretty offensive when you're actually a ghost. 
delcerebro berkun Flapdragon 
On the other hand, I will totally compare thee to an autumn day. 
SchoolFellDown Richard III would be well served by gangster rap. A Midsummer Night's Dream is more of a smooth jam. 
There are really only three stories: audience goes away unhappy, audience goes away happy, audience never comes.  
I never said anything about a balcony. I wrote "Juliet at her window" and people got carried away: 
The only thing more frightening than reading Seneca's Medea is coming home to find your wife reading it. 
kradmacher Verily, lady. Thou art damn right. 
Emmabem Indeed. Those were losses who rocked it. 
hamletroyals It is the cause, my soul. Name it not: it is the cause. 
The bad news: "Shakespeare's Sisters" on the CW will be surely be terrible. The good news: it must needs be better than "Gotham." 
Something called "the CW" is making a telly program about my youth. Methinks "CW" does not mean County of Warwick: 
"Your father, even in his habit as he lived."  
ANAKOYHER Ah! My thanks, lady. And a retweet. The answer was always "to be." 
ANAKOYHER Alas, I speak no Muscovite. But I have a part for you in Love's Labours Lost. 
"Witches made me do it" almost never works as an excuse. At least not for me. 
What should I be for  Thinking of going as the ghost of someone famous. 
Happy Birthday, Erasmus. Thanks for all the humanism and stuff. 
What do I like to read for  The Duchess of Malfi and the spooky bits of the Aeneid. 
Two loves I have, of comfort and despair. The comfort sex is quite nice. The despair sex is amazing. 
Now o'er the one-half world/ Nature seems dead, and wicked dreams abuse/ The curtained sleep.   
s00_kawaii Ask Titania, Queen of the Fairies.   
bitxhcraft Take it not to heart, child. In the morning thou wilt be alive and I will still be dead 
Like unto Jagger, like to Jagger moves he. 
bitxhcraft My pardon, lady. Methought you had bandages for my insults. 
bitxhcraft Where dost thou put these "insult badges," thou ague-faced coxcomb? Upon thine ego? 
pillypiepaulson Shall I count thee a member of Team Paris, young lady? 
Today is the Feast of Saint Crispin. Or, as I like to call it, Frenchman's Halloween. 
If thou art in New York, hie thee to Washington Square for my Henry V. If thou art in London, hold thy manhood cheap 
ZOMG! Tomorrow is St. Crispin's Day and I haven't even started shopping.  
 The_Wit_of_Will EMLDN REED_Project EarlyDramaNet FolgerResearch WtfRenaissance InternetShakes 
Please, vaccinate thyself against the dread influenza. The astrological influence of malevolent planets is NO joke. 
Near the end of my acting career, I too tried plastic surgery. My surgeon was also my barber. Bad times. 
Write as if your audience is smart enough to see your ending coming. Especially if it's a history play.  
Who steals my purse steals trash. I have been using my purse to pick up trash. 
Bohemiangirl 'Twas not I. 'Twas Compositor B. 
The moral of Marlowe's Dr. Faustus? Never sell thy *own* soul to the Devil. That's why I sold him Marlowe's. 
Nay. I will not edit thy manuscript, teach thy class, or do thy schoolwork. But if thou hast an acting gig, keep me in mind. 
harrylastly Nay. She knows where to find my books. 
njcalums You probably want a publisher who's still alive, dear girl. 
livtheroux go ahead. Knock thyself out. 
lmnorthrop Thou art not crazy, child. Thou art rehearsing. 
MICHAELBERKERY I am not answering any questions about Macbeth either. Work it out for thyself. 
English Seneca read by candlelight, late on an autumn night, will start to creep thee out.  
lmaoaIaina Don't turn on the vowels when thou art writing, child. Thou wilt need them all. 
I myself am pleased that Americans can now compete for the  -- How else could the Americans lose? 
It was the nightingale and not the lark.  
Thou art half right. Because thou art virtuous, there shall be no cakes and ale *for thee.* Thou dost not know how to party. 
Every time Freud went anywhere near a Ouija board I'd pretend to be the ghost of his father.  
What do I think of Jonson's plays, Marlowe's plays, Dekker's plays, etc.? It depends. Is there a good part for me? 
Love advice from Lady Macbeth: 
I have an "After-Bucket List." It's for stuff I want to do now that I'm dead. 
Iambic Love Triangle  
Wife in Warwickshire  
Fourteen Sad Lines  
macaylarye 'Tis all my lane, child. I am just allowing thee to pass through. 
I wanted to call The Globe "The Glove Playhouse" in honor of my old dad. Alas for my faulty penmanship! 
dy_lord And those Bears had fur! ''Twas most unjust in the bleak midwinter. 
Now  is done. It's October.  ran right through the winter. Kids today, I tell thee.  
Comedy: because once a happy couple has no problems, no one wants to keep listening to them.  
Two Gentlemen of Verona was going to be my greatest love story. Then I had to add some parts for women. 
Worried about a dread disease? Take nine friends to the country for ten days and tell each other sexy stories.  
