text 
The irony of VandeHei's piece: he claims to have no use for "lazy, conventional" thinking 
Ryan believes deference towards experts separates the left amp; right. He may be onto something 
mvandemar I think you're right! Thanks for flagging. 
Can't wrap my head about DeLay's praise of Hastert Does he not understand the allegations? 
mattyglesias Well, it's not *that* nuts. I still do it! 
Taxpayer-subsidized employment discrimination is fundamentally an odd thing 
SailorPsy Absolutely. Thanks for catching this and letting me know. 
As legacy issues go, McAuliffe's strides on voting rights, bucking US trend, are impressive 
When Trump boasted today about his support for increasing taxes on the wealthy, his claims were demonstrably wrong 
When jobless claims reach a four-decade low, it's hard not to feel encouraged about the state of the US job market 
Real_Food Actually, no, she's just on one of them. 
Tough call: pointlessness of the GOP's anti-Planned Parenthood panel vs. pointlessness of the GOP's Benghazi panel 
JennieinDC Quite right, Jennie. My only reference to the June calendar today referred to the Republican race, which wraps up a week prior. 
SimonMaloy I thought I'd already cornered that market. Being a nervous guest who talks too fast is my schtick! Get your own! 
Sanders is no hypocrite on tax deductions. Better question: why right seems so confused about what hypocrisy means 
BellowUp That's both well said and a good catch. Thanks. 
The rules allow Sanders to urge superdelegates to override voters' will. But is it wise? 
The allegation that the DNC amp; Clinton campaign hatched an illegal fundraising scheme doesn't seem to hold up well 
GOP has promised an ACA alternative since *June 09*. The ongoing fiasco just keeps going 
Why does Donald Rumsfeld think the IRS writes the federal tax code? 
Do voters really care if Sanders stumbles on FP questions that fall outside his wheelhouse? 
Sanders makes his *42nd* Sunday-show appearance of 2016 today - easily  for the year so far. 42 tops anyone else in all of 2014 and 2015. 
DrJHaulsee I'm so relieved there are photos. Just reading about it wouldn't have been nearly enough. 
Given all of his experience, it's amazing how often John Kasich is his own worst enemy 
Fun to consider the possibility: GOP presidential nominee may not pick his own running mate 
eigenseide Thanks, Barbara, for the heads-up. Nice catch! 
Forget the 2016 chatter - Paul Ryan is struggling in important ways in his *current* job 
bostonsboy87 But as I explained in the piece, that's not quite compelling. If you have a few minutes, click the link. 
Sanders says Southern primaries "distort reality." I hope he'll explain what that means 
Responding to GOP passivity towards the Zika virus, the White House has stopped being polite amp; started getting real 
I'm a little surprised the RNC's sleazy new fundraising scheme isn't a bigger story (yet) 
WH Science Fair is a timely reminder: Obama sets a very high bar for pro-science leadership 
Grassley thinks the left wants him to flip-flop on SCOTUS nom. He actually has it backwards 
Which is the bigger mystery: why Carson is on Team Trump or why Team Trump asks Carson to go on TV as a surrogate? 
Sanders is right that much of Clinton's current lead "came from the South," but that's only part of a broader story 
Increasingly, Trump uses "corrupt nonsense" and "the complex mechanics of the nominating process" interchangeably 
Want to hear my disembodied voice on the TV machine? I'll be on towards the end of maddow show tonight on msnbc . Tune in; it'll be fun 
Ironic to see GOP blast Trump's mishmash of ineffectual health care ideas Didn't he learn it from watching them? 
AdamJamesBooks Help me out, Adam, which graphic are you referring to? 
OranMagal Well said, Oran. Well said. 
XLProfessor That's a good point! 
"Obamacare for financial planning" joins Obamacare for the Internet, Obamacare for banks, Atomic Obamacare... 
DrJenGunter Fair enough! But when evaluating candidates based on who appeals to a broad mainstream, Cruz's agenda is ... problematic. 
Just one of the many, many reasons Dems just don't seem to fear this guy's general-election appeal 
By any sensible metric, no one else would come close. (I'm fairly certain Cruz wouldn't disagree with the thesis.) 
Mitch McConnell believes this Republican Congress has been "incredibly productive." Um, no 
A rare treat when voting-rights opponents accidentally tell the truth about voter-ID laws 
dtpayton Actually, in reality, most of the jobs created since the end of the recession have been full-time 
DavidJManson It seems like the only appropriate response given the circumstances, right? 
All things considered, I still think this is the toughest chart for ACA critics to explain 
DanteAtkins downwithtyranny Right. But just to clarify further, Team Sanders hasn't taken any formal steps to boost his candidacy, yes? 
downwithtyranny Fair point, Howie, but just to clarify, this has developed independent of the Sanders campaign, correct? Or am I mistaken? 
Clinton's new area of emphasis: She's helping down-ballot Dems; Bernie isn't 
Have you ever seen a kid try to deliver a book report on a book he/she clearly didn't read? Yeah, that. 
In '09, Obama accepted a challenge: judge his agenda by the results in Elkhart. Jobless rate went from 20 to 3.8 
After Jerry Moran caved to far-right pressure on SCOTUS, it's tempting to feel sorry for him. Resist that temptation 
RCPress_Sean Hi Sean. Feel free to reach out via achelmsnbc.com 
momoney2016 Sorry, MM, but I'm pretty sure Bush wasn't president in January 2010 
Why is the Obama admin crowing about Tesla's success? It's an interesting story, actually 
For anyone rooting for the US economy, there's a lot to like in the new jobs report 
Poll shows Romney does worse in a general election than Trump (and Ryan's not much better) 
Suspect some Dem officials - i.e. superdelegates - took note of Sanders' "We'll see" answer 
markacasper Well said, Mark. (Plus, you called me "sir," which I appreciate.). I'll update the piece with additional info. 
If you haven't seen it, the video of Trump's new abortion comments is pretty striking 
SocialSeerCom I'm so glad you reminded me. Thanks. Updating now.... 
The NYT labeled Ayotte a "moderate." That's not just wrong, it also exacerbates a problem 
Can anyone explain what in the world Trump's latest comments on nuclear proliferation were supposed to mean? 
As of last night, the RNC's "loyalty pledge" is no more. The result? Expect increased chaos 
It's not just the gov's sex scandal - Alabama's entire state govt appears to be in crisis 
markkirkhq Thanks for reaching out. I'm all ears, so feel free to send any clarifications my way. 
Not convinced NC Gov. Pat McCrory fully understands the anti-LGBT law he signed 
The "we weren't really trying" pitch seems likely to annoy a whole lot of Sanders supporters 
Rising political tide isn't lifting all boats: Obama's support is growing, Congress' is not 
peterkohan Actually, yes. Without call-ins, Bernie's lead is obviously much larger. 
So far in 2016, interesting to see Bernie Sanders lead Donald Trump in Sunday-show appearances, 33 to 30 (per week avg: 2.5 to 2.3) 
No idea if it'll last, but it's been a long while since Obama's support looked this strong in Gallup tracking poll 
crossG2V Great catch, Emily. Thanks for the heads-up. 
Republicans' rhetoric on terrorism seems increasingly detached from the reality of Obama's successes against ISIS 
Tip for congressional reps: Don't call for a major US city to suffer a recession on purpose 
Some folks confused by "existential" MT MSNBC Obama: ISIS is "not an existential threat" 
Sometimes, when we say conservative SCOTUS justices don't know what they're talking about, we mean it literally 
DC shouldn't tell states what to do, but states should trash cities' progressive policies? 
Good to see POTUS trash Cruz's plan to "patrol amp; secure Muslim neighborhoods" (w/ video) 
Trying to think of the last time the GOP responded to a crisis in a measured, responsible way. Nothing comes to mind 
AdamSerwer And punishing Muslims as a community in order to *prevent* radicalization, as Cruz suggested yesterday, is bonkers. 
brian_abramson Doing great, keeping busy, fighting the good fight. (Here's an overview of the last several years: ) 
brian_abramson Good to hear from you, Brian, it's been a long time. Hope you're well. 
Any chance today might prompt Congress to authorize the anti-ISIS mission Obama launched in Aug 2014? (I'm kidding; Congress will never act) 
Eager to hear more about Cruz's plan to "patrol and secure" neighborhoods w Muslim Americans 
If you're infuriated by the Obama pic from Cuba, just stop. Manufactured outrages are silly 
Yep. MT ThePlumLineGS The idea that Trump can change the map by running up white votes is a pipe dream 
Obama's Cuba trip is a diplomatic breakthrough and the successful end of a heated debate 
mg49erfan Johnny_photog musicaltypist Would you guys mind removing me from this thread? Thanks. 
Mitch McConnell argued SCOTUS fight isn't about Garland. He then changed his mind - three times in one morning 
jbouie Yep, sounds about right. We could probably kick around scenarios involving Missouri amp; Indiana, but map otherwise looks "locked." 
jbouie I think it'd draw it up roughly the same way, but did you notice the only difference between your map amp; 2012 was flipping N.C.? 
blackhillslvr That's a good one, Dana. Thanks for the heads-up. 
1BillBones Yes, she's hosting tonight. 
Has the right ever explained why Brownback's far-right "experiment" failed so spectacularly? 
xpostfactoid1 I'm honestly exhausted just thinking about such an endeavor! 
Obama's going to campaign more than in his final year than any two-termer in the modern era 
edelman_jim Thanks, Jim, for letting me know. 
When folks say they don't recognize Chuck Grassley anymore, what they don't recognize is the modern GOP (link fixed) 
When folks say they don't recognize Grassley anymore, there's a subtext: what they don't recognize is the modern GOP 
Sanders' superdelegate strategy is surprisingly controversial, opposite of what I expected 
Terrific piece RT ezraklein The difference between the Republican and Democratic parties has never been clearer 
On Supreme Court, amazing to see how quickly Republicans are trashing their own "principles" 
Setting the bar too low: GOP senators willing to say hello to Merrick Garland aren't exactly worthy of praise 
If GOPers are so angry w/ the establishment, why do Hill incumbents keep winning primaries? 
eigenseide Nearly a decade ago, the thesis came up in a short film a friend of mine made Note the title of the clip 
eigenseide You're too kind, Barbara. Have I ever told you about my thesis equating 21st-century bloggers w/ 18th-century pamphleteers? 
Odds are, Senate Republicans would be bonkers to reject Garland. They're doing it anyway 
Jeb in Sept: "I'm going to win S Carolina. Take it to the bank" Team Rubio in Feb: "We are going to win Fla. Take it to the bank"  
Discouraging: China uses the GOP presidential race as evidence against democracy itself 
zackroth Great point, Zack. I just updated this morning's piece. 
Orrin Hatch: GOP's Supreme Court blockade intended to limit "mistreatment" of nominee  
Senate Judiciary Comm hearing for Supreme Court nominee? No. Hearing on an abortion ban defeated months ago? Sure. 
adelach Agreed. The political crisis has deep roots, and the party hasn't even reached the admit-we-have-a-problem stage. 
adelach That's a very good point, to be sure, though it wasn't until the Obama era that this dynamic came to *completely* dominate the GOP. 
When Senate Republicans outsource Supreme Court vetting to RNC operatives, there's a problem 
Rubio finally pointed to proof of Obama's "divisiveness." It's unintentionally hilarious 
Rubio went all in last month on an Obama-is-guilty-of-treason pitch He's now claiming high ground on rhetoric/anger? 
I'm glad to see an apology from Hillary Clinton over the Nancy Reagan comments. 
When candidates replace bad behavior with bad answers, let's not pretend it's a triumph 
Atrios Republicans put him in charge of a committee responsible for finding the best choice, and wouldn't you know it.... 
Huge show RT maddow Big night around here! Tonight 9pm ET on MSNBC, I'll be joined by both HillaryClinton and SenWarren  
It's genuinely amazing to watch Senate GOPers debunk their own Supreme Court talking points 
irenelegal Agreed. 
Might just be a blip, but it looks Gallup tracking has Obama's support reaching a three-year high 
DrGMLaTulippe Completely agree. Debate moment seemed more consequential than vulgar rhetoric weeks later. 
Rubio's gutter move joining Perry's "oops" amp; Dean's "scream": events that doomed pols who were already failing 
Just to pile on a bit, blaming Franken amp; the ACA for Trump's rise is demonstrably ridiculous 
1. After losing practically everywhere, Rubio might scramble to possibly win his home state 2. ??? 3. Nomination! 
Don't be too surprised if GOP says in '17, "Maybe we should've confirmed Obama's Court pick" 
Odd thing is, Romney's pro-Rubio robocalls aren't quite pro-Rubio. There's a reason for that 
StevenTDennis Agreed. Fair point. (By the way, in the earlier tweet, I said "four years ago." I meant "in 2004.") 
StevenTDennis 4 years ago, at an event in Fla, Republicans were asked to pledge allegiance to GW Bush True story 
1BillBones Yep 
So, we've reached the phase at which Rubio wants to parse the meaning of the word "never"? 
Something about "I hated Obamacare until I got sick" stories I always find compelling 
All things considered, there's reason to feel good about the new jobs report 
A shame there was no Qamp;A with Romney today. I have a few follow-up questions re: his speech 
chrislhayes (1) GOP tonight (2) Dems Sunday (3) Dems Wednesday (4) GOP next Thursday. Scary, isn't it? 
Just realized there are 4 pres. candidate debates on tap over the next 7 days. The Scheduling Gods are clearly testing our resilience. 
reallytrulyeric We were obviously visionaries, my friend. Ahead of our time, at a tender young age. 
reallytrulyeric "That's great, it starts with an earthquake, birds and snakes, an aeroplane...." Also, FYI, "Lenny Bruce is not afraid." 
reallytrulyeric Well said, Eric. (And by the way, long time no see. It'd be great to connect and catch up sometime soon.) 
Grassley is feeling quite a bit of pressure. Yesterday, it apparently started getting to him 
Rubio before: Under-performing candidates must get out of the way! Rubio now: Whoa, let's not do anything hasty! 
It's amazing Romney doesn't understand how much his rebukes help, not hurt, Trump 
seanspicer I appreciate your interest but I'm not sure what's troubling you. You mentioned your candidates before, but not last night, yes? 
marshallmarvin1 nitroxnut Would you guys mind removing me from this thread? Thanks. 
RNC statement on Super Tuesday was time-capsule worthy: it ignored Republicans entirely 
BDiNunno That's an excellent point. I'd forgotten about the whole "literally inside the Beltway" angle. 
I remember the last guy to boast, "We may have lost everywhere, but at least we won Minnesota!" His name was Walter Mondale.  
I'm pretty sure Mitch McConnell knows he's lying about the made-up "Biden Rule" 
Ryan doesn't like Trump "preying on people's prejudices" - but he'll vote for Trump anyway 
So when DC tells states what to do, it's outrageous, but when states tell cities what to do, it's conservatism? 
I never thought Rubio would stoop to penis amp; urination rhetoric The circus gets a new clown 
Isn't it 7 yrs too late for Republican leaders to wring their hands about Donald Trump's racially charged politics? 
Still bonkers MT SabrinaSiddiqui Rubio says he's "convinced [that] many in the press" want Trump to be the nominee 
Nothing says "presidential" like joking about a rival urinating on himself Trump wins when his foes become him 
Of all of today's headlines, Rubio's media conspiracy theory has to rank right up there 
Just so we're clear, has "self-deportation" somehow made a comeback as a Republican staple? Once wasn't enough? 
Why didn't the Rubio/Cruz attacks drag down Trump? An old Simpsons episode helps explain 
Don't know if Obama was serious about Sandoval, but Sandoval seemed serious about the Court 
Anti-voter-fraud crusader wants Scalia to still cast votes. Irony jumps out the window 
What Graham forgets about "nuclear option" fight: GOP were the aggressors, not the victims 
If you're a senator throwing a tantrum amp; refusing to do your job, try to avoid saying, "I'm here to do my job" 
Meaningful progress RT CitizenCohn Hospital readmissions are down -- thanks, Obamacare! 
The GOP may be broken, but it's a problem that the party is tearing the Senate down with it 
A little Qamp;A w/ readers RT MSNBC BernieSanders backers defend decreased Democratic turnout 
GOP decided the Supreme Court fight is over -- and they've declared themselves the winner 
No GOPer w/ Trump's victories has ever lost No GOPer w/ Rubio's endorsements has ever lost Something's gotta give 
Hypocrisy may abound, but Biden's '92 speech is more dud than game-changer for the GOP 
NewsConnoisseur joefirestonephd There were no contested Democratic primaries or caucuses in 2012. Such a comparison wouldn't make sense. 
ThePlumLineGS JuddLegum Between today and last week this really is reaching an unsettling level of cheerleading 
Good piece MT ThePlumLineGS Nevada entrance polls showed more want to continue Obama's policies. What that means: 
speechboy71 I'm curious, if you were a respondent in that poll, which enemy would you choose? U.S. has few real, meaningful foes. 
The HPV vaccine is saving lives. It'd save even more lives were it not for the far-right's culture war. 
The closer one looks, the harder it is to defend Kasich's move on Planned Parenthood 
Democratic turnout isn't doing Bernie Sanders' electoral pitch any favors 
joshtpm Only 6 presidents have topped 51 twice. Care to guess which 6? (Hint: Reagan didn't quite make the cut) 
I get Rubio's post-SC media hype, but it's awfully generous given what actually happened 
Historical tidbit: last time GOP won a national election without a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket? 1928 Jeb for VP? 
After NH loss, Rubio made 5 Sunday show appearances After SC loss, he's making 5 Sunday show appearances 2 losses, 1 week, 10 shows. Amazing 
Greytdog That's incredibly nice of you to say, Greytdog. Many thanks. 
Yep RT maddow "Honoring traditions is one thing; making up traditions that dont actually exist is something else" 
YeaYouRite I'm not sure what you disagree with. If GOP mischief affects the outcome, like I wrote, many Dems will howl. Good luck to you. 
YeaYouRite Anticipating likely partisan talking points isn't an example of me "looking for excuses." I have no agenda here. 
YeaYouRite I hope you'll take a look at what I actually wrote. That's not even close to what I said. 
As Nevada GOPers plan pro-Sanders mischief, strategy might come with unintended consequences 
Surprised new "no-show Rubio" revelations aren't a bigger deal today. Details seem damaging 
I'm honestly not sure if it's embarrassing ignorance or brazen dishonesty RT HeerJeet This is flatly untrue. 
danhumiston I appreciate you asking, but I'm afraid she'll almost certainly be in a studio tonight. I hope you'll tune in anyway! 
The kind of story voters seem to care more about than pundits RT TVietor08 A devastating headline for marcorubio - 
Sandra Day O'Connor *really* didn't do the Senate GOP any favors in the Supreme Court fight 
Hatch: following Sup Court process outlined in Constitution risks "denigrating" institution 
I'm trying to imagine the scope amp; scale of the political world's freak-out if the NBC/WSJ poll showed Rubio surging into 1st instead of Cruz 
Effective amp; overdue spot MT SabrinaSiddiqui Cruz ad hits Rubio on immigration, feat. Obama amp; Rubio making same case 
Haley's 2012 Romney endorsement - he doesn't just "take votes" - looks kinda funny today 
PCunningham57 Endorsements from members of Congress. 
With Ben Carson picking up his 1st congressional supporter today, the only GOP 2016er with zero endorsements? Frontrunner Donald Trump 
Interesting tidbit: more GOP senators voted against Bork's nomination than voted for Kagan's 
lyndynn No, in this case, I was referring to his strong showing in the New Hampshire primary. Thanks, though, for checking. 
McCain in '05: Voters were "aware of what kind of judge the pres was going to appoint amp; they decided to reelect him" 
GOP's Supreme Court blockade is real, but the party isn't yet 100 unified on the strategy 
thespiansfo Not sure he'd be confirmed! Remember what happened when Clinton nominated Weld for an ambassadorship? GOP balked. 
The interesting, important part of Rubio's "Morning in America" ad has nothing to do Canada 
As traditional norms are abandoned, the breakdown in governance is real amp; consequential 
ThePlumLineGS Atrios Maybe so. If there's outright hostility towards HRC, Cruz, and Trump, is Rubio cheerleading the natural byproduct? 
Sharpe222 For the record, that really is the Politico headline, not a campaign press release. 
Do we really have to pretend that media cheerleading for Rubio is a myth? At a certain point, isn't it hard to deny? 
wadeblack Well, we can debate the seriousness of FDR's plan. We can't debate whether or not Obama following the process meets the criteria. 
Someday, conservatives will learn what "court packing" means. Today, however, is apparently not that day 
Small typo in previous tweet. *These* are the new PPP results in SC (post debate) Trump 35 Cruz 18 Rubio 18 Kasich 10 Bush 7 Carson 7 
New PPP data from South Car (post debate) Trump 35 Cruz 19 Rubio 19 Kasich 10 Bush 7 Carson 7 Clinton 55 Sanders 34 
It's not just Santorum: pressed for a Rubio accomplishment, James Inhofe made matters worse 
Senate GOP could've dealt with Scalia's vacancy in a smart, tactical way. In their knee-jerk zeal, they blew it 
Wait. Rubio's 5th-place finish in NH was rewarded with five Sunday-show appearances? Isn't the  treatment usually earned? 
Legitimacy of the American political system isn't tested all that often. Unsettling to see GOP boasting about their plan to flunk this test. 
Mitch McConnell says voters "should have a voice" in Supreme Court's future. Right. Isn't that what the 2012 election was for? 
crossG2V Yep, nice catch, Emily. Thanks. 
With Gilmore out, the number of military veterans in the presidential race is down to zero 
No matter who wins, it'll be a long time before we see a president as pro-science as Obama 
Team Rubio's talk of a convention fight - a winless winner - seems like an ill-timed mistake 
1BillBones Yep. 
At least so far, Dem turnout numbers seem to challenge Sanders' broader recipe for success 
ThePlumLineGS The Clintons, of course. Send the shirt to my home office..... 
Fair, worthwhile piece MT ThePlumLineGS Is Hillary a Wall Street shill? My best effort to sort out this debate 
Not just the glitch: why is Marco "I love Tupac amp; hip hop" Rubio whining about pop culture? 
Note the pause at 0:26. You can almost hear him think, "Oh no, it's happening again, isn't it" 
jonathanchait There's a CSPAN time stamp in the upper-right corner, which makes it seem real. 
Forest vs. Trees: Marco Rubio's repetitious point echoed an idea from the crackpot fringe 
The rumors about a staff shake-up? HillaryClinton talked to maddow about the chatter today 
I don't think I've ever seen anything like this, in any debate, ever. It's cringe-worthy on a "Perry's oops" level 
SamSokol42 it's days like today I'm reminded of the "sincerest form of flattery" expression! 
I'm starting to think a dramatic turn towards far-right economic policy would be a bad idea 
ZekeJMiller SabrinaSiddiqui In fairness, 2010 was a 3-way contest; Crist amp; Meek split FL's center-left. Rubio barely had to break a sweat. 
SteveKornacki Fair enough. I've long considered post-McGovernFraser-Commission primaries to be "modern era," so I kept Muskie in the mix. 
SteveKornacki No Muskie shout-out in your NH piece this morning? 
1st look: Santorum's Rubio-has-no-accomplishments moment looks bad 2nd look: Digging into his record, it looks worse 
Wait, Colin Powell amp; Condi Rice *also* received sensitive info via private email accounts? 
Cruz blaming Flint crisis on local Dems - who had no power or authority - is pretty craven 
Even by 2016 standards, Rubio's condemnation of Obama's mosque visit was baffling, offensive 
jbview Perhaps, though it's worth noting that both Jeb and Hugh Hewitt found Obama's appearance worthy of praise. Rubio's further right 
Remember, we're supposed to think he's the smart/"mainstream" one RT SimonMaloy this is almost Palinesque stupidity 
Which is more cringe-worthy? "Mission accomplished" last week or "please clap" this week? 
At the risk of sounding needlessly contrarian, didn't Trump actually do quite well in Iowa? 
Things I learned today: Dem 1st in IA: weak Dem 2nd in IA: good GOP 1st in IA: unimportant GOP 2nd in IA: horrible GOP 3rd in IA: AMAZING 
How appropriate: Paul Ryan schedules another ACA repeal vote ... on Groundhog Day 
Iowa's GOP results breed chaos, not clarity. Insiders' sigh of relief seems *very* premature 
Looks like Trump won the polls; Rubio won the media hype; and Cruz won the voters 
Overlooked by Hype Machine: in mid-Nov, Team Rubio eyed an Iowa victory, not 3rd place 
Can't think of a modern parallel for a hype campaign this shameless/desperate. The brazenness is hard to defend 
Heartily endorse RT NormOrnstein How did journalists miss GOP radicalization? No. 1 reason: stubborn insistence on false equivalence 
jbview ThePlumLineGS The mockery is rooted in fact. An entire media industry seems rooted in the idea that Rubio's rise must be embraced. 
As the race to replace him heats up, interesting to see Obama's approval rating improve 
Not a coincidence: Cruz's fortunes reversed immediately after Trump launched birther attacks 
Rubio keeps saying US has "the smallest Navy in 100 years." Romney pushed this bogus line in 2012; it's worse now 
Can a candidate win a debate by not showing up? Apparently, it's not hard at all 
Seems like a safe bet RT allahpundit Feel like the media's going to find a "Rubio moment" tonight whether one actually happens or not 
Surprising no one, Flint crisis has taken quite a toll on Gov Snyder's statewide standing 
PPP - Iowa Republicans Trump 31 (+3) Cruz 23 (-3) Rubio 14 (+1) Carson 9 (+1) 
Trying to think of a defense for the GOP's ongoing "crusade" against Planned Parenthood. Nothing comes to mind 
michaelkapp It's been a few months but I touched on this in a piece back in October Perhaps it's time for an update 
i_am_pc518 I'd recommend emailing achelmsnbc.com, which is checked daily by actual people. 
Quite right RT attackerman McCain says the Afghanistan war has been "successful for 14 years," which is not how long successful wars last. 
Be skeptical of the convoluted GOP-establishment-will-crush-Cruz-and-then-Trump scheme 
It's a fun thought experiment, but Supreme Court Justice Obama is probably a bad idea 
Jerry Falwell Jr is to Donald Trump as Pat Robertson is to Rudy Giuliani 
FlintLivesMater I'd recommend achelmsnbc.com which actual people check on a daily basis 
Nice catch, Simon RT SimonMaloy Ted Cruz is the 4th or 5th "next George Washington" identified by Glenn Beck 
The new Republican anti-Sanders ad isn't an anti-Sanders ad at all. (It's the opposite.) 
Declare a blizzard-related state of emergency on Fri, leave town for a NH fundraiser on Sat? 
Rubio celebrating the hilarity of a deadly blizzard probably wasn't his smartest decision 
The more I watch the Barbara Bush ad, the more I'm surprised Team Jeb released it on purpose 
Listening to Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder complain about "culture in government" is a bit much 
Sanders walks back "establishment" rhetoric, effectively ending the flap over his slip-up 
Unexpectedly relevant trivia: in modern era, how many non-incumbent Republicans have won IA amp; NH in the same cycle? 
Republicans picked an awfully odd time to pick a fight with Obama over the Clean Water Act 
As Snyder's emails add to the Flint scandal, where are the GOP presidential candidates? 
"Transparency" RT maddow Well, it doesn't start out that promising...   
McConnell slams Dems for "fear-mongering" on refugees. Worse, I don't think he was kidding 
Sanders taking on Dem 'establishment' amp; leading progressive groups is not without big risks 
1BillBudd I'm going to assume you're kidding. See and 
It's awfully tough to defend the GOP candidates' indifference towards the Flint water crisis 
Yep MT brianbeutler Hard in fairness to stay briefed on all issues when busily defending home from ISIS w/ handgun 
In 2016, in three states, today isn't just a holiday honoring Dr. King. It's also a holiday honoring Robert E. Lee. 
1BillBudd Yep 
A little election-year game to consider: "Who Said It? Marco Rubio or Donald Trump?" 
If you point to Reagan's policy towards Iran as some kind of ideal, you're doing it wrong 
Jeb thinks Obama and Republicans live in "alternate universes." As it turns out, maybe he has a point. 
Having two visions bookended - POTUS on Tues, GOP on Thurs - was unexpectedly enlightening 
KurtEvans2016 Good point, Kurt. Eleven years under his belt, but his 12th year. Thanks for flagging this. 
GOP leader John Thune 'very offended' by the 'establishment' label. That's kind of hilarious 
Debate recap: while a glitch appears in the Rubio algorithm, Trump has his best debate 
Rubio says ACA is a "certified job killer." Not in this version of reality, it's not 
lolashoneyin Nice catch ,Lola. I appreciate the heads-up. 
jbouie OK, I'll admit, that wasn't one of the reactions to the piece I was expecting. Still, I'll take it. 
Has the economy improved in Obama era? McConnell's answer was about as odd as Paul Ryan's 
As auditions for the Republican VP slot go, yesterday could have gone better for Nikki Haley 
Reports of Ryan's wonkiness have been greatly exaggerated RT NYTimeskrugman Paul Ryan Dada 
1BillBudd Yep. 
Paul Ryan: credit the Fed, not POTUS, for econ growth. He really hasn't thought this through 
If Iran was testing President Obama's "resolve," can we now safely say he passed that test quite easily? 
Does Bernie Sanders have strong general-election polling numbers? Yes. Is that the whole story? Not exactly. 
Someone convinced Rubio it'd help him to stress immigration "consistency." It was bad advice 
XLProfessor Good point. "Constitutional conservatism" this isn't. 
Pushing an "Article V convention of states" - a scheme touted by Rubio amp; Greg Abbott - is an unusually dreadful idea 
How do Republicans respond to good job-creation news? By pretending it doesn't exist 
If you haven't focused on the Flint crisis, time to get up to speed on an important scandal 
CrowleyAntmarga It's a fair point, to be sure, which I highlighted in the piece. 
1BillBudd Party on, Wayne. 
ddayen Well, maybe. HRC may keep her distance, but we know plenty of Dems on the Hill who'd love more Sunday show opportunities, right? 
digby56 ddayen Good point! 
ddayen That sounds about right to me. Just think: then the total number of Democrats to make the list would go from three to four! 
Care to guess who made the most Sunday-show appearances in 2015? (Hint: it wasn't McCain) 
AquaJAWS Nice catch, Joe. Thanks for letting me know. 
1BillBudd Yep. 
SabrinaSiddiqui How you manage not to laugh out loud at some of his comments, I'll never know. 
mattyglesias Don't joke - I'm going to get a dozen emails making this argument by day's end! 
Haven't seen back-to-back years of job growth like this since the '90s. The GOP explanation? 
Arguably the only funny part of LePage's racially charged rant? His spokesperson's "defense" 
One of those pieces I wish I'd written MT brianbeutler Republicans and Democrats should welcome a Cruz nomination 
Remember when Rubio said Trump's wrong, because America's already great? He went from rejecting Trump to echoing him 
WH's auto-industry victory lap makes sense Obama got it right; GOP got it hilariously wrong 
Tidbit from PPP poll: this is the first time all cycle in which *six* Republicans have reached double digits in NH 
goprscum I'm reasonably sure today's repeal vote is number 62. 
9/11 Commission did its work in 604 days. GOP's Benghazi panel tops that - and isn't done 
Reacting to N.K. news, why is Rubio's first instinct, "How can I blame this on the U.S.?" 
Dirty little secret: GOP couldn't find anything objectionable in Obama's new gun policy 
chrislhayes I'm afraid I have some bad news for Ryan: if you're headed to Vermont, we keep things pretty plain up here. 
Great piece RT JohnJHarwood all that talk about Obama's second term turning into disaster turned out to be wrong: 
Glad to see Bernie Sanders make the case for banking at post offices today. Such a good idea 
If you missed Obama's speech this morning, I posted the video. It's worth your time 
Risky move: Rubio keeps suggesting his own Capitol Hill allies have weakened natl security 
prchovanec Perhaps! But that's not quite what the White House's critics are arguing. 
Right sees Obama's new gun policy as irrelevant. And dangerous. Both points can't be true 
1BillBudd Yep 
Republican posturing on the NSA/Israel/spying story is a bit of a mess 
Great piece MT CitizenCohn Obama may be having the most productive second term in modern U.S. history 
RIFSnobs Backatcha, my friend, 
Looking back and chronicling predictions gone wrong is a worthwhile, albeit painful, endeavor  
Five of the six most experienced GOP presidential candidates have already quit the race 
Maybe voters care more than pundits about Rubio's reluctance to show up for work? 
The latest Krugman chart on Obama's jobs record is a gem, but we can take it even further 
daveweigel This is a little obscure, but I assume you've seen this all-time great Lemmy movie reference? 
Rubio targeting Cruz makes sense. Rubio emphasizing "consistency" on immigration doesn't. 
Started reading the new EJDionne book over the holiday weekend. It's excellent, well worth your time 
daveweigel True, and that's a good thing. My own uncomfortable stroll down memory lane will run next week. 
daveweigel I recall your 1st Pundit Accountability piece: It's a shame that didn't catch on system-wide, isn't it? 
The principal flaw in Rubio's "I've actually done something" pitch: it's ridiculously untrue 
As Trump dominates, several post-debate polls show same trend: Cruz gaining, Rubio slipping 
Team Jeb's ad spending in 2015 gt; all ad spending from all nat'l candidates in 2011 combined 
It really does get a little tiresome, doesn't it? RT brianbeutler Punditry 
Helewski Nice catch, Adam. Thanks for flagging. 
Obama sees GOP as global "outlier" on climate. True, but this applies to other issues, too 
1BillBudd Yep 
beth4158 Perhaps, though with an unusually large GOP field, it's that much more difficult for any candidate to build such a large lead. 
The last Republican WH candidate who led by 20+ points in late Dec and lost the nomination? It's never happened. 
Want to hear my disembodied voice on TV? Sure you do. I'll be on towards the end of maddow show tonight on msnbc . Tune in; it'll be fun 
rebleber Well, it really wasn't *that* terrible. 
1BillBudd Yep. 
Don't underestimate the importance of the religious right officially coalescing around Cruz 
How did the GOP go from being a dominant foreign-policy party to cringe-worthy status quo? 
So true MT ezraklein The lesson of the budget deal: No one in Washington really cares about deficits: 
peterchristy Tomorrow morning, Peter. The usual schedule will resume in the morning. See you then! 
1BillBudd Yep 
Rubio is testing a dubious proposition: maybe "GOTV" stands for "Go On TV"? 
A year ago, pundits said Obama's presidency was over amp; 2015 would be a bust. Oops 
At Liberty U, R-rated movies amp; dancing are prohibited. Guns - now, even in dorms - are fine 
Every time the GOP sees Putin as a strategic genius amp; Obama as a fool, they get it backwards 
Congrats, Sen. Rubio. You're now the ideal candidate for an old American century 
Pat Leahy's (anti-Trump) religious-pluralism measure should've passed unanimously. It didn't 
If Rubio skips his day job amp; he's not often in Iowa, NH, or SC, what does he do all day? 
The ACA ends "job lock." The right sees that as a bad thing, but they have it backwards 
How subtle was Obama's shot across Trump's bow? Not very (with video) 
Jeb thinks Trump is relying on "dog-whistle" politics. Republicans should be so lucky 
Subtle differences between a "national security strategy" and a "hollow bumper-sticker slogan" can be tricky 
Good: Paul Ryan condemning Trump's extremism. Bad: Ryan pushing an anti-refugee bill based on anti-Muslim paranoia. 
Republicans know they hate Obama's plan to combat ISIS. Eventually, they'll have to figure out why they hate it. 
Deeply unfortunate side effect of Trump's latest garbage: some truly odious GOP positions will appear "moderate" by comparison. 
I care less about crude "total p***y" rhetoric amp; more about how incredibly wrong that guy is 
Great piece MT ThePlumLineGS Leading Tea Party House conservative: If GOP participates in governing, the Dems win 
Rubio's "bomb control" rhetoric captures an underappreciated problem with his candidacy 
Mike Pence in March: Faithful must be able to follow dictates of their conscience. Pence now: Well, maybe not always 
Rubio's odd posture on his signature issue: 2nd Amendment is sacrosanct; 4th Amendment isn't 
Reminder: the phrase "poke holes in an argument" is a metaphorical expression, not to be taken literally 
Strange days: notable conservative pundit whines when POTUS says "act of terror" instead of "terrorism" 
Speaker Ryan sees "urgent" need for GOP alternative to ACA. That's unintentionally hilarious 
1BillBudd Yep 
Away from the spotlight, Cruz, Rubio tell the right: fight over marriage equality isn't over 
New poll: Trump, Cruz, amp; Carson combine for 66 of GOP vote. Probably not what the party establishment wants to see 
So many breakthroughs on equality in US military, easy to take historic progress for granted 
There's nothing wrong with Congress eyeing mental-health reforms, but the GOP's approach has some notable flaws 
A half-serious question: if the GOP opposes Obama's climate plan, where's their alternative? 
Every week, the number of GOP presidential candidates voicing support for torture grows 
For a Republican hero, Petraeus sure does disagree with Republicans a lot on natl security 
Rubio believes the national debt is a greater threat than the climate crisis. That's bonkers 
What was once unheard of is increasingly routine: US lawmakers trying to sabotage their own country's foreign policy 
1BillBudd Yep 
Rubio still wants to roll back the clock on marriage equality, says it's "not settled law" 
Obama amp; Boehner only golfed once - because House GOP wouldn't tolerate a 2nd time. Take note, pro-schmooze pundits 
Rubio's pitch needs work RT maddow "He has not yet explained why he believes his preferred tactic would be legal" 
The number of 2016 GOPers embracing Bush/Cheney-era torture policies keeps growing. An unexpected campaign issue? 
The GOP's focus: refugees. The White House's focus: guns, terror watchlist. NYPD's Bratton is siding with the latter 
Christie might've been more competitive if he'd been serious about "telling it like it is" 
Is it me or has the recent p.r. offensive against the Consumer Financial Production Bureau been clumsy amp; ham-handed? 
It's striking to see Marco Rubio face a leadership test and flub it so badly 
When the going gets tough, and the tough curl up in a ball amp; start crying, it's a problem 
Unemployment has gone down. Republicans think it's gone up. The "reality gap" is a problem 
I'd like to give Jeb more credit for denouncing Trump's extremism, but it's not that simple 
"The world needs American leadership," Speaker Ryan said. I don't think the word means what he thinks it means 
AlexConant Alex, is it fair to say other Intel Comm members will also skip tomorrow's briefing, or will Sen. Rubio's absence be unique? 
Yep RT ThePlumLineGS Congress is scrambling to vote on Syrian refugees, but it STILL hasn't voted on the war itself 
What Jindal, Walker, amp; Perry have in common: some of the GOP's most experienced candidates 
Aug 2010: Gohmert fears "terror babies" Nov 2015: Christie fears "orphans under 5" Sigh 
mvandemar Nice catch, Michael. I appreciate the heads-up. 
Blip or not, Obama's approval rating in Gallup tracking poll at its highest level in more than 2 yrs 
Cruz says POTUS "does not wish to defend" the US. The last 7 years suggest otherwise 
Obama showed some real leadership today. Lesser pres might've chosen easy way out (w/ video) 
brianhurn No, that total includes coalition partners. I referred to U.S.-led strikes specifically. 
Right has no idea Obama has launched 6,353 airstrikes against ISIS targets (quadruple rest of the world combined) 
Even Rubio should be able to understand: WWII wasn't a fight against "radicalized Europeans" 
Facts be damned RT ThePlumLineGS Remember the rule: If Rs say something is a political winner for them, news orgs must treat it as Truth. 
Maybe just a blip, but Obama's approval rating in Gallup tracking poll today ties his strongest support of the year 
Yep RT daveweigel GOP rush toward "stop letting in refugees" position reminds me of "travel ban NOW or we all die of Ebola" fad last year 
1BillBudd Yep! 
mjbiren Nice catch, Michael! Thanks for flagging. 
It's always genuinely amazing to see a pol cite "secret" intel to defend a ridiculous claim 
WindsorMann Thanks, Windsor. I trust that my characterization was correct? 
Ouch RT brianbeutler You appear to have skipped an election cycle where some stuff happened. 
How many 2016 GOPers want to end the federal role in infrastructure investments? At least 2 
RealBPhil No problem. I appreciate the clarification. 
RealBPhil Ah, why didn't he just say so! Thanks for flagging. 
We have "a crazy health care law that discourages companies from hiring people"? Um, no 
Scary how little they understand this MT ezraklein New GOP orthodoxy on monetary policy could be political suicide 
Exactly RT ThePlumLineGS In a new interview, Rubio says he's fine with Big Govt creating jobs...for his own voters 
Sugar, of all things, is poised to become surprisingly important in the Republican 2016 race 
SimonMaloy When pundits swoon over his debate performances, this scene comes to mind (I think we're Frasier) 
peterchristy Nice catch, Peter. Thanks. 
Insulting to reality RT jamescdownie Rubio's answer on bank size and regulation may have been the wrongest answer in any debate so far. 
Cruz's ability to turn his stump speech into debate answers gt; Rubio's ability to turn his stump speech into debate answers 
jbview Rubio has already taken some modest steps in that direction, at least according to this plan 
The only reason Vitter would release an ad about his prostitution scandal: he has no choice 
A compelling case, worth your time RT kdrum The Press Needs to Fight Back on Republican Tax Lunacy 
Rubio's messy personal finances matter, but his bizarre approach to US finances matters more 
As unemployment drops from 10 to 5, GOP makes the case for radically changing course 
MitchellRose Nice catch, Mitchell. Thanks for the heads-up, 
You're all watching, right? RT MaddowBlog Live Stream here: First in the South Democratic Candidates Forum 
Cruz calling Rubio a "moderate" strikes me as one of the week's more interesting quotes 
Carson's West Point lie could do lasting damage to his campaign, but I wouldn't count on it 
CharlesFStanton Nice catch, Charles! I appreciate the heads-up. 
It's a tough image for Obama's critics to dismiss out of hand 
It's the best jobs report of 2015 Unemployment hasn't been this low since Feb 2008 
Thanks, G MT ThePlumLineGS Very good stevebenen piece restoring context to "Obama destroyed Dem Party" narrative 
It's not just Rubio's messy finances - evasiveness amp; misstatements matter, too 
Heartily endorse MT CitizenCohn Not sure why Pelosi doesn't get more credit for effectiveness as a leader 
If Romney was a post-truth candidate, perhaps Carson is the first post-knowledge candidate? 
I'm not saying that Rubio's incoherent on immigration, it's just ... wait, I am saying that 
Can anyone explain why Republicans still consider Doug Feith an expert on the Middle East? 
Much of the "Dems died in the Obama era" analysis is quantitatively true, but it overlooks some historical context 
Ky's uninsured rate cut by over 40, state unemployment rate near 14-year low. Maybe voters were tired of success amp; wanted something new? 
Random thought: both of Rubio's Senate endorsers - Gardner amp; Daines - took office this year. Neither one has actually worked much with Rubio 
Underappreciated story: Speaker Ryan is literally investing more in p.r. than policymaking 
In retrospect, maybe Fiorina shouldn't have said, "The liberal media doesn't like the data" with quite so much zeal 
joshgreenman Hey wait, why save the click? That's a good post! 
The RNC's post-2012 "autopsy" included some fairly detailed advice on moving past "ideological reinforcement" 
Fiorina wants to know if economy actually "does better when you have a Dem in the White House." Fine, let's check 
I don't care if it's corny: the story about a W.Va. addict who got help because he heard an Obama speech is amazing 
timothycrickets DanMartinTalks Yep, he left the floor and isn't expected to return until this evening's vote. Thanks for asking. 
Rand Paul vowed to filibuster the budget deal "at length." The result was kind of hilarious 
Ever get the feeling much of the political world has no idea how far-right Paul Ryan is? 
The scripted Marco Rubio and the unscripted Marco Rubio aren't exactly the same candidate 
Fawning notwithstanding, Rubio is proving just how little he understands about basic econ details. Unscripted answers = obvious nonsense 
jbview That's fair, but given his own stated demands, which went unmet, can we agree he's not exactly riding a triumphant wave of success? 
Is it me or is Paul Ryan stumbling badly as he crosses the finish line for House Speaker? 
Maybe Marco Rubio heard the expression "don't quit your day job" amp; he took it too literally? 
dissentingj We're not talking about Obama or guns. Check out the piece. The link is in the tweet. 
Impeachment is not a toy to be taken off a shelf to entertain frustrated partisans 
I've seen Obama honor winning sports teams, but today's Women's Soccer event was special 
Very persuasive MT brianbeutler Rubio's compared to Obama, but the real GOP Obama is Trump. Rubio's more like... 
There's plenty to chew on in the new budget deal, but the "Freedom Foyer" clearly stands out 
Trump's "small loan of $1 million" story reminds me of a Romney anecdote from 2012  
1BillBudd Sanders will be on tonight. Friday is a forum in S.C. with all three Dem candidates. 
I wish the resolution of the IRS "scandal" received as much attention as its introduction 
Carson's plan: students report profs to federal authorities, who'll then launch investigations. What could go wrong? 
crossG2V Thanks, Emily. We're on the case. 
crossG2V Nice catch, Emily. We'll take care of it. Thanks for flagging! 
PhilipArsenault Nice catch, Philip! I was thinking along the lines of raw totals, but you raise an excellent point. Thanks for flagging. 
maddow to HillaryClinton, "What does a person do after 11 hours of testimony?" 
Romney wants credit for health system he embraced, then rejected, then vowed to destroy, then re-embraced. Got it. 
NRCC chair backs investigation into Tea Party PACs. Suspected scams targeting far-right donors are proliferating 
Tues: Ryan wants HFC endorsement amp; end to vacate the chair Wed: Never mind the former Thurs: Never mind the latter 
HRC/Benghazi, Iran, Planned Parenthood Republicans spent months preparing for each, but just couldn't deliver on any 
Fair is fair. If GOP is doing Clinton a favor... RT rtraister Seriously you guys, Bernie should demand equal time in front of the committee 
JJGomez127 True, though the pre-VP races seem qualitatively different. Still, good point. 
How many VPs served two terms amp; then walked away without running for WH? It's a small club 
I was inclined to ignore Rubio's attendance problem - right up until he pressed his luck 
sahilkapur Treasury's latest letter to congressional leaders put the deadline at 11/3 -- two weeks from today. (Original deadline was 11/6) 
sahilkapur Actually, I think it's 13 days now (even fewer if we're counting days Congress is in session). Treasury moved up the deadline. 
Endorse MT ThePlumLineGS Biden knows full well that *refusal* to negotiate with Rs produced functional gov't 
Updated GOP impeachment list: Obama, Holder, Jeh Johnson, Gina McCarthy ... and Hillary Clinton (not yet elected) 
About once a month, Jeb says W "kept us safe." Today's dustup with Trump took it up a notch 
This is a really good piece (I'd probably bet on Cruz, FWIW) RT ezraklein Not seeing the Rubio surge: 
RNC chair: "We're cooked as a party" with a 2016 loss. What does that mean in applied terms? 
Ted Cruz is worried about "rabid rhetoric" from the left and BLM. Has Ted Cruz ever stopped to listen to Ted Cruz? 
The deficit has shrunk by $1 trillion in the Obama era "He's turning us into Greece"? Um, no 
Why are Dems taking a harder line on guns than ever before? Because the NRA didn't leave them much of a choice. 
The Benghazi Committee isn't investigating a scandal. The Benghazi Committee is the scandal 
The advantage 2016 Dems have over the 2008 GOP: a two-term president the party actually likes 
The flaw in McConnell's debt-ceiling hostage strategy: we know he won't shoot the hostage 
From Romney to Jeb to Rubio - the GOP's ongoing affection for the 'free stuff' talking point 
Endorse MT brianbeutler JamesFallows has written as good a piece as you will read on our current political moment 
Perhaps it's time for an investigation into the Benghazi investigation? 
The GOP's defense of the Benghazi Comm was impossible to take seriously before. The task just got much worse 
frankrichny For what it's worth, the sheer brilliance of Veep is impressive in its own right. 
frankrichny You're not getting ideas for Season 5 of Veep, are you Frank? 
Exactly MT brianbeutler When people say being House Speaker is an impossible job they mean the House GOP conference is ungovernable." 
Sentence I didn't expect to write: GOP presidential hopeful really ought to scale back his frequent Nazi references 
Interesting MT ThePlumLineGS Way around House chaos? normornstein says the discharge petition hints it's possible 
If the  pieces are falling into place for Rubio, can't the same be said for Cruz? 
McCarthy was asked if the House is still "governable." His answer was fine, but it's not quite the right question 
AdamSerwer Dude, it's been a year. Rob Thomas is no doubt deeply disappointed -- that's a top-notch-but-obvious pun. 
Please tell me today marks the end of the "Why doesn't Obama compromise amp; strike deals with congressional Republicans?" columns. 
NeilB4Zod That was my second choice! 
"I had this terrible nightmare ... that I was trying to get out and I couldnt get out" - John Boehner, last week 
GOP chaos in 2015 is reminiscent of late 1998. Key difference: the scandal now is GOP radicalization (link fixed) 
brianbeutler Thanks, Brian. I really appreciate it. 
Unfortunate pattern to Clinton email stories: 1. Provocative headline 2. Unimportant, evaporating details 3. Repeat 
I didn't think Carson's mass-shooting comments could get worse, but he somehow found a way 
shapiro_stuart Yep, I know. So why not Speaker Cruz, right? 
Ted Cruz huddles with House Republicans so often, you'd think he's running for Speaker 
Rubio's approach to immigration policy isn't leadership. It's closer to anti-leadership 
Carson doesn't even realize how staggeringly arrogant his rhetoric about mass-shootings is 
Some candidates pick fights with rivals. Huckabee picks fights with multi-colored Doritos 
If politics made more sense, Rubio's tax-cuts-lead-to-surpluses claim would be a disqualifier 
McCarthy accidentally gave Clinton an unexpected gift. She's now taken it out of the box amp; begun putting it good use 
Can anyone honestly blame Dems on the Benghazi Committee for being fed up? 
Rubio has his anti-Jeb message; Jeb has his anti-Rubio message. The rub? They're both right 
If you missed it, here's the video/transcript of Obama responding to the latest mass shooting 
GOP, early 2014: Putin's a great leader! GOP, late 2014: Never mind. GOP, now: Putin's a great leader again! 
Following Kevin McCarthy's candor, will Dems on the Benghazi committee quit in protest? It's a distinct possibility 
Problem with the political narrative Rubio has created for himself: it's demonstrably untrue 
Kevin McCarthy accidentally told the truth last night about the Benghazi committee. Bad idea 
Unintentional irony: "Politics is a fact-free zone," Fiorina said. "People just say things." 
eigenseide Your eagle eyes never cease to amaze. Thank you, as always. 
At the intersection of the Iran deal amp; Planned Parenthood: confused, unprepared GOP lawmakers 
Richly deserved. Congrats to Chris amp; everyone on the All In team  RT chrislhayes Whoa. We just won an Emmy!!! 
Good point RT daveweigel IMHO a socialist candidate leading all Rs is more surprising than the sitting VP doing well. 
A month ago, I thought Trump's tax plan might actually break with GOP orthodoxy. Oops 
Jeb on tax plan: "That's just the way it is." Don't you believe him  
The more Fiorina pretends fiction is fact, the worse her problem becomes  
The debate: (1) Boehner failed amp; it's his fault, (2) he failed amp; it's his members' fault 
Jeb wants to talk about "earned success," black voters, and "free stuff." Bad idea 
"Preciousness of human life" leads Ted Cruz to support killing people A special kind of pol 
Pope: "no religion is immune" to extremism. Echoes an Obama sentiment - that the right hated 
nationaljournal, please take note MT kdrum If You Accuse Clinton of Lying, You Should Be Careful With the Truth 
Rubio's immigration transformation is a sight to behold A missed opportunity for leadership 
jbouie So many times, you've beaten me to arguments I intended to make. I'm glad I got to this one first! 
Jeb picked a pretty horrible time to argue there are too many consumer protections in place 
craig_merriman Nice catch! Thanks for flagging. 
That's entirely possible; we'd need more detailed polling to be sure. That said, routine/misleading rhetoric certainly doesn't help. 
Carson's anti-Muslim bigotry was ugly. His campaign's response was arguably just as awful 
From hero to zero in record time: The wrong man at the wrong time with the wrong message 
michaelkapp As repetitious as it gets, I feel an ethical disclosure responsibility every time! 
Important questions surrounding Trump amp; "Veterans for a Strong America" deserve some answers 
Fiorina's take on her Planned Parenthood falsehood reminds me of Romney's post-truth posture 
With a shutdown looming, care to guess how many times we've gone through this since 2011? 
Eventually, we really ought to rethink how we evaluate candidates' debate performances 
Good point MT CitizenCohn Almost no discussion of ACA last night - if you support the law, that's not a bad thing 
Jeb has been pushing the "W kept us safe" line all summer. It's still brazenly, breathtakingly wrong. 
mattyglesias As are his tales about tax policy. 
Mitch McConnell, who voted against Zadroga 9/11 bill five years ago, commits to a vote after Jon Stewart event 
7 years to the day after Lehman's collapse, two Lehman veterans are running for president. Who would've guessed? 
If "Jade Helm 15" is going to impose martial law amp; take people's guns, it'll have to hurry 
Reagan: "Where collective bargaining is forbidden, freedom is lost." Walker: "Collective bargaining is not a right." 
Republicans seem to believe US mainstream will back their shutdown strategy. They're likely to be very disappointed 
In a Clinton-Trump race, the gender gap is significant - but the education gap is greater 
The similarities between House GOPers amp; Monty Python/Holy Grail are occasionally striking 
Priebus on immigration: "It's not what you say, it's how you say it." Does substance count? 
AM3009 You're too kind, Anna-Marie. Thanks so much for the support; I really appreciate it. 
"Atomic Obamacare" part of a lengthy pattern of lazy conservative rhetoric - in which the scary ACA is *everywhere* 
kms_sf I actually went back and forth on that one, before ultimately concluding that "lawmakers" are part of the legislative branch. Right? 
jbouie I actually put together a fairly comprehensive list along these lines a month ago Time for an update 
Huckabee has invented a make-believe version of U.S. civics - and he's pretending it's real 
Striking tidbit in the new CNN poll: 51 of Republican voters believe Trump will end up winning the GOP nomination 
macmapman Yep, I need more caffeine. Thanks for flagging. 
Well said MT ThePlumLineGS On Iran deal, House GOP is now moving swiftly to snatch defeat from jaws of defeat. 
"No such thing as a hypothetical": Scott Walker's oddest quote since he falsely denied being a "career politician" 
ChristopHall Nice catch, Christopher. Thanks for flagging. 
As Bridgegate intensifies, Christie picked the wrong day to push an anti-lawlessness message 
If we listen to Kim Davis' odd lawyer, she'll be back in jail sometime fairly soon, right? 
If you're a senator, at least try to understand what "irony" means. John Cornyn, I'm looking in your directtion 
The more Kim Davis ignores court orders, the more I wonder: who, exactly, is her lawyer? 
Rubio slams Trump's superficiality on foreign policy. Does Rubio *really* want to go there? 
Politico: POTUS walking "with a swagger in his step." Given the last 3 months, he's clearly shaken "lame duck" label 
stonermc Nice one; I didn't see this coming. But in my defense, I had a few more characters to work with this time! 
2016 candidates who want to scrap the Dept of Education or Commerce is one thing. But the VA? Really? 
As the unemployment rate falls to lowest point since 4/08, the chart looks ... not too shabby 
aseitzwald No worries, Alex. eigenseide is one of those readers with super-human abilities to catch even the smallest errors. Impressive! 
eigenseide Another nice catch, Barbara. I'm editing now.... 
The contrast between Hillary Clinton's amp; Rand Paul's approaches to addiction issues really is amazing 
stonermc I've been called a whole lot of things. "Lazy" isn't one of them! 
stonermc On Twitter, "Republican presidential candidates running for their party's 2016 nomination" takes up a whole lot of characters. 
2016ers accusing Obama of anti-police rhetoric: it's put-up-or-shut-up time 
NeilB4Zod As much as I like the analogy - kudos, really - I'm not yet sure what to make of Petraeus' unconventional plan/idea. 
WaldoWilbur MaddowBlog Good catch. I often have the Bureau of Labor Statistics on my mind, which is how I managed to mess this up. 
There is no decency in exploiting the murder of police officers to advance partisan goals 
On birtherism within GOP base, it's the Obama vs Cruz results that are especially ridiculous 
chicagoshep I was going for, "They're taking off the gloves, but it's not yet a real, bare-knuckled brawl." Sound about right? 
brianbeutler It was awfully nice of Walker to add a timely peg for your TNR piece, wasn't it? 
GOP congressman decided to talk to small children about "suicide bombers." It didn't go well 
US senator travels abroad, partners w foreign head of state to undermine US policy. When did this become routine? 
What a great piece RT BenjySarlin Read brianbeutler on the libertarian takeover of the GOP's judicial activists 
chrislhayes SimonMaloy I think Chris just dropped the mic and won the Internet for the day. The rest of us can just go home. 
It was one of Romney's biggest whoppers from 2012 - and now Rubio's embracing it as his own 
Among the problems with Walker eyeing wall along Canadian border: (1) Great Lakes, (2) Alaska 
Peggy Noonan says there's burgeoning support for Trump from Latino immigrants. Her proof is a little ... unpersuasive 
eviebeevie If they were a Hollywood couple, is that what we'd call them, as some odd combination of their names? 
There is an art to losing well. Netanyahu has conducted a clinic on what not to do 
2potato3 My colleague who writes Morning Maddow is on vacation, but she'll be back. (The same colleague writes the News Dump segment.) 
Cruz amp; Trump team up to oppose the Iran deal. it's a win-win for the candidates and Democrats - but not GOP leaders 
Romney (2012) amp; McCain (2008) never experienced the kind of polling troubles Jeb has now 
Even by 2015 standards, listening to GOP senators complain about filibusters is a bit much 
chicagoshep Nice catch, Shep. Thanks for letting me know! 
Will Trump's support for tax hikes on the rich cost him GOP backing? I really doubt it  
Conservatives on Monday: Obama is crushing our economy! Reality today: Yeah, about that... 
Hall-of-fame-level trolling: Cotton wants US to "speak with one voice" on Iran policy 
KellanMartz I just fixed them all. Thanks! 
Jeb has a blind spot when it comes to women's health. It's genuinely odd (and getting worse) 
So very true MT ThePlumLineGS As Trump rises, GOP failure to pass immigration reform looks like a catastrophic error 
If you're blaming Wall Street tumult on Obama amp; Planned Parenthood, you're doing it wrong 
DrJHaulsee You're very kind. I had a relaxing weekend; perhaps it worked to my advantage? 
Will he talk about the failure of his Iran policy? MT TPM Cheney plans to give big speech about Iran nuclear deal 
As Kristol floats Justice Alito as a 2016 possibility, whatever happened to the chatter about the GOP's "deep bench"? 
After 3 positions in 6 days on birthright citizenship, Walker's unsure whom to pander to next 
SallyMScott You're right! I appreciate you letting me know and I'm fixing this now. 
Solving complex, 21st-century challenges is "pretty basic" - said the person who never served a day in public office 
Yep MT ThePlumLineGS Calling for enforcement against "anchor babies" is now the "moderate" position among 2016 Rs 
The AP's flawed Iran report was bad. Some politicians' exploitation of that report is worse 
The Iran-deal fight is effectively over, but GOP can still lose in a smart way (if it wants) 
I'm trying, in good faith, to think of a reason to take the Clinton email story seriously. Nothing comes to mind. 
PhilipArsenault I could try to start a "Donald's Mendacity" franchise, but I'm afraid it'd take years off my life. 
Huckabee's rhetoric on Black Lives Matter is so misguided, it's unnerving he said it out loud 
Iran debate marks the decline of the GOP's foreign-policy establishment amp; the twilight of the party's elder statesmen 
Who needs a constitutional amendment? Trump has an alternate plan for birthright citizenship 
paulsurovell That's an excellent point, Paul. I'd forgotten all about him. Thanks for the reminder. 
Are "constitutional conservatives" on board with the campaign against birthright citizenship? Does 14th Amend count? 
jbouie Congrats, Jamelle. It's a richly deserved promotion. Slate is lucky to have you. 
ivychat That's great of you to say, but in way, it still exists -- it's just looks a little different now 
Monday: Trump learns about national security from talk shows. Tuesday: GOP voters trusts Trump most to deal w/ ISIS. 
Remember the 10-to-1 budget-deal debate question? 4 years later, Kasich sides with the right 
Between Lugar, Scowcroft, amp; Paulson, there's at least *some* GOP support for the Iran deal 
Jeb in Feb on foreign policy: "I won't talk about the past." Maybe he should've stuck to that? 
Republicans aren't supposed to say things like this out loud (or in print) MT BillKristol MVP of the 2016 election cycle so far: TGowdySC 
"The Pledge" is seen as a mindless, knee-jerk obstacle to good governance. GOP 2016ers keep signing it anyway. 
If you're hoping for Obamacare to fail, this must have been one heckuva discouraging week 
The more Jeb talks about Clinton's emails, the more we're reminded he did the exact same thing 
Christie, who backed comprehensive reform, questions birthright citizenship?  
Cruz gives away the game: his problem is with fetal-tissue research, not Planned Parenthood 
US military leaders' Iran-deal endorsement follows backing from nuclear experts and diplomats and ambassadors and.... 
benweyl Yeah, I thought about including that one, but to make the Malkovich joke work, I had to stick to specific "Obamacare" references. 
"Obamacare for higher ed" joins Obamacare for the Internet, Obamacare for banks, Obamacare for energy markets.... 
shauskins We might want to keep that information from the senator. He probably wouldn't respond well. 
dahanksterF15 Oddly enough, he didn't specify. Rubio mentioned cats - and donkeys - but canines aren't part of the argument (yet). 
Rubio's bold, new message to voters: fertilized human eggs don't become cats  
Rand accuses Trump of being the emperor with no clothes; he neglects to notice his own nudity 
Step 1: Head of anti-Iran-deal group backs Iran deal Step 2: Group replaces him with Lieberman 
ORConservative My hunch is you won't care, but there's ample evidence that the polarization is asymmetrical 
Bad: 2016 GOPers don't bother w/ issues pages, despite claims to contrary Worse: 2016 Dems do 
Deficit hawks amp; Tea Partiers ought to be thrilled with deficit reduction in the Obama era 
Rand Paul's definition of "income inequality" is a little to Rand Paul-esque for his own good 
XLProfessor Very good point. 
Obama: GOP amp; Iran hardliners are aligned on Iran deal GOP: That's offensive Obama: Truth hurts 
jefffrane Well, in fairness, I can think of a few instances they were also on stage, which is *near* the bar.... 
jbview No? I'm pretty sure there's a joke in there about monsters, misfits, etc. 
jbview Aside from all the supernatural violence, The Bronze always seemed like a perfectly good bar. 
No idea how Rubio expects to sell his position on abortion/rape to a general-election audience 
Dear GOP candidates, for goodness' sake, stop citing Reagan as a Platonic ideal on Iran policy 
The under-appreciated story of the night RT irin GOP debate consensus: ban abortion, no exceptions 
Job totals may seem ho-hum, but we shouldn't take good news for granted 
Great piece MT brianbeutler Republicans put a lot of effort into neutering their primary debates. Why they failed: 
What's worse than Jeb pushing a falsehood about women's healthcare? Jeb pushing two falsehoods on the subject 
PeebsY0 Of course not. I think you're referring to the other guy; I'm the one who supports fetal-tissue research. 
Fournier doesn't know - didn't look up - the truth: PP makes fetal tissue available to researchers  no profit (2/2) 
A great example of poor punditry detracting from a serious debate. Lazy, factually incorrect analysis (1/2) 
If you missed POTUS' speech on the  today, I posted the full video 
1993: John McCain authorizes fetal-tissue research 2015: McCain threatens govt shutdown over fetal-tissue research 
Jeb's walkback on "women's health issues" would've been more persuasive if it had been honest 
Many in the GOP keep bringing up the Lewinsky scandal, as if it were relevant to 2016. Seems like a bad idea 
GOP fighting Planned Parenthood from a position of weakness. This won't end well 
CitizenCohn Making matters slightly worse, Cruz thinks that's a machine gun. It's not! 
Scott Walker has a bad habit of saying, "I don't know" to some pretty simple questions 
irin Don't forget the unfortunate humor surrounding Huckabee's intention to make the "war on women" rather literal. 
With his Holocaust flap fading, Huckabee needed a new, ridiculous gambit to create headlines. Looks like he found one 
Hillary calling for lifting the Cuba embargo, in Miami, marks a striking US political shift Easy to take for granted 
1993: GOP authorizes fetal-tissue research 2015: GOP outraged by Planned Parenthood's role in fetal-tissue research 
2potato3 As you may know, I can't control who posts comments or their tone. I hope you'll continue to enjoy my content and TRMS itself. 
How concerned are GOP voters about electability? At this stage in the process, not much 
NeilB4Zod I generally don't see a real problem on this front 
It's funny, but Trump's "something terrific" ACA replacement plan is just as detailed as the GOP leadership's plan 
When even Mitt Romney takes Obama's side, you know Ted Cruz's rhetoric is becoming a problem 
XLProfessor Or that species evolve through descent with modification. If the science doesn't advance the ideology, it just doesn't count. 
The  of right-wing senators talking about Iran amp; EMPs is getting ridiculous cc: SimonMaloy 
Lindsey Graham: "Who wins the war between us amp; Iran? Do you have any doubt who wins?"  
For criminal-defense attorneys who specialize in Congress, 2015 has been quite a year 
Yep RT maddow "A reminder of a policymaking process that was possible before the radicalization of GOP politics" 
Obama told the AU he's a "pretty good president" who "could win" a 3rd term Of course, the context matters 
Would the ADA pass today? It's not even a close call How about Medicare, SS, amp; min wage? 
Well said RT mattyglesias The people against the Iran deal think the invasion of Iraq amp; the Cuba embargo are foreign policy success stories 
KFairbankHaynes Good point. I've also always thought Sisko is under-appreciated. 
Amazing thing about Fox's 2016 debate rules: they encourage candidates to buy ads on Fox 
Ted Cruz listed his five favorite superheroes. One of the choices was ... unexpected 
The GOP's 2016 race is 15 grown-ups + Trump? Huckabee's Holocaust talk helps prove otherwise 
When going after Obama's Iran policy, GOP really ought to leave the example set by Reagan out of their talking points 
Rubio sees the Iran deal as Obama's, not America's. U.S. foreign policy can't work this way 
XLProfessor Can't think of a contemporary example. I suspect no journalist wants to develop the wrong reputation, even with cause. 
XLProfessor Serious answer: Context and details matter, of course, but speaking generally, I'm all for outing deceptive leakers. 
The NYT's Clinton email story seemed like a pretty big deal. It's amazing how quickly it started to unravel 
Wait, there's a PAC running a TV ad with a phony image and the PAC claims not to know what photoshop is?  
Well said MT PeterBeinart Every debate about  should start: Did you support Iraq War + what have u learned? 
Jeb wants to "phase out" Medicare. Seems like the sort of thing that might haunt him later 
GOP is beside itself over Trump. Funny, Frankenstein didn't like the monster he created either 
Gonna be a fun one MT maddow I needed those 2 days off to prep for tonight's awesomeness: Rick Santorum is my guest live on MSNBC, 9PM ET 
GOPers keep turning to Art Laffer for economic guidance - because being discredited isn't always a barrier to success 
Ted Cruz has a plan to scrap the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. That says more about him than it 
DeepSeaBill Rachel will be back in the chair tomorrow night, but tune in tonight anyway -- it's going to be a good show! 
Nothing says "presidential" like misusing a chainsaw, right? Rand's comeback plan needs work. 
Smart piece RT ezraklein The unexpected and ingenious strategy of Obama's second term: 
Jeb Bush has a defense for his "Swiftboat" hypocrisy. It's surprisingly unpersuasive 
daveweigel Well, almost last. Don't forget former Gov. Gilmore will launch next month, rounding out the field of 17. 
Rush Limbaugh, who had a smear-the-troops moment of his own, believes "Trump can survive this" 
Rubio: "We need more Scalias amp; less Sotomayors." Court still the under-appreciated 2016 issue 
allanbrauer Not yet, though as you noted, last week's news cycle threw some curveballs at us. 
Aside from most Americans, the UNSC, bipartisan natl security officials amp; ambassadors, Iran deal lacks strong support 
deniseromano Nope, that was my colleague Nick. I wasn't in the office at the time. 
When news orgs ask whether a governor is "playing with a full deck," it's usually a bad sign 
deniseromano Thanks for asking, Denise! Viewers couldn't see me last night, but my disembodied voice could be heard 
AM3009 That's really nice of you to say, Anna-Marie. Thanks for the kind words and support. 
Debating the Iran deal by proxy - critics vs proponents - doesn't work in the GOP's favor 
Smart MT ThePlumLineGS Axelrod: "Iran is like the healthcare debate for Rs - filled with rage but not with ideas" 
Scott Walker's approach to drug testing amp; welfare applicants is a legally dubious mess 
Mark Kirk's hysterical rhetoric - about Iran, among other things - is awfully tough to defend 
Obama's presser included something unique: a POTUS seeking the other side's talking points - so he could debunk them 
Well said RT DafnaLinzer Obama asks critics of Iran deal to imagine the alternative, but we have already lived it. 
Excellent piece RT jonathanchait Congress attempts to run the government under Norquist rules. It's really hard. 
JGreenDC Certainly, Justin. Thanks for flagging this. 
It's not just Walker: several leading 2016 GOPers want to scrap the minimum wage entirely 
Exactly RT brianbeutler ThePlumLineGS: "Democrats should not fear this broader contrast. They should lean into it" 
Quite a run for POTUS since 2014 midterms The "Why won't Obama lead?" crowd seems quiet today 
Will Congress be able to sabotage the  Almost certainly not 
mtomasky Quite right. The fact that it appeared in Will's syndicated column speaks volumes about the fringe/mainstream line being blurred. 
byelin Rubio did say something about a "time machine" last week, right? 
George Will wants to make 'Lochner' a 2016 litmus test. That sounds like a great idea 
Baffling that the GOP thinks it can turn Hillary into Romney. Wrong lessons learned after 2012 
NeilB4Zod Thanks so much, Neil. I really appreciate the positive feedback. 
Scott Walker's biggest 2016 problem: he implemented his agenda in Wisconsin amp; it didn't work 
Listening to Jeb complain about Obama's "big-syllable words" ... it's a bit much 
Gov Mary Fallin tried to identify the "3 branches of our government." It didn't go well  
Just last month, a few Republicans denied the drop in the uninsured rate. Yeah, about that... 
House GOP is turning to the NFL's Roger Goodell for "leadership lessons." What an odd choice 
Major Jeb donor: "People are looking at him as a guy who did it on his own." They are? Why? 
allanbrauer Oh, I remember. Note the seventh paragraph in the piece. 
Lynn Westmoreland asks whether John Lewis understands his defense of Confederate flags. Seems like the wrong question 
After arguing Americans "should work longer hours," Jeb clearly needs a new signature issue 
Non_PC_Guy fdtate The major differences between US laws and the Ten Commandments are actually quite interesting 
When a gov says "we respect the rule of law," then adds "however," there's usually a problem 
allanbrauer while I'm mistaken because I've predicted this seems unlikely to happen? (2/2) 
allanbrauer Just so I'm clear, you're predicting progressive voters will balk in large numbers at Sanders' guns position, while (1/2) 
allanbrauer No, the headline was an exact quote. He literally said he's aiming for "the middle." That was his precise phrase. 
Only4RM Didn't he literally describe himself as aiming for "the middle"? 
allanbrauer AFarray Only4RM If I were minimizing the issue, why did I publish a piece highlighting the issue? 
SabrinaSiddiqui You're right! I wish I'd thought of that.... 
Cruz will criticize his GOP rivals - but not Trump. I think there's a method to this madness 
Trey Gowdy has boasted, Serious investigations do not leak information." Yeah, about that... 
Lee Bandy's (R-SC) role in the Ted Cruz campaign makes today's tirade that much more alarming 
MassivRuss Right. I'm not sure if that makes it better or worse, but it's a noteworthy detail. 
Drawing a parallel between paying taxes amp; slavery is a bad idea. I'm looking at you, Rand Paul 
SteveKornacki And in between, he was willing apologize to the media for the scandal. Remember the "embarrassed and humiliated" line? 
Scott Walker has a deeply odd understanding of civics/history Stale talking points don't help 
Scott Walker thinks he has credibility to lecture President Obama on the economy. Um, no. 
Good piece, important point RT irin Liberal SCOTUS? Not so fast. My piece: 
Wasn't that long ago when we'd be thrilled with monthly job growth at 223k amp; 5.3 unemployment 
I'm curious: where's that GOP alternative to Obamacare, which was ready to go? Can we see it? 
GOP has spent months trashing an Iran nuke deal. They've failed miserably to persuade voters 
ABeckr I really hope not. 
When it seems we've reached Peak Scalia, like a true legend, he digs deep amp; reaches new levels 
GOP is invested in the idea that Obama isn't respected abroad. Reality says they're wrong 
eigenseide Nice catch, Barbara. Thanks. 
Well said RT JamesFallows I argue that Obamas Grace speech is his most accomplished single oratorical performance 
chrislhayes Picking up the key on the fly! By ear! 
If you missed POTUS' eulogy today in SC, I posted the video This *wasn't* just another speech 
6.26.03: Court scraps sodomy laws 6.26.13: Court scraps DOMA 6.26.15: Marriage equality 
Sitting governors aren't impeached often. Maine's Paul LePage (R) may soon join a small club 
Scalia's word choice makes him look foolish. Scalia's legal reasoning makes him look worse 
Smart piece, worth your time RT irin John Roberts saved Obamacare. So did Mitt Romney. Read BenjySarlin 
Normalcy reigns: (1) ACA will continue to work well; (2) GOP will whine without doing any actual work on health care 
NeilB4Zod The day is young, my friend. Stay tuned. 
Back at you, my friend RT ThePlumLineGS Also kudos to charles_gaba imillhiser stevebenen larry_levitt and others. 
In the Deep South, Alabama is a unique place. Bentley's move on the flag is pretty stunning 
House Freedom Caucus really should stop whining about Boehner's attempts at party discipline 
It doesn't get much attention, but increasing Social Security benefits sure is a popular idea 
NeilB4Zod A decade here, a decade there.... (Thanks for catching this.) 
This is really fascinating. Nice job with the video, Ezra RT ezraklein Governing has a liberal bias: 
"Any time there's an accident like this." Perry said re: Charleston, Obama "doesn't like for Americans to have guns" 
DeepSeaBill It's going to be a good show tonight anyway, but check back for the Friday Night News Dump next week. 
The big question for the Republicans' ACA repeal crusaders: "How in the world would you pay for it?" 
Do the Confederate flag's defenders believe its official display must be permanent? If it won't come down now, when? 
Fascinating. Nice job, imillhiser MT brianbeutler Why Liberal Court Watchers Heaved A Sigh Of Relief This Morning 
Endorse MT brianbeutler Best outcome for GOP would be to lose King as conclusively and embarrassingly as possible 
Has Scott Walker resolved the David Cameron mess he created for himself? Not quite 
jamisonfoser That's pretty amazing. In April, a Koch-backed group hit Francis with a much lighter touch 
brianbeutler Right, and immigration, too. But this one seems different: an organized effort to tell a faith leader to stay out of debate. 
jbview Agreed. Francis' popularity - and upcoming joint-session speech - probably made ignoring him less of an option. 
jbview Good point, though I don't recall such a broad effort on those other issues to tell faith leaders to shut up amp; stay out of debate 
Much of the right wants faith leaders to guide public debate - unless it's the pope on climate 
Yep RT maddow "Congratulations, Kansas. You appear to be living in a Dickensian nightmare." 
Part 1. We saved AIG. Part 2. AIG sued over the way in which we saved it. Part 3. Yesterday it (sort of) won in court 
Wait, Romney went after Hillary Clinton on her wealth amp; authenticity? Actually, yes. I have the video 
Enormously helpful MT CitizenCohn Good rundown - via philipaklein - of the 20 SCOTUS rulings we're expecting 
AdamSerwer Because it embiggens people? 
Boehner said "Republicans did our part" today. Strictly speaking, that's not quite right 
Jeb's Europe trip went fine? His meeting with Poland's Radosaw Sikorski deserves a 2nd look 
Franklin Graham wants to explain why he moved from one gay-friendly bank to another. Not easy 
The new N.C. marriage law isn't the typical anti-gay measure. It goes much further 
NH's Union Leader vs Fox News? Competing debates? I didn't see this one coming 
If you missed Obama's spirited ACA defense today, we have the full video. It's worth your time 
Some still see John Thune as a serious policymaker. It's time to reevaluate those assumptions 
Just when it seemed the policy debate couldn't possibly get more mind-numbingly foolish.... RT mattyglesias Oh boy 
Looks like no ruling today in King v Burwell. That ache in the pit of my stomach can go away until next Monday morning. 
Excellent advice RT CitizenCohn Somebody needs to remind Cruz, Rubio, and gang that the GM bailout worked 
Yep, pretty much MT MyConstitution "We just saw the entire King v. Burwell controversy get resolved in 41 seconds." 
ToThrive Regrettably, no, not tonight (though I appreciate you asking). My disembodied voice will return a week from tonight! 
DeepSeaBill I'm still a little under the weather - thanks for asking - and as it turns out, there's no News Dump tonight. Next week! 
fedcourts I'm really glad you flagged this for me, thx. I've updated the piece accordingly. (Let me know if I'm still on the wrong track) 
fedcourts Reading the original report it seems fair to me. What was your take on this? 
PhilipArsenault Damn, you're right. I counted confirmation votes, overlooking voice votes. Editing now.... 
Compare McConnell's tactics on Obama's court nominees to Dems' on W's. McConnell's tactics are very tough to defend 
Jeb argued this week that the economy has not improved under Obama. Yeah, about that... 
On voting rights, immigration amp; criminal justice, Clinton keeps pleasantly surprising the left 
truthtotweet thanks for asking, tellthetruth. Everything I publish at MaddowBlog has my byline. Not sure if that counts as "disembodied"! 
After his bizarre "nation-building" comments today, Rubio really needs a new signature issue 
Been thinking about this quote all day RT maddow Running for the presidencys not an IQ test, says man who knows 
Why can't the left amp; right to have a substantive healthcare conversation? Consider amazing evidence from CitizenCohn 
On economic inequality, there's the US mainstream view amp; then there's the GOP view 
JSchwetty "Increased deficit"? Try again 
On the economy, Jeb Bush doesn't believe "things are better" under Obama. That's just bonkers. 
Great piece RT jbouie Looks like Cheney-style fear-mongering is back in business! 
One of the worst defeats for a sitting Senate Majority Leader that we've seen in a long while 
Ted Cruz is certain: if JFK were alive today, he'd be a Republican. Um, no 
Blake_Smith93 Osloweknownas I've written about this many times including transition of white supremacists to GOP. 
Only 1 state has official holidays for Robert E Lee, Jeff Davis amp; Confederate Memorial Day 
Tripling down? Scott Walker returns to his ultrasound policy *again*, gets key details wrong 
Rand Paul kinda sorta walks back charge that his critics "secretly want" a terrorist attack 
Yep MT jonathanchait ACA lawsuit is ridiculous amp; people who endorse it should be laughingstocks in the legal world 
Walker is celebrating state-mandated, medically unnecessary ultrasounds *again*? Seriously? 
RealBPhil Thanks, Brian. I just updated the piece. (Give it two minutes to cycle through the tubes before hitting refresh.) 
Ron Johnson's Lego Movie complaints fail, not just as a matter of art, but on politics, too 
I didn't see that one coming RT dcbigjohn Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert Indicted On Federal Charges 
WillAtWork Yes! I actually wrote about it on my old blog, many moons ago A MaddowBlog idea is coming together..... 
Trump knows exactly how to "defeat ISIS very quickly." He just won't tell you what the plan is. 
Was the Iraq war the right move? US mainstream amp; rank-and-file Republicans sharply at odds 
Simply amazing MT maddow "Nebraska has repealed the death penalty following a dramatic 30-19 vote" 
Good advice RT kdrum Note to Politicians: Stop Being So Self-Centered About Medical Research Funding 
Walker has no idea why state-mandated, medically unnecessary ultrasounds are so controversial 
2 sides in King/Burwell case: Those who acknowledge case is insane vs those who know case is insane but won't say so 
Lindsey Graham says he knows Iranians "are liars" ... because he used to work in a pool hall 
chrislhayes Peer pressure? (All the other kids are doing it, so....) 
Lindsey Graham couldn't actually believe the U.S. has "never seen more threats," could he? 
On social issues amp; the culture war, clearly it's a new day 
DeepSeaBill Regrettably, not tonight, Billy. The segment should be back next Friday, though. 
Christie sees himself as a victim amp; wants an apology from news organizations. That's bonkers 
Jeb: deficits amp; spending "went up astronomically" after W left. That's completely backwards 
Jeb: those who believe climate science are "arrogant." Remember when he was "the smart one"? 
Christie's goal on immigration: finding "consensus" He's 2 yrs too late - we already had a consensus. Didn't matter 
So true RT ThePlumLineGS You know that sick man whose O'care tale went viral? He could be screwed again by SCOTUS: 
For all of Ted Cruz's whining, "the left" seems less "obsessed" with sex than he does 
jbouie Reagan on deficit reduction; HW Bush on taxes; Wilson on WWI; Teddy Roosevelt on seeking a 3rd term. 
If a conservative is a liberal who's been mugged, perhaps a Democrat is a Republican who needed medical care 
Boehner's entire argument on authorizing the ISIS mission (or not) is an incoherent mess 
EBOlady In my defense, I was quoting someone else's text. In context, note that this wasn't my choice of words. 
Old Senate GOP line: Iran can't be trusted New Senate GOP line: Ayatollah might be more trustworthy than Obama admin 
Christie thinks his constituents love him too much to see him run for WH. He also thinks they were saying "Boo-urns" 
Cruz keeps talking about "mandatory gay marriage." He knows it's optional amp; voluntary, right? 
Well played, BC RT billclinton Welcome to Twitter, POTUS! One question: Does that username stay with the office?  
Starting to think Rep. Frank Guinta's (R-NH) career won't survive his campaign-finance scandal 
Walker *still* thinks Reagan firing air-traffic controllers is the biggest foreign-policy decision of his lifetime? 
morganwarstler I kind of liked that report, actually. What about it did you find unserious? 
Boehner: NDAA is about "whether you support our men amp; women in uniform." Inconvenient detail: he's voted against NDAA 
kombiz Thanks, Kombiz! You're too kind. 
Jeb Bush's Apple Watch/healthcare argument was nearly as bizarre as his confusion over Iraq 
Is Ben Carson doing well in GOP polls despite his bizarre antics or because of them? 
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose RT jonathanchait Romney's internal forecasts show him winning in a 2nd round KO 
Rubio's clearly picked the wrong topic to be his signature issue RT AdamSerwer This is...not accurate 
virgprit1 Hi, Virginia. We're at achelmsnbc.com 
What does it say about Jeb that he's flubbing obvious questions he's had years to prepare for? 
MassivRuss Nope. Hoover was Commerce Sec (under 2 administrations) but was never a governor. 
jonathanchait jbview A little trivia: how many presidents were cabinet officials amp; elected to statewide office? 
McCain thinks he's great at finding wasteful spending amp; all spending related to animals is hilarious. Wrong on both 
Rick Perry sees the Supreme Court as the top issue in the 2016 race. He's probably right 
He's quite a congressman, isn't he? RT NormOrnstein Amazing. Darrel Issa wins Nobel Prize for clueless insensitivity 
Fla gov cited his mother's death to endorse Medicaid expansion. He apparently didn't mean it 
DeepSeaBill As things stand, it's on track. Barring unexpected breaking news tonight, I'd say it'll make the show. Thanks for asking! 
With his comments on the poor, Issa transitions from congressman to Dickensian villain 
Unemployment rate drops to a seven-year low 
Show of hands: how many knew it's the official Natl Day of Prayer? Is the "holiday" needed? 
"Photographing the President in 50 States" - scroll down, look at the pic from Indiana Cries out for caption contest 
First, Jeb Bush. Then, Rand Paul. What's with all the Charles Murray references among GOP 2016ers? 
Quite right RT ThePlumLineGS These CitizenCohn points will make for a key contrast in 2016 race: 
daguro I think you're right! Thanks for passing this along. 
Why the Simpsons' "Lisa the Vegetarian" episode reminds me of Christie's faltering WH plans 
gerrycanavan I disagree. This is the stage at which candidates - in both parties - make clear what kind of candidates they intend to be. 
gerrycanavan So you expected her to stake out progressive positions on major issues? Without a real primary challenge, I didn't. 
gerrycanavan Should I assume that you're *not* surprised by Clinton's recent progressive postures? Or that you just don't believe her? 
MPLS_Critic That's not quite what "triangulation" means. If Clinton were triangulating, she'd run to the center, not the left. 
I can't be the only one surprised by just how progressive Hillary Clinton's 2016 vision is 
Why will the GOP's 2016 field probably be the largest in US history? I have a theory 
As 2016 litmus-test issues go, "Do you agree with Obama's auto-industry rescue?" is a good one 
So true RT ezraklein Paul Ryan loves talking about poverty, but he keeps getting the basic facts wrong: 
Just for nerdy fun, let's note some of Scott Walker's more obvious  flaws 
Boehner's convinced: ACA is "not working." Maybe he defines "working" in some odd new way? 
With minimal subtlety RT ThePlumLineGS NYTimeskrugman unloads on nytdavidbrooks (without naming him): 
Disheartening isn't it? MT NormOrnstein CO GOP kills program that cut teen birth rate 40 via low cost contraception 
crossG2V Great catch, Emily. Thanks for the heads-up! 
Texas GOPer gives Gov Abbott some advice: stop "pandering to idiots" over conspiracy theories 
Christie aides deliberately crippled a community - choosing the 1st day of school on purpose 
House GOP amp; the banking industry teamed up to delay consumer protections for military families. They failed 
It's nutty, but the GOP campaign against birthright citizenship goes well beyond Steve King 
Never heard of the right-wing "Jade Helm 15" conspiracy theory? Texas Gov Greg Abbott sure has 
If Rubio's a new, forward-thinking Republican, what's he doing signing Norquist's "pledge"? 
GOP spent months condemning nuke deal with Iran as dangerous appeasement. US mainstream just doesn't believe them. 
Video/transcript of Obama: "Don't just pay attention to these communities when a CVS burns" 
Jeb's grandfather amp; father loved Planned Parenthood. In 2016, he's breaking family tradition 
Could GOP 2016 field soon hold a football scrimmage, 11 per side? No longer seems ridiculous 
Cruz says Dems want gay marriage to be "mandatory." Pretty sure they want it to be voluntary 
Huckabee: Christianity is being "criminalized" in the US. Santorum: "Secular church" is the new "state religion." Ugh 
thehill You've tweeted this literally 10 times since midday yesterday. I think we've got it. (Worse, t's not really actual *news*.) 
Great report RT irin I read all the anti marriage equality amicus briefs so you dont have to 
A new conventional wisdom is taking root: Congress is "finally back on track." I hate to rain on the parade, but... 
jadler1969 I appreciate the interest, Jonathan, though I'll need some time to review the policy amp; relevant details. Cheers. 
jadler1969 Thanks for flagging, Jonathan. I went back amp; edited yesterday's piece, correcting the "unprecedented" phrasing, which was wrong. 
Rand Paul's posture on drones is unrecognizable compared to 2 years ago 
Amazing RT voxdotcom See Congress polarize over the past 60 years, in one beautiful chart 
DeepSeaBill An actual, real-life human being goes through that inbox every weekday. 
Steve King's judicial scheme is many things. "Constitutional conservatism" isn't one of them 
Well said MT EJDionne Gingrich would double NIH funding. Kudos. But his case undermines the GOP story about govt 
sahilkapur GOPers push court stripping from time to time but it's ridiculously unconstitutional. 
Exactly right MT ThePlumLineGS Senator's post-SCOTUS "fix" accidentally reveals absurdity of GOP Obamacare stance 
Excellent piece RT CitizenCohn Proof that conservative fury over Obamacare makes no sense 
GOP whining about success is odd MT CitizenCohn hadn't seen that Rubio came out against Obama auto industry rescue 
As the ACA's popularity grows, the right's house of cards on healthcare is crumbling 
Worst GOP candidate pitch I've ever heard: Vote for me; my red-state constituents hated my far-right policy agenda 
Jindal boasts that his home-state voters *hated* his agenda. That's much funnier than realizes 
Definitely matters MT brianbeutler Clinton all but said she wants to end carried-interest loophole a few minutes ago 
"I didn't inhale" for new generation: GOP 2016ers struggle to find nuance on marriage equality 
When was the last time a nat'l candidate suggested Americans shouldn't join the U.S. military? 
Fascinating piece RT jonathanchait How "negative partisanship" has remade American politics 
Following NJ's 9th debt downgrade, Christie's 2016 pitch is increasingly hard to even imagine 
It's not just that Rubio's Florida Health Choices is a dud; it's also the cost of the failure 
Funny thing about Arizona's new anti-ACA law: it hurts the state on purpose for no reason 
AnnieLowrey Hey, wait a minute, I live in Vermont. And we prefer "eccentric," thankyouverymuch. 
GOP pres candidates disagreed this week on the right to an armed insurrection against the US. 
It's a shame the obscene House vote cutting billionaires' taxes isn't getting more attention 
sweetangelface Republicans demanded a vote in the new Congress, not the old one. Reid honored GOP's wishes, expecting responsible behavior 
Now that Loretta Lynch has waited nearly 23 weeks, Harry Reid has a plan to "force" a vote 
Despite 1 status, Christie says he's "not wealthy." Bad idea - politically amp; economically 
Great piece RT jbouie Obama's relatively scandal free administration is a tremendous electoral gift to Clinton 
SeattleSportsPT 38 senators told the courts "the most basic precept of our system of government" was on the line. They thought it mattered! 
The federal courts have rejected an important GOP case against Obamacare. No, the other one 
Common thread tying together recent weeks: the GOP has no real memory of the 1980s amp; 1990s 
Christie sees tough-guy posturing as the basis for a foreign policy. That's kinda dangerous 
Bob Corker's gloating seems inappropriate given the circumstances amp; his position. Why not take the high road? 
Imagining a Clinton/Obama ticket, brianbeutler may brush past the 12th Amendment too quickly 
Very helpful piece; worth your time MT ThePlumLineGS Corker-Menendez is now gonna happen. My look at what's next 
Boasting about a new vision while offering an old one isn't leadership; it's posturing 
Like it or not, the ACA is succeeding in its most fundamental goal 
Some candidates have a mainstream platform but a firebrand tone. Rubio's the opposite: radical ideas, genial demeanor 
When was the last time a POTUS was a former cabinet secretary amp; former statewide elected pol? It's been a long while 
Yep, that's a Babylon 5 reference in a Krugman piece  RT NYTimeskrugman A Victory Against the Shadows 
DeepSeaBill Yep! Barring any breaking news, the News Dump is on track for tonight's show. Thanks for asking. 
The far-right apoplexy about Obama's Easter prayer breakfast remarks is genuinely bizarre 
mattyglesias I'm relieved. If you'd hated it I would have been disappointed. Thanks for taking a look. 
I promise this is more interesting than you might think RT maddow Why President Obama went to Jamaica: 
mattyglesias Actually, no! If you have time, read the piece. I'd be interested in your take amp; whether or not you agree with my thesis. 
RepTomMarino If you have a substantive argument, I'm happy to update my published piece with a link to your proposed solution. 
RepTomMarino Congressman, if you have a substantive argument on why voters should face limits on re-electing reps, I'm eager to hear it. 
Are we to believe Rand wanted to spend his 1st day talking about abortion amp; his irritability? 
1. GOP guts IRS budget 2. IRS struggles badly 3. GOP blames IRS for poor performance 
13millionplus On that last point, does anyone still listen to him, I'm glad you asked: 
Maybe Cheney should stop condemning Obama's Iran policy amp; start apologizing for his own? 
In order to help keep people safe, all guns at the NRA convention will be "nonoperational" 
Cotton says US can start quick, consequence-free confrontation with Iran. What could go wrong? 
Congress doesn't care when Obama launches a war. Congress only cares when he tries to prevent one 
Darn, I was gonna say that RT jonathanchait Rand promises to illegally trade weapons to Iran in return for hostages 
Yep RT maddow "worth keeping an eye on  unless you dont eat food, in which case you have nothing to worry about." 
Given Rand Paul's background amp; worldview, it's tempting to ask, "President of what?" 
UPPastryPlate I, of course, have nothing but confidence in the safety of the food on the UP Pastry Plate. 
Only Americans who eat food should be concerned about Congress' approach to food safety 
When Republicans talk about Reagan's jobs record, they tend to run into trouble 
The more Corporate America opposes discrimination laws, the more the GOP asks, "Who cares what job creators think?" 
michelleminton Thanks for reaching out, Michelle. The best way to pass something along is achelmsnbc.com - which we actually check. 
brianbeutler But didn't the right also accuse Ronaldus Magnus of Munich-like diplomacy? 
Good: Obama's speech on Iran deal. Better: Obama's speech with an "anger translator" 
1. GOP stresses importance of US stature abroad. 2. GOP vows to abandon US commitments to international agreements. 
Obama's remarks yesterday were compelling, but they needed an anger translator 
JEFFREYH23 It's actually happened a couple of times but never for an individual. 
ABeckr And I still ... haven't found ... that for which I am looking. 
Awful even for him RT MaddowBlog Shorter Sen. Cotton on discrimination bill: Hey, Arkansas is still better than Iran 
I've kept track of the big issues Christie is afraid to talk about. Indiana joins a long list 
It's been a while since we saw a great report on unemployment claims. Today's news qualifies 
As it turns out, GOP senators trying to sabotage Obama admin on international stage wasn't a one-time thing 
Will Mike Pence fix his RFRA law? He's made contradictory assurances - 5 times in 6 days 
Exactly MT ThePlumLineGS GOP Rep: Things in Obamacare that are helping people don't actually count as Obamacare 
If Pence wants to "fix" his right-to-discriminate law, what does that say about the 2016ers who like the law as-is? 
Republicans assume the US mainstream opposes Iran nuclear talks. Reality suggests otherwise 
2016er gets attention for (1) making clear he's running; then again for (2) leaking date of kickoff; then again for (3) actually announcing? 
Remember John Oliver amp; "shockingly unregulated" dietary supplements? It's still true, but some changes are on the way 
I really hope not MT ed_kilgore Are news-cycle blogs like Political Animal and MaddowBlog endangered species? 
Fine: Rand Paul pandering to the religious right. Not fine: Paul misquoting the 1st Amendment 
erinidle No, it's not just you. I hadn't heard about the odd phenomenon, either! That said ,I fear that it was probably inevitable.  
Want to hear my disembodied voice on TV? Sure you do. I'll be on towards the end of maddow show tonight on msnbc . Tune in; it'll be fun 
Walker 1st pitch: Union-busting prepared me for WH. 2nd pitch: Boy scouts prepared me for WH 
ACTwithLainy miles_wilma Larry, it's on videotape. It's not a myth, there's recorded proof. 
sarahposner Agreed. What's more, it's only March! I shudder to think what the religio-pandering might look like in, say, October. 
Rand Paul believes marriage-equality debate shouldn't exist, blames "moral crisis" 
Favorite Harry Reid story: a mobster tried to bribe him in '78, so Reid tried to strangle him 
Boehner: world is "starving" for "leadership," but Obama is "anti-war." That's kind of bonkers 
As Rand Paul demands more military spending, will his fans balk at his abandoned principles? 
Why should you care about the GOP budget? As one GOPer put it, "a budget is a moral document" that reflects "values" 
Great story RT CitizenCohn Threat to ACA subsidies was so important feds forgot to make it amp; states never heard it 
XLProfessor You joke, but I get the impression this summarizes - quite well - a common perspective within the voter-suppression crowd. 
Ugly irony: Scott Walker raises $ off voter-ID scheme, tells donors, "Democracy's most precious gift is protected" 
House GOPer: Obamacare costs taxpayers $5 million per person. He was only off by $4,991,000 
RUDY_MAYOR My piece was about factual inaccuracies. The senator made specific claims that were at odds with the truth. 
Jeb in Feb: "I am my own man" Jeb in Mar: My mom amp; brother want you to donate to my super PAC 
ThePlumLineGS jbview LemieuxLGM This is the legit point. Cruz amp; the right told millions, "Take 1 for the team; go without coverage." 
Ted Cruz connected with Glenn Beck on Friday. Then again on Monday. Then again today. 
Liberty U, where students can't dance but can bring guns to class, is a special place  
5 years ago, Republicans made all kinds of predictions about "Obamacare." How do they hold up? 
Rand Paul has had weeks to think of a coherent rationale for signing the  He can't 
DMJreports Nice catch, Daniel. Thanks for letting me know. 
Last week, John Kerry made Marco Rubio look pretty foolish on foreign policy This week, Rubio made himself look bad 
Missouri GOP won't approve Medicaid expansion, but the Affordable Cow Act is in good shape 
Cotton: US officials shouldn't "undermine" foreign officials "currently in negotiations." Huh? 
m4zdaman To get a sense of what I mean, click the link and take a look at the piece. 
A rough week for NH kids hearing harsh rhetoric from GOP pols - amp; I don't just mean Ted Cruz 
Try to reconcile Monday vs. Thursday Netanyahu. Will anyone be persuaded? Will the WH? 
The irony of Republicans keeping Eric Holder on as A.G indefinitely is under-appreciated 
How foolish has the debate over the human-trafficking bill become? Mark Kirk is suggesting Dems are defending slavery 
If Walker is waiting for a Profile in Courage Award, he'll likely be waiting a very long time 
Mike_Saltsman In context, he seemed to make the case that the min wage falls outside the fed governments role. Strikes me as clear (2/2) 
Mike_Saltsman The question's wording: "Lets talk minimum wage. Is raising it a good idea and if so, is it the governments role?" (1/2) 
Mike_Saltsman I updated the piece with the quote from the AP article, noting Bush's purported support for the law he seemed to criticize. 
Mike_Saltsman Given his public comments, which I quoted in full, Bush seemed to make a case against the wage law. That said (1/2) 
Jeb becomes the latest Republican WH hopeful to oppose the existence of a federal minimum wage 
 of months in new Congress: 2  of GOP lawmakers resigning so far: 2 
The right is *still* trying to find a good defense for the  They're still failing 
Not sure how ACA critics can call it a "failure" with a straight face Arguably the most effective law in a generation 
Is it too late to reconsider Jeb's reputation as a "wonk"? The praise seems wildly misplaced 
Infomercial pitch-man Mike Huckabee is doing permanent damage to his reputation 
What do Walker, Christie, Rubio, Perry, Jindal, amp; Santorum have in common? Overcoming "home-state haters" 
The right's preoccupation with Munich, Chamberlain, amp; 1938 isn't just wrong; it's lazy 
Maybe putting a Senate climate denier in charge of NASA oversight wasn't such a hot idea 
chrislhayes In order to raise money for an illegal war? And then tell the nation the opposite in a national address? 
The facts are clearly on Pelosi's side RT thehill Pelosi: Don't compare my trip to Syria with the GOP's  
TRexstasy Nice catch, David. Thanks for the heads-up! 
sirlittlejohn Thanks for the heads-up! I appreciate it. 
Kerry today treated Rubio like a student who forgot to do his homework Senator's questions really were cringe-worthy 
Why oh why is Doug Feith still offering advice on U.S. policy in the Middle East? 
Bad: Rubio signs Cotton's sabotage letter. Worse: Rubio exploits scandal for fundraising. 
Does Pelosi's 2007 Syria trip undermine claims that Tom Cotton's  is "unprecedented"? Actually, no 
Seconded RT chrislhayes Fred Kaplan unloads on the Cotton letter. Very very good: 
It was good to see Tom Cotton defend his  but his pitch needs real work (w/ video) 
Campaign to turn the Bob Menendez story into an Obama conspiracy is off to a very silly start 
When the GOP tells the world there are two US foreign policies, they're playing with fire 
Cruz, Menendez, amp; the blurry line between the GOP base and prominent GOP officials 
Follow-up tweet: House GOP leaders, under intense pressure, decided to send Maj Leader McCarthy to Selma tomorrow 
JohnPJones1775 Sure, that's actually pretty easy (scroll down to the 7th annotated footnote) 
 of GOP leaders who attended March on Washington anniversary: 0  of GOP leaders going to Selma tomorrow: 0 
Seconded RT jbview Agree with ThePlumLineGS - insane for NYT to buy Ryan infinite loop op-ed as "gaining momentum" 
Last time the economy added 200,000+ jobs for 12 consecutive months? More than 3 decades ago 
What made the NRA think it'd be a good idea to taunt Gabrielle Giffords? 
XLProfessor I keep waiting for tweets referencing "those Minneapolis guys".... 
After 2010 cycle, Minnesota moved left amp; Wisconsin moved right. 5 years later, who's winning? 
Haven't followed Christie's controversial Exxon settlement in NJ? it's probably time to start 
So true, so true RT CitizenCohn The best part of any Supreme Court case is reading Dahlialithwick afterwards 
HaydenEsq This, from one of my colleagues on the show, summarizes the situation for me 
djholzem The constitutionality of the statute is not at issue in this case. That question was considered amp; resolved three years ago. 
AtsushiJC Thanks for the kind words, Atsushi; I really appreciate the support. 
Scalia: count on the folks who voted 56x to repeal the ACA to approve a simple technical fix 
Agreed, though I'm not sure how it exists RT jbview RT onceuponA: The WSJ liveblog is very good: 
Endorsed RT jbouie I like brianbeutler on King/Halbig because he gets on what is so frustrating about the challenge 
chicagoshep I'm all ears, Shep. What'd you find? 
By most measures, the King v Burwell argument is a brazenly insane fraud. It might win anyway 
tomcollins76 I'm afraid this isn't something I know much about amp; I'm not sure how to help. Try maybe? 
Clinton will have to explain email story, but the GOP is attacking from an awkward position 
Clip amp; save; it'll come in handy RT MaddowBlog A children's treasury of crises manufactured by Congress: 
The House GOP won't listen to their own Speaker. The House GOP will listen to Dick Cheney. 
Given Perry's secession talk, he should probably shy away from questioning Clinton's "loyalty" 
Does Congress careen from crisis to crisis? Yes. Will it continue? Yes. Is it an accident? No 
The question Speaker Boehner simply cannot answer: what good is a leader whose ostensible followers ignore him? 
Not yet MT ThePlumLineGS At CPAC Jeb embraced legalization. But he didn't answer toughest question on immigration 
Rubio agrees with Obama's ISIS strategy. I don't think Rubio knows that 
Yesterday wasn't even the 1st time Walker argued anti-union work is preparation for int'l foes 
Boehner no longer understands how leverage works (and he doesn't know what "blackmail" means) 
jbview Agreed. And it pains to admit I'm nostalgic for the Gingrich era and its embrace of policy coherence. Those were the days.... 
jbview Regrettably, no, and in my experience, they tend to avoid those who might ask questions like these. 
Ron Johnson's awkward pitch: a DHS shutdown wouldn't *really* be a DHS shutdown 
When he started parsing the meaning of the word "see," the O'Reilly story took a weird turn 
RC9511 JGreenDC RBPundit Less so for me. 
JGreenDC Thanks, Justin. I flubbed this one this afternoon and I appreciate the kind words. 
JGreenDC RBPundit Uncle. I worded this poorly. I'm updating now to clarify. 
NeilB4Zod I was afraid it was too subtle. I even received a couple "you must have worded this wrong" emails from non-geek readers. 
Netanyahu has suddenly discovered he doesn't want to appear "partisan"? Riiiight. Sure he has. 
RightonCarl In large part because I'm not entirely convinced the 60-vote threshold will survive 
Begun the veto era has GOP would have grounds for complaint if KXL arguments weren't so weak 
Yep RT ThePlumLineGS CitizenCohn really makes OrrinHatch's defense of anti-ACA lawsuit look silly here: 
Just remembered that I started blogging exactly 12 years ago today, making me an old-timer in this medium. (Is "blogoversary" a word?) 
GOP's anti-reality wing: Republicans pretend en masse that anti-ISIS airstrikes don't exist 
Walker thinks Reagan scared USSR amp; Iran by firing air-traffic controllers. That's pretty nutty 
Priebus' plan: prevent a 2016 "circus" by limiting debates. Why it's failing: candidates create circuses, not debates 
In defense of the "media gotcha game" questions Scott Walker doesn't want to answer 
WillAtWork Well, we got Peacekeeper wars, and there's chatter about a movie so we can't complain *too* much. 
ISIS hoped to change Americans' attitudes towards war. With some unexpected help, it's working 
Nov 2013; Krauthammer condemns the Nuclear Option. Feb 2015: Krauthammer demands the Nuclear Option, Part II. 
After punts on evolution amp; Giuliani, we're learning a lot about Scott Walker's leadership's skills (or lack thereof) 
Great piece, discouraging trend RT zackroth From Nevada to Georgia, GOP readies new wave of voting restrictions. 
So when it comes to wages, Wal-Mart has positioned itself to the left of Congress? 
Time to question POTUS' patriotism - says the guy who praises Vladimir Putin as a great leader 
In case it's not painfully obvious, O'Reilly's vision of a "holy war" is unusually reckless amp; irresponsible 
HW Bush on Iran-Contra; W Bush after on Abu Ghraib; Jeb Bush on Iraq: "Mistakes were made"  
The troubles with Jeb's "I am my own man" pitch: it's overly defensive amp; it's not true 
As manufactured outrages go, the right's apoplexy about Marie Harf is pretty silly 
If you're waiting for 'Obamacare" to fail/collapse on its own, I some very bad news for you 
irin did a really amazing job RT maddow Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg interview, full transcript: 
There were no consequences for the GOP after the 2013 shutdown. So maybe they don't care about DHS shutdown in 2015? 
TR seems low, and HW Bush amp; Adams a bit too high, but I quite like this RT mattyglesias American Presidents, ranked 
It pains me to admit I'd never heard the story of Ona Judge. What a powerful piece RT irin This is a must-read today 
Obama launched a military offensive against ISIS six months ago. Republicans seem oddly unaware of that 
Boehner feared WH "interference" with his effort to undermine US foreign policy. Wait, what? 
Following scandals surrounding Christie, Perry, Scott, Brownback, Deal, and McDonnell, the 1st gubernatorial resignation is ... Kitzhaber? 
Under the circumstances, the collapse in Christie's NJ support is a big 2016 warning sign 
Let me get this straight: GOP (a) sees Obama as a lawless tyrant; and (b) wants to give him more unilateral power? 
RobBoston1 Is it a church-state wall? 
carlaaxt Agreed. That said, when we're counting down to the end of his career in hours instead of years.... 
Given the circumstances, how does Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber's (D) career survive? It doesn't 
How in the world did ed_kilgore find the time to write a book about the 2014 elections? 
MattVallone I agree, though I think that's all the more reason for legislators to write their own legislation. 
Congress to Obama: Send us an AUMF! Obama to Congress; Fine, here's an AUMF. Congress to Obama: We hate this AUMF! 
Rove is complaining about "make-believe foreign policy." Maybe he's become some kind of ironic performance artist? 
sahilkapur I shudder to think what Kirk's new position might be tomorrow! (Nice scoop, by the way.) 
rebleber For a minute, I honestly thought you were watching real events in Washington and were speaking metaphorically. 
sahilkapur Is it fair to say Kirk had a wildly different position on DHS funding just yesterday? 
GOP vs science: climate, vaccines, post-bathroom hand-washing, Walker "punting" on evolution 
We know where the 2016ers are on vaccines. Now can we hear where they are on Alabama ignoring federal court rulings? 
"Coffins outside each Democratic office"? Mark Kirk really ought to be ashamed of himself 
NeilB4Zod I'm on the case: 
Did you catch Elizabeth Warren's not-so-subtle shot at Rand Paul on vaccinations yesterday? 
jbview I had a big, related piece along these lines back in September: Some overlap between your list amp; mine 
NeilB4Zod When it finished weeping, irony then jumped out the window. Thanks for the heads-up on this. 
And then there were 3: Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) announces he, too, will skip Netanyahu joint-session speech (along with Leahy, Sanders) 
The more Rand Paul talks about the Fed the less he seems to understand it His signature issue? 
The ACA's saving grace? Big Business amp; hospitals reject the GOP line on King v Burwell 
If Obama's Prayer Breakfast speech was really so outrageous, why do his detractors feel the need to make stuff up? 
Plaintiff in anti-healthcare case: "I don't like the idea of throwing people off their health insurance"  
When a judge says, "I'm not worried about following the U.S. Constitution," it's a problem 
Does Jindal deserve blame for a Baton Rouge E.R. closing its doors? Of course he does 
Yep RT MaddowBlog AFP activist condemns Medicaid expansion, because he really wants socialized system like Medicare. 
What a great interview. Well worth your time MT voxdotcom The full Vox Conversation with BarackObama is up. 
Prayer Breakfast outrage is clearly a cynical game of partisan theater Complaints ring hollow 
Watching the right root against good news on jobs is unseemly - and more than a little sad 
theonlyadult I noted that, quite specifically, in the post: 
SnarkyBits We all have our hobbies. Mine involve charts. Let he who has no charts cast the first stone.... 
Just for kicks, let's compare job creation in Obama's 5th amp; 6th years vs. other two-termers 
XLProfessor Take a look at this chart from last month: It's not exactly what you suggested, but it's close 
Face it: if Romney produced numbers like these, RNC would be organizing parades in his honor 
When news about a Chris Christie scandal leads us to ask, "Which one?" that's a bad sign 
weezmgk Good catch, Comrade. Thanks! 
To see Mitch McConnell whine about "obstructionism" is an amazing failure of self-awareness 
+1 MT imillhiser Read Linda Greenhouse on how SCOTUS endangers its own legitimacy by entertaining a partisan attack 
Well said MT EJDionne Ryan says Obama's approach is "envy ecpnomics." Does that make his approach "greed economics?" 
Is it me or are the similarities between Jeb and Romney starting to pile up? 
The GOP's Obamacare alternative will be 'flown in by a unicorn sliding down a rainbow' 
Rand Paul's real gem wasn't "profound mental disorders." Rather, it was "temporally related." 
If you missed the video of Sean Duffy making a bizarre anti-vax case, remember: he was serious 
From climate to evolution to contraception to vaccinations to ... bathroom hand-washing 
SnarkyBits I mentioned that one in the post!  
How bad is Paul Ryan's memory? He seems to have forgotten what "trickle-down economics" means 
sage80_rocker Doesn't that set the bar a little low? "Senator/doctor/presidential hopeful contributes more than random online trolls"? 
I'm not saying Rand Paul has a nasty anti-science streak. Wait, that's exactly what I'm saying 
Bingo MT AdamSerwer Don't really care if Jeb Bush smoked weed, but I do want to know if he wants to put people in jail for something he did 
GOP won't like Obama's new exec order on rising sea levels. WH is right to do it anyway 
Seen the non-partisan amicus briefs in the King/Burwell case? The American Cancer Society's was especially striking 
Most of the GOP's legislative agenda makes the deficit bigger. So why keep up phony deficit-hawk pretense? 
SamSeder You can't stop Sam Seder; you can only hope to contain him. 
chrislhayes "A testament to hard work, diligence, and studying up."  
Gonna be good MT maddow RNC responds to the Bryan Fischer controversy amp; the RNC's planned trip this weekend with the AFA. 9pm ET, MSNBC 
JosPerkins Actually, no. Reality is just reality, even when more than one media professional notices it. 
JohnPJones1775 Labor force participation rate amp; weekly jobless claims are completely unrelated. You may be thinking of a different metric. 
Excellent piece RT sahilkapur My deep dive into Republican contingency planning for King v. Burwell: 
If you missed it, the story of the AFA ousting Bryan Fischer as its spokesman is a doozy 
Jobless claims improve to 14-year low. To borrow a phrase, this is good news, people 
It's a good one RT maddow We've got some news to break tonight about a well-known figure on the right losing his job. 9pm ET, MSNBC 
This week - over the last 24 hrs - the King v Burwell case descended into maddening gibberish 
Yep MT paulwaldman1 Read ThePlumLineGS interviews w/ state officials who say argument in King v. Burwell is crazy 
Rick Perry amp; the jobless-rate conspiracy: when reality is your foe, you're doing it wrong 
SamSokol42 delong LOLGOP Here's my list from October: It doesn't include this other 
The weekend's amazing line wasn't from Palin, it was Ben Carson on the ACA: "Even if it worked, I would oppose it" 
Great piece RT brianbeutler The Conservative Plan to Repeal Obamacare Is Insanely Immoral 
andybud_o Clearly, I have "2016" on the brain. Ugh. 
Boehner predicted Obama's approval rating would drop after SOTU. Yeah, about that... 
As Palin calls POTUS an "overgrown little boy," GOP infantilizing Obama is getting tiresome 
Want to hear my disembodied voice on TV? Sure you do. I'll be on towards the end of maddow show tonight on msnbc . Tune in; it'll be fun 
chrislhayes How about Bharara at point, you at shooting guard? 
A rough week for those who pretend to believe in the merits of the absurd King v Haling case 
Hmm... RT brianbeutler Will be fascinating to see if and how the White House tries to counterprogram this on March 3 
steveniweiss Too much? 
Unintended effect of Boehner/Netanyahu partnership: it seems to have woken everyone else up 
Huckabee actually seems to believe states can ignore Supreme Court rulings they don't like 
It's easy to ignore GOP foreign-policy tantrums - until they have real-world consequences 
After  DC chatter about Obama being "disengaged" amp; reluctant to lead seems pretty silly 
MikeGrunwald Well, I consider it less "anti-GOP" and more "pro-reality and pro-accountability." 
Head of Senate Homeland Security Comm is surprisingly confused about Homeland Security funding 
When US Ebola patients dropped to 0, political world lost interest in how wrong the right was 
nickicomelately Careful, Nicholas. You don't want to give them any ideas. 
Bobby Jindal's antics amp; discredited nonsense in Britain yesterday were shameful, even for him 
Whether or not a Tea Party SOTU response is wise, Curt Clawson is an odd choice to deliver it 
Well said MT EJDionne Era of Reaganomics is over. Just listen to the GOP.... Progressive concerns define the debate 
Fox has given up on Europe's mythical "no-go zones," but Bobby Jindal just can't help himself 
A year ago, Lindsey Graham said, "The world is literally about to blow up." He seems a little *more* hysterical now 
The Colbert-ification of foreign policy thinking: GOP governor (and 2016er) values his "gut" over expertise 
Mitt '12: leave divisive talk about econ inequality to "quiet rooms" Mitt '15: inequality now matters, blame Obama 
A month ago, Rush Limbaugh said, "Obama's approval is in the 30s." A lot can happen in a month 
WH petition asks Obama to replace Ted Cruz on Senate committee overseeing NASA  
If Ernst is the "perfect choice" for the SOTU response, that's not good news for Republicans 
I'm so glad LemieuxLGM wrote this about Chris Caldwell amp; Obama's legacy Saves me the trouble of writing it myself 
Rand Paul goes after Americans on disability. He may not have thought this one through 
Marco Rubio's big challenge: reconciling forward-thinking rhetoric amp; backward-looking policies 
If Team Romney seriously believes Mitt could have prevented ISIS's existence, they're already in fantasy land 
Romney in '12: "I'm not concerned about the very poor" Romney in '15: "Tackling poverty" will be a campaign pillar 
Right's outrage over Paris march was at least grounded in fact - until they went overboard Katina comparison? Really? 
If your top concern right now is whether Obama is using the phrase "war on terror," you're doing it wrong 
Seconded RT ThePlumLineGS Congrats to CitizenCohn for his new gig at HuffPostPol: Great move all around. 
cody_k Describing controversial speech as "provocative" doesn't really seem like an "argument," but your mileage may vary. 
cody_k Remind me, which argument? 
Only President Romney can get that unemployment rate to 6. Oh wait... 
For GOP, Keystone stopped being about a pipeline a while ago - it's now an ideological totem 
2014 was a better year for jobs than any year of either Bush era-- and half the Clinton era 
There's a bipartisan, obvious solution to address infrastructure needs. Boehner just killed it 
Senate GOP reactions to Paris attack did not inspire confidence in the chamber's new majority 
In its first *3 days*, House GOP has prioritized: Social Security, Volcker Rule, ACA, "dynamic scoring" amp; Keystone 
joshtpm More than just a senator, actually. He's the new chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  
dashching Of course, I keep using those phrases anyway, click bait or not! 
What's worse: McConnell wanting credit for economic growth or McConnell expecting us to believe such nonsense? 
The right can only bury its head in the sand about Obamacare's successes for so long 
ChristopHall It's a good question. I think New Jersey's Dem majority is moving forward, asking the same question. 
Smartypants60 Good point, Nancy. Thanks for the heads-up. 
Boehner faced more intra-party defections than any Speaker in a quarter-century 
Important amp; necessary MT ThePlumLineGS ICYMI: How Dems plan to rebuild on state level after 2014 shellacking: 
There is still nothing quite so amazing in American media as the wording of a Fox News poll 
After the Scalise controversy, what's next for the Republicans' minority outreach efforts? 
haroldpollack kdrum Well, when I saw this I hoped for the best. HNY back at you 
Conservatives before: economy stinks; blame Dems Conservatives now: economy's fine; credit austerity Both are wrong 
Question wasn't whether Scalise would show contrition; it was whether the GOP would absolve his mistakes. Now we know 
Despite Fox News' new claims, Obama is not going to take away "your favorite sprinkled donut" 
Obama approval reaches 16-month high in one poll and 20-month high in another 
With leadership elections soon, Scalise's white-supremacist speech puts his future in jeopardy 
Who made the most Sunday show appearances in 2014? Hint: GOP voices dominated (again) 
The WH assumed Obama's support would climb if they ignored GOP election boasts amp; got stuff done. They were right 
Funny part of today's IRS story: Issa wouldn't even let Dems see the report before its release 
Striking to see just how silent GOP is in response to the strongest economic growth in 11 yrs 
keithboykin LOLGOP daveweigel Boehner, Rove, and others also blamed Obama for Wall Street's troubles in early '09 
As things stand, Obama's argument about an "American Resurgence" looks quite believable 
A major development; underscores GOP plans RT daveweigel Conservatives win: GOP Congress dumping Elmendorf from CBO 
Whenever we play the "How can Obama take a break at a time like this" game, it's more tiresome 
dr_ikjyotsinghk My suspicion is these minority faiths represented too small a percentage of the polling sample to be included in results. 
Who's more likely to favor Bush-era torture policies, religious or non-religious Americans? 
NeilB4Zod Nice catch on "worried" and thanks for noticing my '90s-era cultural references! 
Yep. Overdue. RT ThePlumLineGS SenRandPaul versus marcorubio is not mere popcorn munching spectacle. Good to see real debate underway. 
Love Obama or hate him, no one will ever call him an "inconsequential" president 
GOP in 2012: vote Obama out of office and get 6 unemployment, gas at $2.50/gallon. Oops 
metallicalloy Robert, click the link. The whole story is fleshed out in detail. 
Great column MT EJDionne Dems can't shirk on defending government's role in expanding middle class opportunities 
At this point, those wedded to the idea that Obamacare is a "failure" simply have their heads in the sand 
Only4RM Thanks for noticing! I was afraid it might be too subtle. 
Remember when John McCain used to support the Cuba policy he condemned yesterday? I do 
SamWangPhD Ah, yes, it's tough to keep up. One week he's too tough, the next too weak. He's a pushover, he's a tyrant. It's so confusing... 
Remember the lazy chatter about Obama being a disengaged "bystander" who "refuses to lead"? 
The more Rubio condemns Obama's Cuba policy, the less sense his arguments make 
MarcelChastain Great catch, Marcel. Thanks for the heads-up. 
ryanmiddleton Sure thing, Ryan. 
GOP spent much of 2014 celebrating Putin as a bold leader amp; strategic mastermind. Oops. 
Incoming House Budget Committee chair: time for the GOP to launch another debt-ceiling crisis 
Hearing the full audio clip, Scalia's pro-torture argument is a little worse than I'd feared 
sikhtoons My pleasure. Keep up the good work. 
Cheney's repulsive MTP comments matter: GOP still sees him as a leading voice on natl security 
If the AP's report is accurate, Scalia's take on torture is pretty outrageous, even for him 
macmapman Great catch. Thanks for the heads-up. 
kdrum dan_jsmith5551 Wait, wouldn't this require me to read his column, too? It's a big ask, but I'll see what I can do. 
Perfect RT sahilkapur I asked a Republican congressman what's going to happen. He said he had no idea and started asking me what I knew. 
1. Boehner makes a plan, seeks GOP support 2. Boehner seem confident 3. Boehner scrambles when GOP balks  
naurthon I did look, but apparently I considered the text in context. Nevertheless, I've updated the post accordingly. 
Christie scraps no-nonsense reputation, afraid to offer his take on torture, immigration, Eric Garner, Syria.... 
crossG2V It's fixed. Thanks. 
maureenfox It's fixed. Thanks. 
BigBennyFL Thanks for flagging that. It's fixed. 
Asked if he's smart enough, Rick Perry replied, "Running for the presidency's not an IQ test" 
A big show MT maddow The big banks thing slipped into the funding bill might stop the whole thing. SenWarren live w/me on MSNBC 9PM ET 
Peter King (R-NY) says tortured detainees didn't suffer "lasting injuries." Does death count as a "lasting injury"? 
No one wants to hear this, but deep cuts to the IRS budget - a key part of the "cromnibus" - are a horrible idea 
Soft bigotry, low expectations: we're so relieved when Congress stumbles onto a solution to keep the govt lights on 
Despite the fastest deficit reduction since WWII, most Americans still believe the opposite 
lorrainebaldwin jkarsh And Bill Ayers. Though I generally forget who he is and why he's supposed to matter, let's never forget Bill Ayers. 
jkarsh Which, with a little effort, can probably be connected to Gruber, too. And Lois Lerner. And maybe Solyndra. 
We can focus on Gruber-mania theatrics or we can focus on whether or not Obamacare is working 
McCain's remarks on torture report were the senator at his most eloquent 
Mitch McConnell is prepping a pointless ACA repeal vote - because Republicans feel entitled to it  
A month ago today, Obama was the lamest of lame ducks. Reminder: a lot can happen in a month 
Following a great jobs report, this is literally the only reference to "jobs" on the Fox News homepage right now. 
One more chart: more jobs have been created in 2014 than any year of the Bush/Cheney era 
Go ahead, congressional Republicans. Ask "Where are the jobs?" today. I dare you 
I'm deeply relieved that ezraklein doesn't know what a "vertically integrated digital media company" is, either 
RNC's Priebus: Obama has "worst record of any president" when it comes to natl debt. Um, no 
House Republicans have held 3 big immigration votes this Congress. They have one ugly, common thread 
Ben Carson sees modern American life as comparable to Nazi Germany - but he doesn't want us to dwell on the Nazi part 
It's just amazing that Rand Paul blamed Eric Garner's death on cigarette taxes Disqualifying? 
+1 MT ThePlumLineGS Good brianbeutler take on McConnell's frank suggestion that SCOTUS will gut ACA where Rs failed 
Ever get the feeling counseling techniques have replaced governing in Congress? Count this week's "vent" references 
Number of Republicans - on amp; off the Hill - who want to block Obama's State of the Union address steadily increases 
Ted Cruz is huddling with House GOPers this morning. For those hoping to avoid a shutdown, that's not good news 
Absolutely right RT CitizenCohn Why conservative judges should be embarrassed by the King lawsuit - by brianbeutler 
As Russia flails, still waiting for GOP to explain why it spent the year halling Putin as a strategic mastermind 
2011: "Obama raises gas prices on purpose!" 2012: "Obama will create $10/gallon" 2014: Some will soon see sub- $2 gas 
Last month crystallized the efficacy Mitch McConnell's grand plan: it was a strategic success amp; a policy failure 
crossG2V That's true, and it's a good point, though those rebates are also in jeopardy The outcome remains unclear. 
Did Chris Christie really argue that Obama's partly to blame for Ferguson? Yep. His whole pitch is bizarre 
A week later, Coburn's "the country's going to go nuts" prediction on immigration looks shaky Polls look good for WH 
Seconded RT ezraklein This is an excellent piece by mattyglesias on  and America's gun culture: 
NeilB4Zod 2016 is awfully tricky; parties very rarely win 3 in a row. Bottom line for me: Ginsburg is making a scary gamble. 
jonathanchait Oddly enough, Lowry isn't the only conservative pushing the "don't let Obama deliver a SOTU" idea 
NeilB4Zod Maybe, maybe not. But when compared to the kind of justice a Republican POTUS would nominate.... 
Will the GOP let Obama deliver his State of the Union address? Keep an eye on the far-right pushback on this 
Riffing on a brianbeutler point, the right wants a debate about the importance of political norms? Sounds good to me 
GOP: Obamacare, federal regs, amp; taxes crushing economy. Reality: growth reaches 11-year high 
Wasn't that long ago MT CitizenCohn JohnJHarwood remembers when both parties acted in good faith to make laws work 
Smart MT jbview Boehner Betrays Congress: In the unlikely event lawsuit works, it would undermine his institution 
If anger were a legitimate substitute for public policy, Republicans would be in excellent shape 
Nanbp Done! 
Damn it, I was just about to write this MT ezraklein GOPs immigration policy needs to be more than anti-Obamaism: 
Have to say, as themes go, "We were strangers once, too" is powerful, memorable stuff - especially vs critics with no policy of their own 
Ted Cruz tells Obama about the importance of compromise in a constitutional system. Irony weeps quietly in a corner 
Natl NBC poll: Americans' top 5 policy priorities are Dem ideas ... to be rejected by newly elected GOP Congress 
Maybe it's time for a little political accountability on Ebola? Looking in your direction, Christie, Rand Paul, et al 
Question GOP is asking: can we get away with a shutdown? Question GOP should ask: will a shutdown actually help? 
Looking at the GOP's new committee chairs, it seems Republicans might have a diversity problem 
If you missed it, I found this chrislhayes segment on  to be powerful, compelling, amp; important 
Republicans amp; Beltway pundits lay the groundwork: if GOP flips out over immigration, this is all Obama's fault 
Great piece MT NormOrnstein ThePlumLineGS gives a fact-filled analysis of the immigration issue amp; exec power 
If GOP is convinced Obama is "lawless," why are they trying to pass a law to tie his hands on immigration? Wouldn't he just ignore it? 
Would Obama strike a deal w GOP over Keystone? Probably. Would Republicans agree to a compromise? Probably not 
Seconded RT jonathanchait CitizenCohn's exegesis on  has put the rest of us to shame. 
Republicans love Uber. Uber loves Obamacare. A break-up appears inevitable 
If exec actions on immigration are "impeachable," why did so many other modern presidents do it without incident? 
cc: those who think GOP will focus on governing MT aterkel Hatch says GOP will give Dems a taste of their own medicine in the next 2 yrs 
GOPer on Obama/immigration: "He will make the issue absolutely toxic for a decade." Does he remember the last decade? 
An informative week on health care: left focuses on ACA's new policy successes; right focuses on Gruber quote 
Krauthammer before the election: impeachment talk is misguided. Krauthammer now: let's talk about impeachment 
Bingo RT mattyglesias The truth is that its Obamacares opponents whove taken advantage of public ignorance: 
The Dept of Energy's "controversial" cleantech loan program turned a big profit. GOP complaints had it backwards 
A must-read MT jbouie Linda Greenhouse is profoundly dismayed by the Courts decision to take King v. Burwell. 
Hear hear MT EJDionne In a democratic republic, an activist Supreme Court has no business tossing ACA on a typo 
Strange thought: more work got done in Congress' 2010 lame-duck session than in the ensuing four years 
Yep, that sums it up RT nomoremister Old CW: "Obama won't lead!" New CW: "Obama won't lead in a direction I like!" 
Question for the "why won't Obama lead more?" pundits: time to concede the "bystander" talk was outrageously wrong? 
RIFSnobs You have good timing; I just finished writing this: 
Just so we're clear, the political world has decided to stop referring to Ebola as "Obama's Katrina," right? 
"Obamacare for the Internet," "Obamacare for education," "Obamacare for banks," amp; "Obamacare for energy markets"  
The debate over healthcare reform ended. We're now confronted with a political war - with collateral damage 
owillis You know, when even our allies can't be sure if we stand with them, global chaos ensues.... 
Seconded RT ThePlumLineGS Required reading: All of nicholas_bagley's posts on latest legal challenge to Obamacare: 
I've followed public affairs for a long time. I've never seen anything quite as dumb as the ACA case at the Sup Court 
GOP to Obama: Why aren't you honoring midterm results? Obama to GOP: From you, OK? I learned it by watching you! 
9 consecutive months of 200k new jobs - 1st time in 14 years - with higher taxes amp; Obamacare 
The best year for job creation since '99 amp; jobless rate is at 6-year low. Not too shabby 
Frequently overlooked detail: Boehner vowed to act on immigration in 2014 - then he broke his word Credibility counts 
EricaGrieder ThePlumLineGS The details of the law surrounding prosecutorial discretion matters, no? 
Let me get this straight: Obama acting on immigration "poisons the well." Boehner vowing more ACA repeal votes *doesn't* "poison the well"? 
Boehner/McConnell op-ed is a striking reminder: start lowering expectations now Progress, compromise remain unlikely 
Good point MT jbouie The only Democrat to come close to reassembling Obama's 2012 coalition is McAuliffe, by running a base-driven campaign 
GOP leader envisions "a 100-year majority." Recent history reminds us, hubris can be a funny thing... 
crossG2V Thanks, Emily, for the heads-up. 
Inhofe believes the Old Testament disproves climate change. He now gets to lead the Senate Environment Committee 
Parties that don't present an agenda can't claim a "mandate" - no matter how big their victories 
Remember all the post-2012 assumptions about what the GOP would have to do compete? They were 100 wrong 
He's demonstrably correct RT thehill BarackObama on  This is the worst Senate map for Dems since Ike 
Letterman: Gas under $3, unemployment under 6, stock market breaking records. "No wonder [Obama[ is so unpopular" 
The WH doesn't see 2014 as "a true national election." That may be self-serving, but it has the benefit of being true 
eigenseide Has anyone ever called you "Eagle-Eyed Barbara"? It'd be a good nickname, right? 
Forget low-information voters. Joni Ernst seems like a rare example of a low-information Senate candidate  
ManchInkLink Sure thing, Carol. I had no idea you'd captured the original footage. 
NH GOP chair on Dems: "Push their heads under the water over amp; over again until they cannot breathe anymore"  
Rand Paul is OK with voter-suppression schemes. He just doesn't want the GOP to talk about them Rhetoric gt; substance? 
Top Sunday show guests of 2014: Rogers, McCaul, McCain, Peter King, Kinzinger, Rand Paul, Priebus, Graham (all GOP white men)  
SteveKornacki Taniel If he can just get that lead to 20, he'll have one point for every pending criminal charge - a rare feat, indeed. 
Unlike 2010, the generic congressional ballot this year is clearly not a one-sided affair 
MarcelChastain Good catch, Marcel. Thanks for the heads-up. 
For all the "why won't Obama lead?" cliches from lazy pundits, Obama's  speech mattered 
If crises reveal a person's true character, recent tumult suggests Scott Brown has the spine of a marshmallow  
With the GOP pushing the "Obamacare for banks" talking point hard, it's worth appreciating just what that means 
Growth tops 3 in four of the last five quarters - 1st time since before Great Recession 
The House GOP's anti-Obama lawsuit has turned into quite a debacle Time for Boehner pick some other partisan stunt? 
So perfect RT JamesFallows This is brilliant RT hormiga: FoxNews knows who to praise and who to blame. 
Condi Rice is wowed by Joni Ernst's "understanding" of US role abroad. The WMD/Agenda 21 conspiracy theorist?  
Boehner's eager to exploit Obama-Netanyahu-chickens**t flap. Too bad the Speaker's whining is so painfully foolish 
How McConnell's spending his race's final week: responding to questions about his Social Security privatization plans 
Taking politics to juvenile depths RT kdrum Quote of the Day: Bush Would Have Punched Putin in the Nose 
TVietor08 We've come a long way from the point at which Republicans accused Obama of raising gas prices on purpose 
It was only a matter of time before Fox asked whether cheaper gas is bad news 
Boehner says Bush would have punched Putin "in the nose." Before or after looking into his eyes amp; seeing his soul? 
The RNC's closing message is up. It's always disappointing to see a party treat voters like easily terrified fools 
Maybe this was a typo? MT gretawire  is not a terrorist, she's a NURSE. She was treated like a criminal AND I BLAME BarackObama 
Detail to remember in stories about dropping gas prices: GOP spent yrs insisting that Obama raised prices on purpose 
Christie yesterday: "I absolutely have no second thoughts about" mandatory quarantine. Christie today: Um, about that... 
David Perdue demanded the US take a "hard right-hand turn." He later said this was "not a political statement"  
Here's to a speedy recovery for kdrum - one of the most thoughtful amp; brilliant people I know 
Someone at Fox News apparently didn't like my piece on Tom Cotton's ISIS ad. So let's add clarity to the debate: 
It's not just "voting mechanisms" - Christie wants Republican control over election officials amp; election rules, too 
craig_merriman Thanks for letting me know, Craig. Not sure what happened there. 
RichardGrenell Richard, give me a hint. When did I write this? I'm pretty good about remembering my own work; this doesn't ring a bell. 
At a certain point, we'll talk about whether Rand Paul's ridiculous Ebola fear-mongering is disqualifying, right? 
brianbeutler I was afraid it might be too subtle. Thanks for noticing! 
Joni Ernst's dilemma: remain silent amp; be thought a fool, or sit down with newspaper editors amp; remove all doubt  
If Tom Cotton's decision to disseminate ISIS propaganda doesn't count as "disqualifying," what does?  
After his suicide amp; bull-sex remarks, Rep. Don Young (R-AK) couldn't make things worse. Wait, actually he could 
boundangle Yep, that's in the piece, too (scroll down a bit) 
In the US, if we think our rights are violated, we turn to the courts. For Joni Ernst, we turn to the guns  
Christie's call for GOP control of "voting mechanisms" is one of the more amazing things he's ever said in public 
Seconded RT ThePlumLineGS Best wishes, kdrum. Get well soon. We need you back here right about now. 
Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska) decided to talk to students about suicide, "bull sex," amp; getting drunk. It didn't go well. 
Some leaders get tired of seeing people struggle. Others tire of hearing about their plight 
The Constitution doesn't guarantee Americans' right to vote. Maybe it's time to change that 
Maybe Krauthammer owes the president an apology? 
Americans needed the GOP to bring its A game to a serious public-health challenge. It's a real shame the party failed 
GOP before: Colin Powell for Ebola czar! GOP now: how dare Obama appoint an Ebola czar who isn't a scientist! 
Ted Cruz suggested Obama failed to nominate "a health professional" for Surgeon General. That's absurd, even for Cruz 
MannAtlanta Actually, no - i's a fun, brand new segment!  
My disembodied voice will make a rare, on-air appearance on msnbc's The Rachel Maddow Show tonight. Tune in; a good time will be had by all 
Sponsor of the Ebola-travel-ban bill was asked about flights between US and W Africa. It didn't go well (with video) 
russskinner Thanks, Russ, for catching this. It's fixed. 
Great piece MT irin I paid a visit to the HQ of Personhood USA, which is roiling elections across the country. 
Starting to think the Senate Homeland Security Committee isn't the ideal place for Ron Johnson's services 
Rand Paul's recent antics on Ebola offer a peek into what kind of policymaker he really is. The result isn't pretty 
RIFSnobs I'm afraid I'll have to dock your pay. It's the only way you'll learn.... 
Amazing to see Colbert "truthiness" thesis come to life: on Ebola response, what *feels* true trumps what *is* true 
macmapman Nice catch. I appreciate you letting me know about this. 
The *other* big debate moment last night: Cory Gardner faces brutal questioning on culture-war falsehoods  
ThatMatty_A LOLGOP That's not what this data references. It's about layoffs, not unemployment benefits. You're mixing up competing reports 
Ready for good economic news? Jobless claims have reached their lowest level in 14 yrs  
macsosguy Great catch, Sorbo. Thanks for letting me know. 
Bizarre RT thinkprogress The absolute weirdest thing to ever happen at a political debate just happened in Florida 
As annoying as "I'm not a scientist" is, it's marginally less foolish than Paul Ryan's forceful rejection of reality 
It's important to understand why Tom Cotton's rhetoric about student loans is dishonest - and kinda ridiculous  
Major developments for women in Texas RT irin Here's my story on tonight's breaking SCOTUS abortion news 
Exactly right RT brianbeutler The Media Is Ignoring McConnell's Obamacare Waffling Because They Don't Understand It 
Scott Walker doesn't think the minimum wage "serves a purpose." That'll leave a mark  
MissoulaEric Good catch, Eric. Note the update at the bottom: 
Cory Gardner voted to stop DOD from weighing security effects of climate crisis. So did 4 other likely GOP senators 
McConnell's healthcare gibberish carries real-world consequences. Grimes' 2012 vote is a shiny-but-irrelevant toy 
If the big story out of  debate is Grimes' 2012 vote amp; not McConnell policy gibberish on Kynect, it'll be journalistic malpractice. 
Good point MT brianbeutler Take another look  Tillis divide and conquer plan in light of 'welfare = reparations' 
Those hoping congressional GOP will suddenly become more moderate after it's rewarded with more power: Stop, 
kdrum xpostfactoid1 "Process" = "Related exclusively to electoral considerations, unrelated to policy." Right? 
Very persuasive take RT kdrum Election Rule  Process Gaffes Matter. Policy Gaffes Don't. 
crossG2V I think you're right! Thanks for letting me know. 
Thanks, G RT ThePlumLineGS Very interesting stevebenen take on questions raised by GOP midterm fearmongering: 
Major flaw in the GOP's "Politics of Fear": the party doesn't believe in governing, legislating, or the public sector 
Deficit shrinks by $1 trillion under Obama; deficit hawks remain surprisingly hard to please 
calbears96 Right. There's no evidence of ISIS at the border, though the congressman is claiming otherwise. 
Amazing to see GOP rep double down on his "ISIS terrorists captured at Mexican border" claim Still no shred of proof 
GOP rep claims 10 ISIS fighters were caught at the Southern border. Brazen dishonesty like this just isn't healthy 
In 2012, Romney promised he'd lower unemployment to 6 by the end of 2016. He must be really impressed w/ Obama now 
Oh my MT ThePlumLineGS Cotton claims ISIS terrorists collaborating with Mexican drug gangs to infiltrate Arkansas 
aterkel And then he fibbed about taking down the ad! 
billmon1 (6) Profit! Ironically, in this case, Boehner might actually believe his vague platitudes would create profit. 
Boehner's tweet was funny, but there's a serious point: there really is no GOP jobs agenda 
Looking past personalities amp; partisans, there are striking substantive problems with Panetta's anti-Obama complaints 
A sad pattern: jobless rate drops, conspiracy theories proliferate. Limbaugh sees 5.9 rate as "illegitimate" 
Atrios AdamSerwer Duncan, oddly enough, that could apply to both Twin Peaks and baseball. 
Remember when GOP condemned "czars" as an outrageous, impeachable offense? They've changed their minds 
Joni Ernst' over-the-top radicalism has to be the least-appreciated political story of the 2014 elections  
Stunning RT SimonMaloy Joni Ernst supported arresting federal officials who implement Obamacare. And she's winning. 
Obama didn't use his name, but POTUS's shot at Paul Ryan's tax policy was pretty striking (and ad libbed) yesterday 
When a party launches 5 rebranding campaigns in 4 years, it signals a lack of leadership, direction, amp; purpose 
Artist_Angie I've actually explained this many, many times. If you're interested: 
We're on track for the best year for job creation since 1999. Not too shabby 
As the unemployment rate drops to 6-yea low, charts like these start to look pretty good 
When Rand Paul says Ebola is "incredibly transmissible," note that he was a self-accredited ophthalmologist until '10 
It sometimes seems as if Republicans are trying to make the gender gap worse on purpose 
Seconded RT NormOrnstein Must-read by ThePlumLineGS on conservative governance on the ballot in November. 
An old lie makes a comeback: "Obama skipped intelligence briefings!" One of the dumbest attacks in recent memory 
Why isn't new security agreement between Afghanistan amp; US a bigger deal? Troop presence through "2024 and beyond" 
NeilB4Zod Star Trek gt; Senate 
NeilB4Zod Dammit, Jim, I'm a journalist, not a mathematician! 
After hinting at wartime mutiny last week, Rep. Doug Lamborn (R-CO) is now facing rebukes from his own GOP allies 
Obama's comments on ISIS amp; intel was true/obvious. Seems like a mistake for Beltway to see this as The Big New Gaffe 
On the minimum wage, what Mitch McConnell tells the Kochs amp; what he tells the media seems very different 
Cruz thinks it's "an abuse of power" to confirm an AG during the lame-duck. Important to understand why he's wrong 
If an Armed Services Comm member urged generals 'behind the scenes' to resign to undermine Obama, that's kinda crazy 
If the Koch brothers' AFP sent my cat voter-registration materials, I'd be confused, too 
EMC_Square2 MiamiLib If it's helpful, here's a link on that Boehner quote: 
Last time we saw quarterly GDP growth stronger than this was more than 8 years ago 
Era of post-truth politics: Tom Cotton, caught in a brazen lie, says he doesn't care amp; will keep repeating it  
SteveKornacki I was thinking about mid-Aug to mid-Sept, when Globe polls went from Coakly +8 to Baker +1 to Coakley +3 fairly quickly. 
SteveKornacki Have you noticed the wild swings/volatility of the Globe's weekly polling? Seems problematic. 
chrislhayes As best as I can tell, no. Neel Kashkari is arguably the closest (under GWB), but wasn't actually at cabinet level. 
I've long believed Holder's progressive accomplishments are underrated. An impressive legacy 
So absurd MT ThePlumLineGS Boehner now says there won't be war vote during lame duck; we must wait until NEXT YEAR: 
Parties that need ad campaigns to remind voters about their basic humanity probably have "branding" issues 
Holding presidents to high standards is good. Holding Obama to a different standard than his predecessors is not 
Trying to think of a GOP prediction about Obamacare that turned out to be correct. It's surprisingly difficult 
Boehner explains congressional inaction ISIS: it's up to exec branch to write bills for legislative branch  
If you missed Obama's remarks at the UN Climate summit, I posted the video. Worth your time 
Bad: Pat Roberts doesn't know what "national socialism" is. Also bad: he doesn't know what "socialism" means, either 
WillAtWork Well, so long as we're keeping it within the Marvel universe, then it's fine. 
"We're not going to solve this problem by creating an army of Marvel Avengers or the Guardians of the Galaxy" 
When it comes to ISIS, Ted Cruz amp; Scott Brown consider Mexico the nation's "foremost" priority. How bizarre 
With the US air campaign underway in Syria, how long will Congress sit on the sidelines? Seems unsustainable 
US air campaign in Syria underway, targeting 20 ISIS targets After POTUS speech, phase was a matter of when, not if 
Surprising to see Republicans - especially those in competitive races - turn to Donald Trump as a campaign asset 
GOP congressional candidate who's open to launching attacks - with lasers - at the border? He's a minister by trade 
Georgia's Nathan Deal thinks he can explain his state's high jobless rate: there's a conspiracy against GOP  
John McCain in June: "I do not envision a scenario where ground combat troops are on the ground" He changed his mind? 
Tom Cotton's big gamble: getting caught lying about the Farm Bill so close to the election is a huge risk  
Congress clears schedule, scraps pre-election work, ensuring record for legislative futility 
Winds of change on healthcare: vulnerable GOP governor campaigns on Obamacare benefits, successful implementation 
moonshadow4466 This chart is not about job creation; it's primarily focused on layoffs. Also, most new US jobs are full-time, not part-time 
Jobless claims haven't just improved - they're near their lowest point in 14 years 
Ever get the feeling that maybe Speaker Boehner just isn't fond of House Republicans? 
As Ukraine signs EU pact, I'm still waiting for Republicans to answer: still think Putin is a strategic mastermind? 
jamisonfoser Nice catch, Jamison. I think you're right! 
Jindal: Obama admin filled with "science deniers." Not sure why he'd pick this fight, but let's do some fact-checking 
It's surprising how common this cognitive dissonance is on the right 
Seconded MT ThePlumLineGS Great CitizenCohn catch. Politics of Ocare far more complex than pundits allow: 
The political process failed Debo Adegbile. Left with no options, he walked away He deserved better than what he got 
Stilll baffled by GOP congressman who compared his men-only policy discussion with a "lingerie shower" 
US Air Force told an atheist airman he must swear an oath to God - or be blocked from serving. Seems like a problem 
Georgia's top elections official expresses concern about Dems "registering all these minority voters." Ugh 
Border crisis was once seen as "Obama's Katrina," requiring far-right solutions. Not anymore 
McCain is convinced: ISIS is "planning" to infiltrate through Mexico. There's just no reason to take this seriously 
GrooveSDC Thanks so much, GrooveSDC, for the kind words. I really appreciate the support. 
Chair of the Homeland Security Committee connects ISIS amp; Benghazi under 1 big "threat" umbrella. That's not helpful 
When a member of Congress refers to the president as the "enemy," it's tough to see that as all right 
It's almost as if the GOP, sensing an election opportunity, is trying to further alienate Latino voters on purpose 
amandacarpenter Never suggested there's a "conspiracy." It's extremely rare, though, for a senator to huddle repeatedly with House members. 
sunnyright In reality, it's extremely unusual for a senator to strategize repeatedly with House members. 
amandacarpenter Wouldn't you agree that most of his "colleagues" are in the chamber in which he serves? Instead of the other? 
I've kept a running list of all of Ted Cruz's private meetings with House GOPers. The tally is surprisingly long 
grossdm ThePlumLineGS Note, Michigan has a GOP gov and GOP majorities in state House amp; state Senate. Peters' Senate race isn't easy. 
Bad: turning to Cheney for advice on natl security. Worse: turning to Cheney for advice on natl security repeatledy 
Yep MT ThePlumLineGS Rep on war/Obama: "We can denounce it if it goes bad amp; ask what took so long if it goes well" 
It'd be nice if Senate GOP would let us have an ambassador to Turkey right now A real scandal that's going unnoticed 
Several key GOPers think they've found a silver-bullet solution to their birth-control problem. They're mistaken 
Boehner's "at the table" claim on immigration is just brazen dishonesty If only he were capable of embarrassment... 
Tough to reconcile "Obama is weak on terror!" rhetoric with developments like the successful al Shabab strike 
mamaynard119 That's very nice of you to say, Michael. I appreciate the positive feedback. 
A serious governing party should be asking itself right now how it managed to get healthcare so spectacularly wrong 
GOP worked up about "hack," but the story's ridiculous Right raising alarm over nothing 
UpshotNYT Any chance we can get the 2009-to-2014 totals broken down by year? The aggregate is great, but I'm look for a year-by-year tally. 
ron_fournier rosierifka Second, dubious 10-year projections actually show manageable deficits going forward 
ron_fournier rosierifka 1st, highlighting unambiguous data isn't "cherrypicking." We really are seeing fastest deficit reduction since WW2 
It sure is MT ThePlumLineGS Mark Pryor up with *another* ad on health care. Yes, politics are shifting: 
Twitter's plan to ruin Twitter - on purpose - is completely inexplicable RT irin Terrible news 
Exclusive first look: Pryor doubles down on pro-ACA message in Arkansas 
The Senate news out of Kansas is a big deal: Here's some background explaining why: 
Seconded MT NormOrnstein Superb tomfriedman column dissecting the real set of intersecting conflicts in the ME 
NeilB4Zod Regrettably, that's a very good point! 
At what point do Rand Paul's loyal followers start to reconsider whether Rand Paul actually agrees with them? 
daveweigel Planned to extend my well wishes on the new gig, but I'm waiting for the results from Waukesha County. (Seriously, congrats!) 
Dear RNC: picking a fight over which party *really* supports equal pay for women probably isn't a good idea 
JGreenDC Fair enough, though I also quoted your last paragraph, which you did write! 
Seconded MT jbouie Great column from speechboy71 on the pundit summer of discontent with Obamas foreign policy 
Top 2014 Sunday show guests, in order: Rogers, McCaul, McCain, Peter King, Kinzinger, Netanyahu (all conservative white men)  
Timecr0ss Nice job on this, Timecr0ss. Thanks for the heads-up! 
What made Rep Peter King's tirade so unintentionally amusing? Calling Obama's suit inexcusable was only part of it 
Rubio's handiwork MT charles_gaba Florida GOP "Anti-Obamacare" site only enrolls 0.004 as many as HealthCareGov: 
We don't even wait for controversy anymore. We hear "we don't have a strategy yet"; we anticipate internalized GOP talking points; amp; react 
Huge RT ThePlumLineGS Another GOP governor yields to the inevitable as PA's Tom Corbett accepts Medicaid expansion: 
"Impeach Obama" chatter has died down, but many GOPers have spent August talking up the idea with constituents 
jarsthemule LOLGOP The more appropriate question is considering the fiscal-year calendar - and the '09 deficit the day Obama was sworn in. 
The incredible shrinking budget deficit in the Obama era - a well-kept secret for most of U.S. 
Fox host wishes Putin were "head of the United States ... for 48 hours." That's bizarre for all sorts of reasons 
KailiJoy And here I was thinking I might be the only one who knows this movie. You just made my whole day better.... 
Boehner gave me an excuse today to make a "Grosse Pointe Blank" reference. Too obscure? 
File this one away MT ThePlumLineGS Seminal moment: Video of Rubio, GOP's great Latino hope, scolding DREAMers 
When Crossroads GPS attacks Dems, it's routine. When it attacks Dems for *not being liberal enough* it's amazing 
Persuasive piece, Beltway "narrative" be damned RT kdrum Obama's Iraq Policy Has Been Pretty Masterly 
Remember, the GOP thinks "we're broke" - unless they want to undermine Obama (or launch strikes in the Middle East) 
GOP has no idea the US military completed 93 airstrikes in 2 weeks against ISIS New Syria-based litmus test emerging 
McCain: the "key decision" on Syria is in Obama's hands. But doesn't Congress, on a 5-week break, still exist? 
jbplainblog For me, second only to "Out of Gas." You? 
It used to be outrageous, if not criminal, for US officials to travel abroad amp; undermine US leaders. That's over now? 
Seconded RT resnikoff I'm in awe of my msnbc colleagues who've been reporting from Ferguson trymainelee iamsakuma zackroth aseitzwald 
ThePlumLineGS conncarroll burgessev House sponsors themselves say their bills intend to deport Dreamers, no? That was the point. 
Rand Paul backs plan to deport Dream Act kids? There's no flip-flopping out of this one The damage will be permanent 
Last month: "Obama's letting Ebola into the US thru Mexico." This month: "He's letting ISIS into the US thru Mexico" 
I generally find Bill Kristol inexplicable, but today he seems to have forgotten what "nothing" means 
Fascinating MT ThePlumLineGS In Arkansas, Sen Mark Pryor airs six-figure ad buy ... touting vote FOR Obamacare: 
gilmored85 I distinctly remember (and wrote about) pundits who said the same thing in 2010. Alas, they're still not embarrassed. 
Mitch McConnell's odd new pitch: a vote for the GOP is a vote for govt shutdowns amp; endless partisan confrontations 
The latest on Syria's chemical weapons hasn't gotten much attention, but it seems like a big win for US, Obama 
Head of Missouri GOP calls Ferguson voter-registration drive "disgusting," "inappropriate" What a bizarre perspective 
dianeHpark Not to me, though Asian Americans were not referenced in the Pew Research report. I can't chart data that doesn't exist. 
On  Americans' perceptions vary *dramatically* based on race amp; party. Imagine that 
Voter turnout in Ferguson:12. Registration drives underway at protests "12 turnout is an insult to your children" 
Boehner's anti-Obama rhetoric seems to be getting more caustic. "Apology tour"? Is the right still on this? 
Left in Aug: Perry indictment doesn't add up, should be denounced. Right in July: Halbig ruling doesn't add up, but let's embrace it anyway. 
orrinknox ThePlumLineGS I quoted her exact words at length Is this the entirety of the defense of Ernst's beliefs? 
orrinknox ThePlumLineGS Take a look at the piece, Orrin. I'd say it's pretty well substantiated, not just opinion 
After missing Jackson's press conference this afternoon, I thought the "jaywalking" chatter was a joke. It wasn't 
NeilB4Zod Good catch, Neil. Thanks for the heads-up. 
Peaceful gatherings overnight were a starting point, not a conclusion. They offer reason to be hopeful, not satisfied 
RalstonReports That's understandable, but it's not Twitter's fault. Tweets don't annoy people; tweeters annoy people. 
Damned if he does, damned if he doesn't RT igorbobic: And here come the 'Obama didn't express enough outrage' tweets. 
In Bush era, the GOP was a little too fond of creating fake news. Now, they're suddenly back "in the faux-news game" 
If they can't impeach Obama, the GOP wants to impeach someone, gosh darn it. Why not Holder? 
jamiemccarthy I didn't forget 
So glad SteveKornacki guest hosted last week; so glad maddow is back RT MaddowBlog Rachel is back tonight!  
Dear John McCain, initiating a debate on the merits of your Iraq predictions really isn't a good idea 
jamiemccarthy Fascinating. Misleading, but fascinating. I'll gladly dig into this tomorrow amp; I appreciate the heads-up. 
Odious Lindsey Graham argument: Obama's to blame for future terrorist attack unless he agrees with Lindsey Graham 
NeilB4Zod The second O'Keefe gets elected to the Senate.... 
NeilB4Zod As always, Neil, I appreciate the heads-up, though I try to avoid giving attention to provocateurs overly interested in attention 
Boehner's take on tax reform may be the most dishonest thing I've ever heard him say 
Why would the GOP balk at a resolution honoring Pope Francis? Maybe because he's "sounding like Obama" on economics 
EliStokols I intended no offense. I updated the piece to include your name, the station's name, amp; its call letters 
Is there an Obama Doctrine? Not really, and that's probably a good thing 
New ACA "victim" appears to benefit from health law Why can't GOP find real horror stories? 
Herman Cain's take on GOP divisions is ... actually correct Even a broken clock is right twice a day 
If you missed the NRA's "give guns to the blind" video before it was taken down, good news: it's still available 
Boehner used to say Congress "ought to be judged on how many laws we repeal." Now he has a worse excuse for failure 
BMKR92 Loki4Us Other than your use of the words "deception," "manipulated," "hand-picked," and "unrealistic," that's a good point. 
Great to see jobless claims drop this low Remember when under-300k seemed like a pipe dream? 
Terrific piece MT ThePlumLineGS Folks oversimplifying debate on exec action/deportations. What's really involved: 
Kansas' Sam Brownback is seeing his career unravel. His new tack - blaming Obama - is amusing, but wrong 
Did a Fox host really suggest Obama's to blame for an Army general being killed in Afghanistan yesterday? Pretty much 
GOP eventually has to decide: put the impeachment fire out or keep fanning the flames. Right now, they're doing both 
If Mitch McConnell can't defend his voting record on women's issues, maybe he shouldn't have cast those votes? 
Phrase Rand Paul seems incapable of saying: "I changed my mind amp; here's why" Consider his flip on US aid to Israel 
Yep RT CitizenCohn Obamacare foes kept saying 2015 premiums would "skyrocket." Looks like they were wrong. Again. 
Imagine fighting a recession with 1 arm while punching yourself in the face with the other arm 
Big win for reproductive rights RT irin Here's my story on the Alabama admitting privileges law being struck down 
What do the House GOP's jobs bills have to do with its border bill? They create a talking point, not solve a problem 
Rand Paul is the "most credible" presidential candidate in 170 years? No, but Mitch McConnell apparently thinks so 
Benghazi conspiracy theorists suffered another embarrassing setback over the weekend It's one of many setbacks 
Those Lois Lerner "a**holes" emails? They're a lot less scandalous than the GOP suggested 
Not sure the political world fully appreciates just how much time Ted Cruz spends with House GOP  
Amidst the other drama, Senate GOP threw a destructive tantrum, blocked key ambassadorial nominations Just shameful 
SPJ14228 That data is available online here: 
SPJ14228 I'm not sure what "the rest" refers to. This shows U.S. job creation since the start of the Great Recession. It's not arbitrary. 
Economy adds more than 200k jobs for 6th consecutive month - first time since 1997 
House Republicans were desperate to prove they're capable of being a governing party. They've proven the opposite 
Apologize for what? MT daveweigel Rand Paul says he wont do MSNBC again until its hacks amp; cranks apologize to him 
NeilB4Zod Thanks, Neil. I'm on the case. 
Obama to GOP, this morning: "Stop just hating all the time." GOP to Obama, 3 hours later: "We're suing you" 
Those aren't actual jobs bills MT SpeakerBoehner A  of House-passed  bills are  
Seconded RT ezraklein Really good post on how the Halbig language happened from ThePlumLineGS: 
If Paul Ryan genuinely believes Obama won't "faithfully discharge his duties," why does Congress show up for work? 
Always nice to see the economy bouncing back in a big way 
So true; there is no "debate" MT CitizenCohn It's a depressing commentary that JustinWolfers even has to write this 
craig_merriman Good catch, Craig. Thanks for the heads-up. 
Dems didn't start this MT TPM_dk Boehner on impeachment:"It's all a scam started by Democrats at the White House." 
Iowa's Ernst dabbles in nullification extremism. This isn't the usual D vs R fight; this is US law vs. looney tunes 
Great find MT CitizenCohn What did Congress intend when it wrote Obamacare? This 2010 email offers an important clue 
Striking image MT DKThomp In 70 yrs, there is no economic stat where GOP presidents beat Dems 
2 yrs after Romney, Boehner repeats the "Obama waived the work requirements in welfare" lie Genuinely shameful 
Listening to the new Majority Whip on the border crisis, I wondered if Chronic World Salad is a communicable disease 
As GOP blames Obama for Libyan violence, remember: US may be a superpower, but that doesn't give POTUS superpowers 
A GOP rep, during an "intensely awkward" hearing, assumed a US State Dept official is a foreigner. Amazing video: 
Ted Cruz sure does hang out with House Republicans a lot Far more influence in lower chamber than upper 
There's still nothing in American media quite so amazing as the wording of a Fox News poll 
brianbeutler Good point. The priciest provisions in the Senate bill are, of course, the privatization measures McCain demanded. 
Too often, congressional GOP talks a good game on veterans, but when push comes to shove, there's no follow through 
Today's must read RT NormOrnstein My new column on the existential battle for the soul of the GOP 
House Dems actually had some good ideas on improving the GOP's anti-Obama lawsuit. Too bad they weren't well received 
Boehner wants Obama to stop acting unilaterally - except for all the issues where he wants Obama to ignore Congress 
dliebelson Nicely done, Dana. Thanks for the heads-up. 
SimonMoyaSmith Thanks for flagging this, Simon. I've swapped out the images, replacing it with a better photo. I appreciate the heads-up. 
SimonMoyaSmith Do you mean the caption is incorrect? I'm happy to edit it if you have additional information. 
The last time initial jobless claims were this good, Great Recession hadn't even started yet 
Terrific column, EJ MT EJDionne Judicial sophistry shouldn't be an instrument of anti-democratic sabotage 
Well said MT brianbeutler Idea that Congress intentionally planted seeds of ACA's destruction is complete horseshit 
I know charts; charts are friends of mine. Ted Cruz, you're no chart maker 
StephenSchmitz Thanks, Stephen, for the heads-up on this. I appreciate it. 
"Every day that we delay, thousands more come across the border"? Actually, no. That's demonstrably wrong 
Parties may rely on trackers, but deliberate spying operations are unheard of - until the Michigan GOP came along 
Those who celebrate working families facing health care hardship: it's time for a long look in the mirror 
Would GOP judges destroy health security for millions of people over a drafting error? Seems insane, but here we are 
Ron Johnson's anti-Obamacare lawsuit - backed by Senate GOP - failed miserably. It's likely a sign of things to come 
Well said MT ThePlumLineGS Today is latest sign that GOP has sat out a major cultural transformation on gay rights: 
Both ed_kilgore amp; kdrum are entirely right about Tom Frank's piece on Obama 
A generation later, has the phrase "blame America first crowd" taken on a new meaning? 
NeilB4Zod I've embraced "Entire Green Lantern Corps on Skype with the Guardians" as my new band name. I'll go with EGLCOSWTG for short. 
DanMarriesKOLD Nice catch, Dan. Thanks for letting me know. 
After Soviets shot down Flight 007, Reagan wasn't woken, wanted to say on vacation, waited 4 days to comment  
chucktodd Happens to me all the time ... especially early on Monday mornings. 
chucktodd Agreed. Public awareness of global crises influences - perhaps even skews - perceptions greatly. 
chucktodd Sure, global media has a huge impact. But when you say the world is "more unstable," can you clarify? "More unstable" than what? 
Note for "The whole world is unraveling!" crowd: enough already. The argument is lazy amp; ahistorical 
Thanks, Ashe RT AsheSchow stevebenen of maddow blog has a great take on the context of the RepReneeEllmers quote: 
The wrong argument: Obama should be impeached, but Congress is too busy. Doing what, exactly? 
To say the Senate GOP's new contraception bill doesn't do anything isn't a joke - it *literally* doesn't do anything 
If Renee Ellmers' "bring it down to a woman's level" quote is legit, it's going to do real damage 
GOP keeps using that phrase, "blank check." I don't think it means what they think it means 
Must read MT ThePlumLineGS Moody's: If Congress punts on highway funds, it could scuttle "breakout year" for economy 
McCain: "greater turmoil" now than at "any time in my lifetime." He was born in '36 - before World War II amp; Cold War 
When governing muscles atrophy: post-policy GOP offers complaints, but nothing else, in response to border crisis 
Top Sunday show guests of 2014: Rogers (17), McCaul (13), McCain (9), Santorum (9), Kinzinger (9), Rand Paul (8) - all GOP men  
JOBoomr One small letter, one big difference, right? 
Ever get the feeling Mitch McConnell is just daring women in Kentucky to vote against him? 
House Dems think Darrell Issa is unnecessarily going on a "subpoena binge." They have a point 
Is there anyone in American politics capable of Karl Rove-level failures of self-awareness? In a league of his own 
missydaysardo carlokuhrt FrankLynchBkln SassyPantsjj They briefly had 60 votes. We talked about this an hour ago. Still not complicated. 
missydaysardo FrankLynchBkln carlokuhrt SassyPantsjj Passing Senate bills requires 60 votes. They didn't have 60 votes. Not complicated. 
missydaysardo FrankLynchBkln carlokuhrt SassyPantsjj msnbc Bossy, if you see an error - or bias -in that piece, please point it out. 
FrankLynchBkln carlokuhrt missydaysardo SassyPantsjj Here's the report Frank mentioned: 
Speaker Boehner faced a put-up-or-shut-up moment he'd created for himself - and he blew it Consider a Qamp;A 
Craig_RINV Good point, especially about conference. Odds are, the response would be, "We won't compromise with the Senate," as per usual. 
A little late for Mitch McConnell to back away from Paul Ryan's far-right budget - but he's clumsily trying anyway 
Remember when the right said Russia is "gaining prestige amp; influence" thanks to Putin? How's that working out now? 
Genuinely curious why more than half the Senate GOP opposed Julian Castro's HUD nomination. Just a reflexive anti-Obama attitude? 
RNC's Spicer: Supreme Court unanimously struck down Obama's exec orders 13 times. Reality: Spicer's off by 13 
Boehner says he's passed 40+ "jobs bills" which Dems ignored. True? Not really Has Boehner actually read his list? 
Border crisis: Obama offers a policy solution, but no photo-op. GOP wants a photo-op, but no policy solution 
mollywcummins We'll have to agree to disagree. I think political figures can discredit themselves through their records, rhetoric, amp; deeds. 
mollywcummins I'm not sure I follow. There are plenty of figures - in both parties, of both genders - who've discredited themselves, no? 
Who do you suppose likes Palin's impeachment tirade more, the RNC or DNC? I'd bet on the latter 
House GOP isn't just wasting time with another Benghazi committee; it's wasting $3.3 million Witch hunts aren't cheap 
DemFromCT Don't give them any ideas, Greg.... 
The only thing worse than the search for "Obama's Watergate"? The related search for "Obama's Katrina" 
Irony suffers a fatal blow RT SpeakerBoehner Democrats like to say they want to fix  but wheres their plan? They dont have one 
Joe Lieberman: Supreme Court acted 13 times, unanimously, to limit Obama's legal authority. True? Not even close 
Great piece MT EJDionne Progressives should reclaim our Constitution. It obliges us to battle oligarchy 
ZaidJilani ergodically We did a segment on Monday amp; have been off for the holiday weekend. Thanks for your interest 
A big story many will miss MT irin I know it's a holiday weekend but the female justices are basically in revolt 
Whose response to the job numbers was funnier: Fox News' or John Boehner's? I'm leaning toward the latter 
It's pretty impressive how far the unemployment rate has dropped in recent years 
If Bob Beauprez believes the "47" aren't paying enough taxes, how big a tax hike does he want to impose?  
Today offered an emphatic answer to the 'Where are the jobs?' question 
Greg Abbott: Texans should "drive around," asking businesses about their dangerous chemicals State govt won't help 
Takeaway from Quinnipiac poll: GOP voters love Reagan,hate Obama. Didn't we already know that? 
MattOrtega I ran out of characters, but so long as folks click on the link.... 
House GOP loses policy staff, hires "messaging" staff. Congress is literally investing more in PR, less in governing 
Christie: a "good leader" dodges questions about key controversies. Isn't this the polar opposite of good leadership? 
jamiemccarthy Excellent point, Jamie. I'll update the post to include this. Nice catch. 
The old, liberal version of political correctness beats the conservative version. The right's pc is kind of weird 
A shout out to irin for well-deserved praise. Her coverage on Hobby Lobby has been excellent amp; she's done yeoman's work all day. Kudos. 
Last year, Boehner vowed the GOP "will do our job" on immigration. It was a commitment the Speaker will not keep 
GOP doesn't see the election-year risk of endorsing the contraception ruling, but it should Dancing on a landmine... 
Karl Rove wants to debate which POTUS - Obama or Bush - pushed the envelope more on exec power. It's not a close call 
Twisted, scary stuff RT AdamSerwer So here's what the first day at the men's rights conference in Michigan was like 
This week's IRS//Grassley story wasn't true. So why are so many pretending otherwise? And where are the corrections? 
Immigration reform is dead. In this game of "Clue," it was Republicans, in the House, with their indifference 
DirigoBlue LePage, Cutler, Mitchell, Moody, and who? 
Still waiting for GOP, pundits to admit they were wrong about the whole "Putin's a strategic mastermind" argument 
Political paranoia goes too far: Fox's Keith Ablow "a little suspicious" of World Cup "distraction," Obama's support 
At presser condemning Obama for going around Congress, Boehner urged Obama to go around Congress GOP lawsuit = sham 
Terrific piece RT brianbeutler The infuriating illogic of GOP scandal politics, IRS edition 
mikeconrad1 In case it wasn't obvious, I was describing areas of possible Dem overlap with the USCOC, not the Dems' entire economic agenda. 
Trying to think of a bigger waste of time - and our money - than Boehner's anti-Obama lawsuit. Nothing comes to mind 
EJDionne You're very kind, E.J. Thanks so much for the support. 
The winning streak continues: AP: A federal judge has struck down Indiana's ban on gay marriage, calling it unconstitutional 
Yep  RT maddow "Ordinarily, the 'i' word only comes up in relation to actual presidential wrongdoing" 
The more Obama pursues a popular foreign policy, the more public disapproves of his foreign policy. Worth asking why 
Well said MT AdamSerwer Republicans are tired of Obama's executive overreach and long for Cheney's modest vision of the presidency. 
NeilB4Zod Note the update, towards the bottom: 
Hear, hear RT ezraklein Exciting day for policy nerds! citizencohns new policy blog is launching! 
DickeyFuller Mike Rogers of Michigan is the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. He's retiring to become a talk-radio show host. 
Top Sunday show guests so far in 2014: Rogers (15), McCaul (11), Kinzinger (9), Rand Paul (8), Santorum (8), McCain (7) - all Republicans 
Reality not dependent on Ryan's beliefs MT BuzzFeedAndrew Paul Ryan Tears Into IRS Boss For Lost Lerner Emails: "I Don't Believe You!" 
A year ago this week, the IRS "scandal" began to unravel into nothing. But here we are, still chasing a mirage 
After some tirades on faux "scandals" yesterday, Boehner was asked about key pending bills. "I have no idea," he said 
Never mind the other many GOP gov scandals - Christie, Brownback, et al - isn't Walker in the hottest water of 
baseballcrank I'm glad. But did you read the post? Does it matter that Petraeus, who was "good at his job," disagrees with his supporters? 
Question for conservatives who celebrate David Petraeus: doesn't he disagree with you on just about everything? 
Imagine that RT CitizenCohn Did Obamacare create more losers than winners? Survey says ... no! 
John McCain, reality notwithstanding, brags that he's always right about foreign policy A legend in his own mind 
NeilB4Zod Well, that is an unfortunate error isn't it.... 
Hard-to-miss pattern to the political world's erratic fascination with polls: bad news for Obama = interesting 
Nicely done MT ThePlumLineGS Explaining the deep policy/political conundrum on crisis of minors crossing border: 
rayk58 I prefer to think there were few negative comments because they were so persuaded by the weight of my argument! 
Question about the Cheneys' new op-ed: is the nation comfortable with a degree of political madness this severe? 
Point of RNC's giant orange squirrel seems unclear. Am I supposed to think Hillary will mess with my bird feeders? 
After just a few hours, there's already enough material for The Top 10 GOP Complaints About Abu Khattala's Capture 
Not sure how anyone will complain about Abu Khattala's capture. Seems like a clear, obvious win for U.S., right? 
Should those who got Iraq wrong in '03 wear a permanent scar? It depends - do they still think they were right? 
NeilB4Zod Got it. Swapping out the broken link now.... 
GOP's "I'm not a scientist" meme applies to climate, Iraq, evolution, amp; according to Rick Perry, reparative therapy 
saquin Take a look at the post It's not the left "bringing this silliness up"; it's GOP lawmakers in Congress 
Seems silly, but maybe it's time to ask GOP leaders whether they see POTUS impeachment as on the table or off? 
Feith taken seriously in Politico; Kristol amp; Wolfowitz welcome on the Sunday shows. Are our memories really so short? 
New Pew Research Center data on compromise must be discouraging to both-sides-always-to-blame / ron_fournier crowd 
charles_gaba HealthCareTara Just fixing that now, Charles. Thanks for flagging. 
Dweeze KillerMartinis Thanks, David, that's really nice of you to say. 
If there are US airstrikes in Iraq, then what? How does intervention improve political crisis amp; sectarian conflict? 
McCain's bad habit: leaving classified briefings, after receiving partial info, to complain about POTUS on camera 
Great piece; worth your time RT kdrum Living in the World That Fox News Built 
brianbeutler I'm actually surprised that didn't come up yesterday. I guess there's always the conference committee. 
brianbeutler No doubt, it's an expensive bill. But given all the rhetoric from pols on "doing whatever it takes for our veterans".... 
SaraRBennett Scotusblog says it's just these two 
Waiting for the major Supreme Court cases? Keep waiting - the justices released 2 rulings today, neither of which are big. Next day: Monday 
The Sanders/McCain veterans' aid package passed 93 to 3. What were the 3 opponents - all Republicans - thinking? 
On a busy news day, this was the important/overlooked one RT msnbc Senate Republicans block student loan refinancing 
Good to see a federal court strike down some of the Ohio GOP's voting-suppression policies Why scrap Sunday voting? 
adelach It's a good question, but at this point, it looks like Dems weren't too big a factor 
Stunning: (AP) House Majority Leader Eric Cantor loses GOP primary to tea party challenger Dave Brat in Va. 
numbdave jpf52 See the update at the bottom of the piece. 
AdamSerwer True. I used "re-engaged" to echo the DNI report, but it's admittedly imprecise. 
Didn't realize the gap between Bush amp; Obama on released Gitmo detainees was this significant 
Breathtaking. Worst response to date RT chrislhayes I can't even begin to process my rage at this clip. 
When red-state GOP candidates sound more like Obama than Cruz on healthcare, the debate has been transformed 
Anti-EPA congressman asked about manmade climate change. "Then why did the dinosaurs go extinct?" he replied. Huh? 
Trolling at a professional level RT jonathanchait This is some serious ron_fournier Obamacare trutherism 
Deciding which is worse: Virginia GOP's attempts at near-bribery or the consequences for 400k struggling Virginians 
YossiGestetner jmzzz Obviously. That's why I relied on averages and said "on track for." Just read the tweet: 
YossiGestetner jmzzz Jobs created per month in '06: 172,333. Jobs created per month so far in 2014: 213,666. Not getting ahead of myself. 
So far in 2014, the 5 most frequent Sunday show guests - Rogers, McCaul, Santorum, Kinzinger, McCain - are all Republicans  
The latest in a series of victories: AP: Federal judge strikes down Wisconsin's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional. 
thesfgresearch letat_lechat How come? Historical context matters, no? 
Congressional GOP's nasty habit: demanding info, then skipping briefings with the info Bergdahl, ACA, Benghazi, amp; NSA 
Overall, the new jobs chart looks pretty good. U.S. is on track for the best year since 1999 
Tom Coburn pulls a Bill Frist, makes a definitive medical diagnosis of Bowe Bergdahl after watching a brief video 
Burwell's HHS nomination was supposed to be a brutal "proxy war." She was confirmed with 78 votes. So what happened? 
EricBoehlert Well, some of us certainly will.... 
Didn't think GOP rhetoric on Bergdahl could get worse. Then I saw Rep Duncan Hunter equate Bergdahl amp; John Kerry 
Smart MT EJDionne  gets $3 back from DC for every $1 in taxes. Why pick the  over  
After 92-yr-old Ala. woman denied a ballot under voter-ID: "What purpose did turning her away from the polls serve?" 
Trying to think of someone less qualified than Oliver North to address the Bergdahl controversy. No one comes to mind 
Rand Paul says he's ready to use drone strikes against terrorist suspects abroad. Isn't that a new posture for him? 
BethEastwood Good catch, Elizabeth. Thanks. 
Counting John McCain's reversals on the merits of Bergdahl prisoner-swap. I think we're up to 4 or 5 times 
AllenHenry Nice catch, Allen. The typo has been corrected. 
JohnJHarwood ThePlumLineGS I think it's fair to say most major news orgs - and plenty of pundits - chose a different course last month 
JohnJHarwood True! But the detail was left out of the original reporting amp; it's unlikely get comparable coverage to the same poll from Apr 
New WaPo/ABC poll: Obama's approval up 5 pts in May - the biggest one-month jump in 3 yrs. This will get almost no attention whatsoever 
On climate, dispute isn't between Dems amp; GOP. It's between congressional GOP amp; everyone else 
JoshuaGreen joshtpm As someone who worked for washmonthly amp; theprospect I'd cast a vote for both. (How big is that alumni club?) 
I'll be eager to see how the "Why Doesn't Obama Lead More?" crowd responds to the new WH climate rules 
Questions may be legitimate, but couldn't GOP wait until tomorrow? Can we take 1 day to just be happy about Bergdahl? 
American Family Assoc: if you receive mail with a Harvey Milk stamp on the envelope, no matter what, don't open it 
Jan. 30: GOP vows to vote on conservative alternative to Obamacare. May 30: Um, about that vow... 
If Boehner doesn't feel "qualified" to evaluate experts' evidence, maybe a career in public service was a poor choice 
We've grown so used to Congress throwing $ at the Pentagon the military doesn't want or need, few even notice anymore 
RNC, Karl Rove, amp; Oregon's Monica Wehby have decided: the VA scandal is apparently the new political football  
On Memorial Day weekend, Richard Burr picked a bizarre fight with veterans' groups. Yesterday, he launched Round 2 
As of yesterday, 2 of congressional Republicans support marriage equality. Is incremental progress still progress? 
McConnell isn't just wrong on ACA. He looks like a rookie who doesn't understand the basics of public policy 
Orrin Hatch has a plan in case the Supreme Court rules against Hobby Lobby. Alas, the plan is unusually nutty 
daveweigel Wasn't Dewhurst the frontrunner for a U.S. Senate seat like two years ago? 
Still wondering what Richard Burr - 0 military experience - was thinking when he picked a fight with veterans' groups 
Why Gov. Rick Scott's (R-FL) answer on the climate crisis - "I'm not a scientist" - is a sad/unacceptable cop out 
Senator with no military experience picks unprovoked fight with veterans' groups, questioning their motives. Bad idea 
Kufat Got it. Thanks. 
Compare reactions: accidental leak of CIA official's name (2014) amp; deliberate leak of CIA official's name (2003) 
Basis for the year's biggest fight RT CitizenCohn Why Obama's new rules for coal power plants will be such a B.F.D. 
Mitch McConnell apparently doesn't think ACA exchanges are connected to the ACA. That doesn't make any sense 
Either Issa got confused by his own misguided leak or he's decided to start helping the White House. Can't tell which 
CapehartJ You bet, Jonathan. I enjoyed your piece on this. 
Right: being frustrated that Gitmo remains open. Wrong: blaming Obama instead of Congress, as we were reminded today 
2014 ads will write themselves MT ThePlumLineGS Steve King argues GOP position on immigration is his own. He's right 
deebers17 Just so you know, VFW, Disabled American Veterans, and Paralyzed Veterans of America oppose privatization of the VA, too. 
There's a new push underway on the right to privatize the VA. It's still a very bad idea 
JayAlanC CitizenCohn That'd probably make more sense if chronic problems in the VA system hadn't started decades ago. Unlike, say, Katrina 
When it comes to veterans' care, does GOP rhetoric match the Republicans' record? Not exactly 
For all the talk about a center-right nation, note how worried Republicans move to the left to try to get re-elected 
Pelosi appoints five Dems to GOP's Benghazi committee: Cummings (MD), Smith (WA), Schiff (CA), Sanchez (CA), Duckworth (IL) 
Seconded RT ThePlumLineGS Even if Ds can get David Barron confirmed, Justice Department should still release drone memos to public. 
I'm eager to hear from the GOP senators who rallied behind D'Souza, insisting his only crime was criticizing Obama 
Wasn't long ago SSM cases were gut-wrenching ordeals. Now every case seems to end with the same celebratory result 
Given the 15-to-1 advertising imbalance, it's amazing Obamacare is as popular as it is 
ENLIST Act would bolster the military, support immigrants, amp; honor US traditions. So why did Republicans kill it? 
Catching up on open tabs, just watched ezraklein interview with Geithner. Endlessly fascinating; worth your time 
Summer_Ash This is a real gem, Summer. I'll be putting it to good use tomorrow! 
allanbrauer Damn it! Look for an update on the post in just a couple of minutes.... 
If you take "10 to 30 million" literally, Operation American Spring was a success - more than 10 people showed up 
If the GOP hopes to avoid "the anti-science party" label, this really wasn't a good week 
Every time I think Scott Brown couldn't possibly get any worse as a Senate candidate, he turns the dial to 11 
Watching Capitol Hill dysfunction reach new depths: the Senate GOP filibustered tax breaks they support 
There's nothing in American media quite so amazing as the manipulative wording in a Fox News poll 
Great piece; I wish I'd written this one RT jonathanchait How Mitch McConnell hacked American politics 
The last time unemployment claims were this low, the Great Recession hadn't even started yet 
ABeckr Oddly enough, I think I first learned what the word meant for sure when someone described me that way in '08 
Bad: when Scott Brown killed good bills from inside the Senate. Worse: when he kills bills from outside the Senate 
Are there any countries John McCain *doesn't* want to send U.S. troops into? 
If Boehner sees "income inequality" as a "problem," doesn't that change the nature of the larger economic debate? 
AriBerman That's certainly a legitimate point. He's flubbed voter-ID - badly - but Rand Paul has made some positive moves on voting access. 
Voting-rights advocates who applauded Rand Paul on voter-ID should have waited for him to completely reverse course 
Is it just me or is there nothing quite as grating as conservatives infantilizing President Obama? 
It really is   RT chrislhayes This is a train wreck of incoherence 
To voting-rights advocates who praised Rand Paul's voter-ID comments, bad news: he's not really on your side 
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act was going to prove that Congress can still govern. It actually proved the opposite 
Remarkable to see just how fast amp; how much the deficit is shrinking. It's a well-kept secret 
What do voters think about health care reform? What you call it still makes all the difference 
Would you believe climate-denying Sen. Marco Rubio is a member of the Senate Science Committee? He is 
Odd: after obsessing over Benghazi amp; IRS, Republicans demand to know: why won't Democrats focus on jobs? 
Seeing the Monty Python witch scene from Holy Grail on The Rachel Maddow Show makes me so very happy 
As some who read amp; loved "I'd Rather We Got Casinos," I think this is great news RT thelarrywilmore 
stiNgo100 Aw, shucks.... 
House GOP today approved a tax break of $156b over 10 yrs. The deficit-cutting crowd didn't even try to pay for it 
Downpuppy I was thinking the latter, but you raise a good point: either works in this context. 
saquin Correct. I'm pretty sure he doesn't know what a witch hunt is. That's alarming, but that's what his comments suggest. 
Video: GOP Rep responds to Dem charges of Benghazi witch hunt: "Well that must mean there's a witch somewhere"  
imillhiser It's a fair point, though the nuances in changes to campaign-finance laws makes apples-to-apples comparisons tough. 
In 2014, Democrats aren't taking on a rival party; they're up against two: Republicans amp; AFP 
Wait, the world is watching developments in Nigeria with horror, and the right decided to go with ... blame Hillary? 
The only legitimate scandal in DC right now: how House Republicans are conducting themselves, chasing a mirage 
Slightly alarming: on Benghazi, Trey Gowdy doesn't seem to have the foggiest idea what he's talking about 
IRS "scandal" may be phony, but GOP got the headlines it wanted. At this point, nothing else seems to matter 
I'm trying to think of a GOP claim on Obamacare that turned out to be accurate. So far, coming up empty 
GOP fundraising is getting the latest Republican Benghazi investigation off to a truly ridiculous start 
Cheer up, Tea Party. You lost yesterday's battles, but by pushing the GOP to the far-right, you already won the war 
The "moderate" MT NormOrnstein NC Sen GOP Establishment candidate Thom Tillis makes Romney look like Mother Theresa 
Unsettling thought: imagine if Obama were president during the 1983 Beirut attacks that killed 241 Americans 
Remember the only POTUS to break the "six-year itch"? Remember what was happening at the time? 
If your state established an official state religion, Clarence Thomas believes that'd be permissible under 1st Anend. 
Fox's Benghazi coverage is beginning to make CNN's interest in Flight 370 appear timid amp; understated 
If you're an energy company arguing that oil spills might be good amp; have "positive effects," you're doing it wrong 
Must be frustrating for the right: after 5+ years, search for a legitimate White House scandal has produced bupkis 
There's ample reason to believe the Supreme Court made the wrong call on town-meeting prayers 
Wow, indeed RT CitizenCohn Wow - Gallup says proportion of uninsured adults down to 13.4, lowest since early 2008 
A compelling piece from tomfriedman on Obama admin amp; broader foreign polciy landscape Worth your time 
CitizenCohn Because the GOP has a bubble that keeps reality out amp; it occasionally needs to be reinforced? 
daveweigel I seem to recall something else going on in 2006 that voters cared about. Something about a war in Iraq, maybe? 
House committees that investigated Benghazi: 4. Senate committees: another 4. Boehner today: time for a new committee 
NeilB4Zod Ugh. Thanks for catching this. 
Heartening when the jobs chart looks good. Today was among the best jobs reports in years 
How Benghazi conspiracy theorists win: by convincing themselves that their alternate version of reality is superior 
I've long found it odd that the US government sets aside an official "National Day of Prayer" by congressional decree 
Did China pass US as world's  economy? No, but we should still talk about long-term growth 
Well, that amp; Benghazi MT ThePlumLineGS Immigration reform? No. Ocare alternative? No. UI? No. MIn wage hike? No. More Ocare hearings? Yes. 
It's one thing for GOP to mislead on ACA data; it's worse when they're lazy about it, treating Americans like fools 
As Russia enters a recession amp; investors flee Moscow, do Republicans still see Putin as a strategic super-genius? 
jamiemccarthy Ugh. Thanks for flagging this. 
Yep RT jonfavs Nails it RT mlcalderone: Clinton on political media's addiction to narrative: 
A phrase that comes up all the time RT jonathanchait Today's anti-Obamacare talking point was debunked 5 years ago 
AP report: Oklahoma halts execution after botching delivery of new drug combination; unknown if he died.  
He knew in his gut he hated Obamacare (and MSNBC). Then he got sick. Then he enrolled. Then the ACA saved his life 
Well said MT ThePlumLineGS GOP faces stark choice: accept immigration reform or remain party of mass deportations 
Voting-rights advocates are on quite a winning streak against voter-ID laws: Arkansas last week, Wisconsin this week 
jamiemccarthy Thanks, Jamie. Fixing that now.... 
Boehner amp; McMorris Rodgers are sorry they accidentally told the truth last week about healthcare amp; immigration 
Kerry's statement seems less like an apology amp; more like a passive-aggressive reaction to a manufactured controversy 
Amazing to see just how invested Christie's RGA has become in condemning criminal-defense work, 6th Amendment 
Half the House GOP leadership now concedes the ACA won't be repealed. And the repeal crusade ends with a whimper... 
With Rep. Grimm's (R-NY) indictment on the way, I wonder: is the House GOP's "zero tolerance" policy still in effect? 
Heartening to see RGA face pushback over attack ad on criminal-defense work Christie camp lawyer: ad is "a disgrace" 
Boehner 3 weeks ago: GOP "will continue to work to repeal" Obamacare. Boehner yesterday: repeal "isn't the answer" 
evanmcmurry 
evanmcmurry I've been wanting to publish the word for years. Quoting you made it easy.  
Congratulations, Sean Hannity, Rand Paul, Dean Heller, and Glenn Beck. You really know how to pick 'em.  
We've reached a truly remarkable moment: a Koch Bros group is attacking Obamacare for not being liberal enough 
yeselson True. But if there were a March Madness-style tournament, impeachment + nullification should make Missouri at least a  seed, no? 
Which legislature has the most radicalized GOP? By pushing impeachment, Missouri Republicans are making a strong case 
Seconded RT DannyVinik: This this this from NormOrnstein on the most enduring myth of the Obama presidency 
CFPB doesn't get enough credit for being one of the major breakthroughs for progressive governance in the Obama era 
GOP loathes ACA contraception policy. They're clearly against the US mainstream on this one 
A new standard emerges: lawyers with unpopular clients should expect to be smeared amp; disqualified from higher office 
BoschsPoodle theonlyadult I'm skeptical, though it's a legit concern. Given existing industry profits, it'd be a heckuva slow spiral, no? 
KarlFrisch You know, now that you mention it, that would explain a lot. 
In a way, it's an energy-policy breakthrough: the right finally cares enough about solar power to attack it 
Lamar Alexander sees the GOP as "the iPhone party." That's not a bad frame, I suppose, but I wish it made more sense 
adelach It looks like the piece is behind a paywall - I clicked the link amp; couldn't read it. Can you hum a few bars? 
bendreyfuss jesseberney mtredden For what it's worth, I updated the piece, hopefully clarifying matters 
Alas, they're in a dominant position in GOP politics right now MT CitizenCohn Another Obamacare truther! 
Is hormonal birth control available at "any shop on any street in America"? Cardinal Dolan seems to think so.  
It's not just contraception: Hobby Lobby's owner also has ambitions for Bible history classes in public schools 
Will GOP ever "move on" from its anti-ACA crusade? Below the surface, party is more divided on this than it appears 
BrettMReefer Just do the arithmetic. 1) Add up jobs each year from 1977 to 1989. 2) Compare against msnbc chart. It's not that complicated. 
BrettMReefer This is data both parties rely on, but if you have competing, independent data you prefer, please feel free to share it. 
BrettMReefer Brett, don't take my word for it. Get the data for 1977 to 1989 and see for yourself Facts are facts. 
BrettMReefer Under Carter: about 10 mil total US jobs created. Under Reagan: about 16 mil. Like it or not, that's just the reality. 
In light of today's ACA news, I made a chart - just in case Fox News wants to use it 
Remember 7.1 million? Forget it -- Obama just put new ACA enrollment totals at 8 million. Amazing. 
Cantor desperately wants to play the blame game on immigration. The trouble is, he's not playing it especially well 
AP article making the rounds: "Democrats have outside money advantage - for now." Problem: that's not quite true 
RustinLoyd Agreed. I emphasized that very point in the seventh paragraph: 
DanielHC31985 markos The two were almost exactly tied: 3.61 mil for JFK; 3.58 for Ike 
eigenseide One little word, one big difference. Thanks. 
Rand Paul: "When is the last time we created millions of jobs? It was under Reagan." Um, no 
theglipper What's that saying about great minds? 
Reading Rumsfeld's irritated letter to the IRS today, I found it hard not to think of Abe Simpson. Just me? 
Most who earn under $30k don't vote; most who make over $30k do. Imagine if that were reversed 
Unsustainable MT ThePlumLineGS GOP Sen candidates equivocating on Medicaid exp or repeal: Tom Cotton; Thom Tillis; Terri Land; Scott Brown 
chrislhayes Plus the overlap between Bundy defenders and those who see Obama as a tyrant over not-so-strict adherence to ACA deadlines 
I can only imagine how frustrating it must to be an Obamacare opponent right now All of the news is good news 
Heartening ACA story: Arkansas free clinic closes its doors after its previously uninsured clients get covered 
ABeckr Were you stuck in traffic at the time? (Thanks; I'll show myself out...) 
In March, Romney, Cheney amp; others said US "esteem around the world has fallen." New data shows they were wrong 
Boehner seems alarmingly confused about the basics of jobless aid. Maybe I can lend a hand? 
AaronmK Good catch, Aaron. Va. and La. apparently aren't the same thing. 
For Louisiana GOP, extra-marital kiss (McAllister) is worse than extra-marital hookers (Vitter). I think I know why 
Sebelius helped bring access to affordable medical care to 10 million Americans. Maybe someone can remind me: what'd her critics do? 
Obama: this is the "least productive Congress in modern history." True? Consider a chart 
The GOP's preoccupation with naming stuff after Reagan is getting a little out of hand Next stop, Planet Reagan 
eigenseide I'll confess that after dong this for a long while, it takes quite a bit to cause head explosions. Tend to just laugh at DeMint. 
"Can presidents still do big things?" is the wrong question With a responsible Congress, yes. With this Congress, no 
In what universe is it "condescending" to take steps to prevent wage discrimination against women? 
Boehner fibbing about immigration is 1 thing but couldn't he put a little more effort into it? Laziness is unbecoming 
RNC says Dems didn't pursue Paycheck Fairness Act when they were in the majority. That's the opposite of the truth 
Sign of the times RT ThePlumLineGS Republicans agree to small fix to Obamacare; mass outrage ensues: 
2016ers "courting" Rumsfeld; Cheney advising lawmakers; Rice lecturing on war "weariness" Haven't they done enough? 
The latest evidence on whether Obamacare is working is in. Spoiler alert: Peggy Noonan is likely to be disappointed 
Congrats to Ezra on the big launch. Site looks amazing RT ezraklein Clear eyes full hearts explain the news: 
A_H_Goldstein McCain's off to a slow start this year -- he's in 7th place with 4 appearances over 14 weeks. He still has time to catch up! 
The Great 2014 Sunday Show Race: Mike Rogers (R) leads with 10 appearances over 14 weeks, Mike McCaul (R) second with 8. Dems far behind. 
Cantor on jobless aid: "It doesn't create any jobs." Reality on jobless aid: "It creates 200,000 jobs in 2014 alone" 
brianbeutler With blinding speed, no less.... 
brianbeutler What do you say, one more hcr piece at Salon before you wrap things up? (Conversely, send me a quote - I'll publish it!) 
Seems important MT markos Ryan wants to take away insurance from the under 26ers still on their parents' insurance: 
A rare sight: politician declares, "I've flip-flopped on a big issue," only to be told, "Actually, you didn't"  
With the new job numbers looking pretty solid how long until the right says there's a conspiracy to cook the books? 
Scott Walker's voting changes in Wisconsin last week were pretty offensive. This week added insult to injruy 
dliebelson That's a great piece, Dana. Thanks for the heads-up. 
caraquilts I suppose we all have our verbal ticks, right? (The appropriate response to the question, of course, is, "Quite right.") 
Republicans have made a whole lot of predictions during the Obama era. Can't think of any that turned out to be true 
In debate over Paycheck Fairness Act, Lamar Alexander wants to know: what's in it for men? Is a just society enough? 
Stuck in a box: GOP hates the increasingly successful ACA, full repeal is unpopular, and there's no alternative plan 
swedishbriefs There's still some unreported data pending, but between exchanges amp; Medicaid, we're well over 11 million. 
Obama: 7.1 million ACA enrollment through exchanges. (I haven't seen POTUS and VPOTUS look this happy since Election night 2012) 
Who's more excited about Ryan's budget plan? Dems (who want to run against it) or GOP (who may run from it)? 
Yep MT ThePlumLineGS Repeal = not a winner. New ad from Crossroads says NC GOP Sen candidate would "replace Ocare": 
AlexKoppelman It's still early in the morning, but I think this tops Preibus in the "lame April Fool's Day" contest 
Conservatives: stop seeing Americans getting health insurance as an upsetting political setback. It's unseemly 
Fascinating piece; worth your time RT ezraklein Most of us are getting our internet on the wrong wire: 
The infamous Fox chart is hilarious, but remember: Fox had to fiddle with the axes because the ACA news is quite good 
Right's response to ACA enrollment totals reminiscent of 2012 election: resistance to facts, followed by total shock 
Total  of Sundays so far this year: 13. Sundays with Rep Mike Rogers (R-MI) on a morning talk show: 9. It's exceeding even McCain levels 
eigenseide Ugh. Your eagle eyes save the day again.... 
"Where would I be without Obamacare?" the woman asked "Probably dead... I have to thank Obamacare for saving my life" 
Of course, punditry doesn't have to be that awful RT jbouie Exhibit A in why folks think pundits are useless. 
A modest suggestion for Condoleezza Rice: stop talking up war and go enjoy some quiet time 
TRexstasy Thanks, David, for the heads-up. I appreciate it. 
As part of Christie's p.r. offensive, note the not-so-subtle subtext: the governor sees himself as a victim 
In theory, House GOP's taking a big election-year risk killing a bipartisan jobless-aid bill. They're doing it anyway 
Last fall, Republicans laughed at ACA enrollment totals. Today, they're probably not laughing anymore 
Rand Paul wants credit for proposed NSA reforms. In related news, roosters want credit for sunrises 
GOP's election-year line - bosses can block workers' contraception access based on religion - is a political landmine 
Oh my MT CitizenCohn Hard to overstate basic policy ignorance on display from MI GOP Senate campaign here 
Smart amp; worth your time RT AdamSerwer Interesting piece on ACA metrics and how to tell if the law is succeeding 
Asking whether NateSilver538 or dscc is "right" is about 2014 the wrong question Conditions change. So do forecasts 
Romney thinks Obama's driving down US reputation abroad. He's wrong - and he's lashing out at the wrong president 
Beautifully done RT igorvolsky Blow By Blow: A comprehensive timeline of the GOP's 4-year battle to kill Obamacare. 
m_silverberg Duly noted, Melissa Thanks for flagging your report on this; I appreciate it 
Seen the RNC's awkward ads targeting millennials? After watching them, it's hard to imagine Dems feeling nervous 
Hauskalainen They're there, but off center. Try starting here: 
Wisconsin GOP abandons subtlety, imposes pointless new voting restrictions "I am not willing to defend them anymore" 
David Vitter goes a little over the top: "God bless the Koch brothers. They're fighting for our freedoms" 
AllenWeh Duly noted. 
Those excited by the "O-Care premiums to skyrocket" piece should lower expectations Headline doesn't match reporting 
Great piece RT jbouie adamserwer on the ugly origins of Roberts Voting Rights Act decision is a must read. 
Every time Republicans push the "Joe McCarthy was right" line, it's creepy Shouldn't we be past this by now? 
Exactly 1 year later, was the RNC's autopsy a flop? Yes. Will that matter in the 2014 midterms? Probably not 
Dear billionaires: please stop talking about Nazis While you're at it, please stop seeing yourselves as victims 
Wow RT chrislhayes This is one of those "one graph that explains everything" kinds of posts that actually delivers 
Another threshold MT WhiteHouse More than 5 million Americans have signed up for private health plans through   
When it came to Phil Robertson, Gov Bobby Jindal was a champion of free speech. With MoveOn, not so much 
IanSaidWhat To avoid the auto-playing video, switch bookmarks to this alternative: Thanks for the support 
Surprising new GOP argument: extended jobless benefits are no longer necessary - unemployment rate already low enough 
If come at a Canadian healthcare expert, you best not miss The video of Sen Richard Burr (R-NC) is just brutal 
i8dc Thanks, Davis, for flagging this. 
I'm a little surprised the "Team Christie misused 9/11 relics" story isn't a bigger deal. Seems awfully sleazy 
Eric Cantor still clings to the notion that Obama "gutted welfare reform." That's demonstrably ridiculous 
Yesterday was one of those days in which the House GOP almost seemed to be pushing away Latino voters on purpose 
Consider every congressional special election since 2005. What do we learn about their predictive value? 
ACA opponents gambled on one specific "Obamacare victim" - who'll pay much less for better coverage  
If 30-year incumbent Mitch McConnell is the "candidate of change," I'm the heavyweight champion of the world 
jbplainblog Fair enough. Desperation certainly matters. 
Evolution of GOP talking points: (1) shutdown is a good idea; (2) shutdown was Dems' fault; (3) there was no shutdown 
Striking RT ThePlumLineGS You'll want to see this one. This chart shows Latino share of vote in 2016 in swing states 
4 years after "chickens for check-ups," Bobby Jindal sees "healthcare for handshakes" as a viable model. He's wrong 
Dear Paul Ryan, if you take away a poor kid's school-lunch program - this is important - he'll still be poor 
Csoar2004 Got it. Thanks for the heads-up on this. 
John McCain often does a wicked good imitation of John McCain MT TIME: McCain tells TIME, "We are all Ukrainians" 
Me, too RT MikeGrunwald I'm going to have to agree. RT hiltzikm Once again: Yes, the stimulus worked.  
Darn it, I wanted to write this RT ThePlumLineGS Bleeding heart Republicans want health care reform. Really, they do 
Boehner: Obama to "pack it in for the year" amp; "wait for the election." This caused a rift in the space-time continuum 
Did Senate Republicans really derail a bipartisan veterans' bill over Iran sanctions? Yep, pretty much 
Old fight: let's debate whether to raise minimum wage. New fight: let's debate whether minimum wage should exist 
Pinetree_Girl Given recent developments, I think it's fair to say Democrats aren't the ones standing in the way 
"Creates problems it purports to solve" RT chrislhayes Brewer announces she's vetoed SB 1062 
NeilB4Zod Also try this one The 2nd half is the relevant part 
"Today's decision is not made in defiance of the great people of Texas ... but in compliance with the Constitution" 
To save rural hospitals, Georgia's Nathan Deal could accept Medicaid expansion. He'd rather restrict access to ERs 
The IRS 'scandal' was discredited months ago. So why is the House GOP spending $14 million (and counting) on it? 
JSDenton6847 To avoid the auto-loaded video, change your bookmark to this link: I'm still working on other changes 
Great piece. GOP often forgets that governing is hard RT CitizenCohn The reality Obamacare's critics never confront 
KarenOcamb Give this one a try It works on my end; let me know if the problem persists on your end 
Dick Cheney: Pentagon cuts would be 'dangerous' amp; 'devastating.' I'm afraid he may not know what he's talking about 
RT AdamSerwer Sanctioning anti-LGBT discrimination, passing voting restrictions, blocking immigration reform. GOP outreach is going well. 
Obama's detractors can say he's a lawless tyrant or a meek pushover. Problem is when they argue both at the same time 
The culture war landscape in 2014: God, guns, gays ... and Girl Scouts? 
NeilB4Zod I'm working on it. In the meantime, update your bookmark with this url which has a separate video player 
When far-right fringe touts silly conspiracy theories, it's bad. When GOP senators believe them, it's worse 
Ever get the feeling McCain publicly condemns Obama on foreign policy just for the sake of public condemnations? 
In NC, McCrory's top environmental official thinks fossil fuels may be infinite, renewable resource He's not kidding 
AFP's latest "Obamacare victim" doesn't seem like a victim at all Shouldn't be this hard to find legit anecdotes 
Obama dropping chained CPI is an exceedingly smart move GOP just wouldn't take "yes" for an answer 
What a great hire for the Wash Post MT AlyssaRosenberg After three amazing years at thinkprogress, I'm joining the washingtonpost 
Mansfield2016 Good point. Thanks for flagging this; I've updated yesterday's piece. 
Not following the McCrory admin/Duke Energy controversy in NC? Time to start New round of subpoenas issued yesterday 
Good piece MT ThePlumLineGS GOP candidate admits repeal alone is untenable, Rs must signal desire to solve problems 
ThePlumLineGS Theres just no discernable intellectual integrity to Republican talking points on CBO reports 
jarrodmyrick I actually published a piece on this back in August, If you're interested: 
If CBO said higher min wage would cause hiring surge, would GOP change its mind? Or is CBO data only relevant when it reinforces beliefs? 
An inspirational message, to be sure MT EJDionne "Vote GOP 2014: We only shut down the government once, not twice. 
dannyboi965 Well played, Daniel. Well played. 
"We don't have 218 votes for the big issues" is wrong. On key priorities, US House lacks political will, not votes 
Johngcole Well, there was another prominent host who covered it last week amp; week before! amp; 
GOP wants to debate today whether the Recovery Act worked. It's a debate they will lose (now with pretty charts) 
Good idea: holding pres to a high standard. Bad idea: holding Obama to new standards never applied to predecessors 
Karl Rove hates it when a Pres leaves high deficits, a weak economy amp; a messy Middle East for a successor to clean up 
RT ThePlumLineGS Ds don't expect Rs to sign a discharge petition on immigration. Real strategy is more complicated: 
How can we miss Mitt Romney if he won't go away? 
KenMitnick Yep, I am. Here's this morning's item and I expect to have a follow-up in the morning. 
Smart RT ThePlumLineGS Ds will try to get Medicaid expansion on ballot in Louisiana on Election Day 2014, I'm told 
Mitch McConnell has a serious algae problem Worse, his defense only works on those who cannot read, see, or hear 
VW plant workers in Tenn want a union. Plant owners on board. What's the problem? Corker, GOP desperate to intervene 
Krauthammer insists the ACA won't reduce the uninsured rate. He's plainly, demonstrably wrong 
Rand Paul's NSA lawsuit was supposed to be a big public-relations win for the senator. Oops 
Remember the "We're becoming Greece!" rhetoric? Waiting for apologies RT NYTimeskrugman Deficit on the Milk Carton 
ACA's recent progress isn't some remarkable fluke - the health care law was supposed to find its footing amp; now it is 
chrislhayes Note, when the GOPer refers to "the crazy ones" in his conference, the challenge is narrowing that down 
mikemccaffrey Of my last 30 posts, 29 haven't mentioned Christie. Most of last night's show wasn't NJ focused. I think you can "handle" it. 
The debt ceiling is a dangerous political weapon. Time for a debate on why it should continue to exist 
vedhed21 Nope, I'm entirely serious. Click the link -- I wouldn't/couldn't make this stuff up if I tried. 
W. Virginia's 1st big chemical spill was from 'Freedom Industries.' Today's chemical spill was from 'Patriot Coal' 
ASaltzberg Alas, I was behind on my NRO reading and didn't see that one until after I'd published. 
Conservatives' fondness for Vladimir Putin continues to be unnerving Former KGB official as new hero for the right? 
Lingering question: why the GOP picked a debt-ceiling fight knowing failure was inevitable 
Old GOP line: no debt-limit increase with spending cuts. New GOP line: no debt-limit increase without more spending 
"He asked me when there was nobody else in the race" is scraping the bottom of the endorsement barrel 
Remember when Pete King (R-NY) was apoplectic after the GOP blocked Sandy aid? He apparently didn't mean a word of it 
gavinesq Oops. I had Lugar on the brain! Thanks for the heads-up. 
SandyShin Yes, but the point is, why would they pass it at all if they expect the White House to ignore the legislation itself? 
Rand Paul's preoccupation with Clinton amp; the Lewinsky affair from 19 yrs ago is getting a little creepy 
Why do GOP voters say Obamacare has hurt them personally? Tribalism probably has a lot to do with it 
GOP on immigration: can't trust WH to enforce laws. Then why pass farm bill? Or approps? Why show up for work at all? 
Catching Christie in a pretty obvious contradiction over his bridge scandal Evolving stories are harder to believe 
NeilB4Zod I'm on it: 
JasonDetres I'm pretty sure I addressed this question in my published piece on the subject. Plenty of good examples 
Boehner wants to blame "trust issues" for the possible demise of immigration reform. Speaker may need a back-up plan 
vivianahurtado We had some tech trouble, Viviana, but the segment looked great amp; we'll have to connect again soon. 
New pitch from ACA critics: it's awful to make it easier for people to voluntarily leave the jobs they don't want 
jbouie And people routinely overlook his role in Galaxy Quest, where he stole pretty much every scene he was in. 
ElaheIzadi You know, I was just looking for that info. Thanks for reading my mind. 
Can't believe I'm saying this, but Clay Aiken's congressional launch video is, much to my surprise, remarkably good 
Question for the "Obama needs to lead more" pundits: isn't the he doing exactly what you suggested? 
Yesterday I learned that reality is nice, but what "matters politically" is how falsehoods might "look in attack ads" 
Obamacare critics spent the day touting a CBO report that offers nothing but good news for Obamacare supporters 
XLProfessor Now that's a headline that has the benefit of being true. Well said. 
amit_joshee That's nice of you to say, Amit. I'm glad I could help. 
Too much of the coverage of the CBO report is plainly wrong - it doesn't say Obamacare will cost economy 2 mil jobs 
OkieCaitlin Actually, yes! 
Paul Ryan sees Obama's presidency as "lawless" amp; "dangerous." If he's serious, why is Ryan laughing off impeachment? 
O'Reilly's WH interview was troubled, but one IRS question in particular was cover-your-eyes embarrassing 
jbouie There's a new episode scheduled for tomorrow night. 
Ouch: "Christie is now damaged goods. If Wildstein's disclosures are as powerful as he claims, the governor must go." 
As compared to 200k from UI extension... MT JoshuaGreen New Keystone report: pipeline would create 50 US jobs (35 permanent, 15 temporary). 
If ACA is so awful, who do its critics struggle to find legitimate horror stories? 
peterontheair Thanks for the heads-up on this, Peter. 
Good point MT ThePlumLineGS GOP has moved from self-deportation to legalization in less than 2 years. 
Increasingly, Obama's detractors either don't know or don't care about the basics of American history 
jbplainblog Not handy, but I'll see what I can do. In the meantime, is the exec orders chart the Catch of the Day? 
New chart ranks every modern president by use of executive orders. Care to guess where Obama ranks? 
Note, it's not a parody account RT mattyglesias  ladies and gentlemen, your House Republican caucus: 
ZerlinaMaxwell I'm convinced he doesn't get it because he doesn't want to. The alternative: maybe it's just too complicated for him? 
Wrong move - Rand Paul's still going after Bill Clinton, still wrong about what the war on women actually is 
Multiple SOTU responses are more than just an oddity - it's a reflection of the breakdown in GOP leadership, norms 
The phenomenon of bipartisan SOTU seating has largely gone away. For practical, not cynical, reasons, I'm glad 
Yep RT MaddowBlog Maddow to Kochs: 'It's our country too' - video: 
Blackburn wants to taunt Obama with Tennessee's "thriving economy." But Tenn has 1 of the highest jobless rates in US 
NeilB4Zod You know, Neil, I'm pretty sure you're one of the few people who noticed. 
Don't call it a comeback -- to the right's profound disappointment, the ACA has found its footing, right on schedule 
There is nothing quite so amazing in political journalism as the wording of the questions in a Fox News poll 
ThePoliticalHat KatrinaLimited Given your interest in the Huckabee story, you'll want to note the follow-up details 
2005: Huckabee requires insurers to cover contraception. 2014: Huckabee condemns Obama for doing what Huckabee did 
jasychic I sure do. One of them was 102 years old! 
ThePoliticalHat KatrinaLimited I posted both the text and a video of his remarks. That's not "distorting" his words; it's the opposite. 
Huckabee helps prove one thing: GOP training on how to talk about women really isn't going well 
chrislhayes And was then reluctant to tell anyone what the 2nd chemical is! 
Good. No new cosponsors in 2 weeks MT ThePlumLineGS News: Sens Murray amp; Warren come out against Iran sanctions bill: 
Nonpartisan commission: "No citizen should have to wait more than 30 minutes to vote." Will GOP officials disagree? 
kirstinalv That's a good point, Kirstin. I was thinking more "Republican rival" than "primary rival," but your point is well taken. 
ZerlinaMaxwell Believe me, I was surprised to see this, too! 
3 GOP govs elected in 2009. 1 indicted for corruption. 1 impeached for corruption. The other is Chris Christie 
Given Republicans' stance on abortion amp; healthcare, US aid to Israel causes unexpected consistency troubles for GOP 
ThePlumLineGS Is this the one you're looking for? It's not exact, but it's close 
Detail to keep in mind in Louisiana: David Vitter and Bobby Jindal openly "loathe each other" 
An Ohio woman said she "didn't want anything to do with" Obamacare. Now she sees it as "a godsend" for her family 
Bad defense: "The allegations are wrong because we don't like those journalists." Good defense: "The allegations are wrong amp; here's why." 
Did you hear about the religious right leader who wants to limit voting rights to property owners? He wasn't kidding 
Quite a story RT DafnaLinzer Read stevekornacki scoop on Christie, Sandy aid and Hoboken: 
Dear Rand Paul, try to avoid Jim Crow references. Sincerely, Steve 
Progress: Congress appears less likely to sabotage diplomatic talks with Iran anytime soon 
ethangach Sure, but where do House Republicans get these ideas? That was ultimately the point of my piece: the trajectory of the nonsense. 
ethangach Your point is well taken, but I'm looking at this as a journalistic exercise. Why is Congress approving dumb ideas? This is why. 
ethangach The goal would be to understand contemporary congressional policymaking from the GOP. Click the link to see what I mean. 
We can no longer focus on what is true; we must also consider what far-right media perceives as possibly true 
XLProfessor CitizenCohn At this point, no one's exactly sure what the amendments would be, though anti-hcr and anti-cir would be in mix 
JohnO0Connor Good catch, John. It's fixed now. Thanks. 
Inside GOP bubble, Obamacare's implosion is imminent. Outside the bubble, ACA is successfully becoming kinda normal 
3 US Senate committees; 4 US House committees, amp; Accountability Review Board agree: there was no Benghazi conspiracy 
Great piece RT brianbeutler "Are you stupid, or merely dishonest?" -federal judge to Obamacare haters, basically 
If you hear about a "bailout" for insurers, it's bogus MT EyeOnInsurance A new anti-ACA talking point emerges 
Team Christie rejects "conspiracy theories." Fine. But if there's an *actual* conspiracy, don't we need theories? 
KimLeekwan Note, the tweet was quoting a Republican voter. It was not in reference to me personally. Click: 
"I'm registered as a Republican but if they continue to [block jobless aid] I'm probably changing to Democrat" 
Note how Boehner hints at his cluelessness: he's "confident" regulations are in place to prevent crises like West Va 
Fox's latest jaw-dropper: Christie isn't a bully; he's just a "muscular" tough guy in a "feminized atmosphere" 
Summer_Ash Thanks, Summer! For me, the colander on his head sealed the deal -- it was just too perfect to pass up. 
ConchGunny There's a full list of all 28 listed here: Hope this helps. 
If you see the Christie scandal amp; your instinct is to say, "Isn't Obama awful?" my oh my are you doing it wrong 
Unexpected fact: job creation last year was better than 7 the 8 years Bush/Cheney was in office note the pretty chart 
Why did Team Christie retaliate against Fort Lee? If you haven't seen the alternative explanation, you need to 
Oh good, we've reached the point at which Christie isn't sure "what the meaning of 'traffic study' is." 
RNC's Priebus: Dems secretly want jobless aid to fail so they'll have a campaign issue Then why not pass it? 
Christie's new defense: he was ignorant about the misconduct of his top aides who lied to him  
If your defense of Chris Christie is "a traffic jam isn't a big deal," you're doing it wrong 
Christie before: scandal "just not that big a deal." Christie now: cancels only public event This'll only get worse 
rynodawg NowWithAlex To date, there is no evidence to support the "traffic study" claim. By all appearances, it was completely made up. 
When Christie said his office wasn't involved in the GWB bridge scandal, he was apparently lying - brazenly 
If GOP needs coaching on how to talk to Latinos, women, amp; unemployed, maybe problem runs deeper than word choice? 
Rand Paul wants your help in fighting "Big Brother." But first he'll need your name, email, credit-card number... 
50 yrs later, GOP wants to discuss their "war on poverty." Too bad their agenda is such a tragedy for those in need 
What's wrong with Rand Paul's prospective NSA lawsuit? It looks an awful lot like a ham-fisted fundraising scheme 
If you're hearing about the Satanists' monument at Okla Capitol for 1st time, there's an amusing backstory to this 
Agreed RT ezraklein Smart post on political polarization from ThePlumLineGS: 
Why can't we have nice things? The politics of paranoia really doesn't help 
Latest Supreme Court case on contraception is comically weak. Who claims a religious objection to mild paperwork? 
Cantor's  post-holiday priority: scaring healthcare consumers by tackling a problem that doesn't exist 
I'd love to know if Rand Paul saw the Marshall McLuhan scene in "Annie Hall" - and whether he appreciates the humor 
When GOP says 5 million people have been left behind w nothing due to ACA, they're exaggerating - by a factor of 500 
Nicely done RT ThePlumLineGS New post: The Three Stages of Obamacare Acceptance that Republicans will pass through: 
With each new revelation, Chris Christie's bridge controversy appears to grow more serious, not less 
A_H_Goldstein kdrum TPCarney Hmm, works OK for me. Try: 
A_H_Goldstein kdrum TPCarney This Media Matters item from '07 seems relevant Shift in WH party hasn't changed much 
In early Nov, GOP laughed at ACA enrollment data. With new figures out today, GOP no longer appears to be smiling 
Natl Journal thinks John Boehner had "the best year in Washington." Maybe it's referring to a different John Boehner? 
We're approaching the point at which science itself is broadly recognized as a Democratic issue, abandoned by the GOP 
MBCornfield I was pretty surprised McCain didn't come out on top, too! 
Intel committee member: NYT might be in on grand Benghazi conspiracy to boost Clinton Where does GOP find these guys? 
alisonrose711 And while we're at it, let's also note that of the top 13, all 13 are white. 
alisonrose711 And of the top 13, the only woman who made the list came in last! 
Only4RM Oddly enough, Issa only made 5 appearances this year. Not bad, but nowhere near the most. 
Who made the most Sunday show appearances in 2013? Hint: GOP dominated but it wasn't McCain (he came in 2nd) 
Jindal sees Phil Robertson's return as a win for "religious liberty." That's wrong - not what the 1st Amendment means 
Irony: the star of the Koch Bros' new attack ad really ought to love the Affordable Care Act 
Good piece RT ThePlumLineGS gzornick does a nice job on Americans for Prosperity's new anti-Obamacare ad: 
No, Rand Paul, extending unemployment benefits won't "weaken us as a country" 
ajperez56 elfsternberg OK, here's an alternative RSS for just my posts Let me know if this works any better 
elfsternberg For what it's worth, RSS is right here: Give us another shot? We're still doing some quality work... 
AJECHARLES Take a look at the story for some solid examples that bolster your point: 
Manchin: governing would improve if Obama cultivated more "personal relationships." I wish that were true. It's not 
HnstyNgov Sorry for the delayed reply. The clip you requested is online here: 
A funny chart that glows! RT maddow The final-update "bills passed by congress" chart is laugh-out-loud funny: 
If Paul Ryan is the new GOP's anti-poverty crusader, struggling families should be terrified 
Why news orgs fall for the con is a mystery to me RT billburton Issa's omissions feel increasingly pathetic 
Just how laughably unproductive is this current Congress? I have a doozy of a chart for you 
narakilday17 Just to clarify, I'm not changing sites; jbplainblog is. My RSS is still here: 
I'll never understand why reporters don't hang up when Issa calls, offering a scoop based on a partial transcript 
Great gig for 1 of the best in the biz RT jbplainblog Hey, folks, news about me this morning: I'm moving all my blogging to BloombergView 
Bobby Jindal seems to think Americans have a constitutional right under the 1st Amendment to a reality-TV show 
On Iran, all Congress has to do is nothing. Is that too much to ask? Maybe 
Every time Bachmann, Gohmert amp; King go to the Middle East, it's hard not to worry about the damage they'll do 
Is it a  that I think the Beltway is wrong amp; Obama's year hasn't been that bad? 
Christie's bridge controversy isn't fading: with subpoenas pending, his top Port Authority officials have lawyered up 
crossland68 For what it's worth, I never actually defended Duck Dynasty. In fact, I've never seen the show! 
reed_lewis I appreciate the feedback amp; agree with you. I'm in the process of recommending a series of changes, so don't give up on the site 
How bad is Paul Ryan's awful memory? He's already forgotten the debt-ceiling fight *from 2 months ago* 
This is poised to be a very big deal MT ThePlumLineGS WH plans very aggressive executive action on climate change 
amit_joshee For what it's worth, we're trying to get this fixed. Honest. 
jbouie Sorry, Jamelle! What's that saying about great minds? 
The conventional wisdom says 2013 has been a disaster for Obama. Maybe it's time to question those assumptions? 
Simultaneous GOP arguments: "Let's approve the budget spending this money" amp; "We may refuse to pay for this spending" 
It was great to be on msnbc this morning with ZerlinaMaxwell and shiracenter 
New Jersey Dems want a congressional probe of Christie's bridge scandal. They may actually get one 
At a congressional hearing yesterday, Darrell Issa told a witness, "You need to watch more Fox [News]" 
gerrycanavan But this move was ordered by Christie's pal, who demanded PA officials keep it secret. Police weren't involved in decision. 
gerrycanavan For what it's worth, I've been skeptical too and I'm open to a fair explanation. But given the available info at this point... 
A week ago, Christie tried to joke about his burgeoning abuse-of-power scandal. Seven days later, no one's laughing 
arthur23 We're talking about extended jobless aid, not the Ryan/Murray budget. Also, the statistic came from a Republican. Read the piece. 
Leading GOP economist: extending unemployment benefits would create "only" 300k jobs - so it's not worth bothering 
Paul Ryan is planning to take the debt-ceiling hostage again. Remember: we already know he's bluffing 
DrJHaulsee I tried sending an email to that account amp; it bounced back as undeliverable. Is correct? 
DrJHaulsee Thanks so much for the kind words. I'm back this morning and will resume a normal schedule on Monday! 
Unexpected: first Ron Johnson endorses Obamacare exchanges then Tom Coburn does the same 
jbouie Actually, Coburn's retiring in 2016. And with retirement comes freedom... 
ThePlumLineGS chrislhayes And if not, 2014 has the potential to be an almost-constructive year for policymaking, no? 
Exactly RT ThePlumLineGS Now that Boehner has officially given the Tea Party the heave ho, let's get some stuff done 
Another rare respite for me: I'll be away from maddowblog today amp; Friday. I'll be back on Sat with a new "This Week in God." See you then 
Senate GOP has a plan for "nuclear option" retribution. It's underwhelming - and kind of pathetic 
Great piece RT jonathanchait The Ryan-Murray deal is a minor salvage job closing out a three-year-long failure 
If Christie is waiting for his Port Authority controversy to go away, he's likely to be disappointed 
RT sarahkliff: Breaking: HHS reports 1.2M Obamacare enrollments since October. 365K are in private insurance 
Excellent piece RT AdamSerwer Here's what happens when conservative judges try to play scientist 
By John McCain's own reasoning, shouldn't he be comparing himself to Neville Chamberlain? 
If you haven't followed the burgeoning controversy surrounding Chris Christie, it's time to start watching this one 
Issa is hosting "field hearings" on Obamacare. Too bad testimony is limited to those who already agree with the GOP 
What desperation looks like: GOP ties Obamacare to "war on women" Who's supposed to take this nonsense seriously? 
After a few days away from MaddowBlog, I'm back this morning. Huge thanks to zackroth for his terrific guest posts while I was out. 
We're on track for the best year for job US creation since 2005 - 2nd best since 1999 That's after tax hikes in Jan 
I'm off today, but I couldn't resist publishing the new job charts: New numbers aren't bad! 
norm_1142 As it turns out, it's funny you should mention that.... 
The caricature is true: as ACA gets back on track, Republicans returned to Benghazi amp; IRS "scandals" yesterday 
Since the smear over the US Vatican embassy has been discredited, don't JebBush amp; the NRSC owe Obama an apology? 
Right doesn't want to hear this, but as ACA enrollment grows, the "Repeal!" crusade fades further into irrelevance 
Agreed RT ThePlumLineGS Ds are going to have a hard time making any real substantive case for undermining WH on Iran 
GOP outraged that US embassy to the Vatican is moving. What's wrong with the GOP argument? It's completely bonkers 
rayk58 It's a rare respite! Plus, "This Week in God" will return tomorrow morning -- and I hope you'll join the podcast on Sunday. 
A year ago ago, Joe Lieberman boasted he'd never go into lobbying. He was apparently lying 
Maybe it's time to declare a moratorium on analysis of presidential "pivots" It's kind of lazy amp; overly simplistic 
Why will the GOP crusade against Ocare fail? Because most Americans either back the ACA or want it to be more liberal 
Not a bad line MT WhiteHouse Obama: "Brando had it easy - when it comes to Congress, theres no such thing as an offer they cant refuse." 
Agreed, larger ACA narrative is already shifting RT NYTimeskrugman The Obamacare Worm Turns 
If the Supreme Court's contraception ruling goes the right's way, the effects won't be limited to birth control 
joehill49 Here's the link to the item I wrote on this: Thanks for your interest 
Dear Beltway: diplomatic solutions need not be condemned as impractical, peaceful solutions need not be seen as weak 
Excellent point DafnaLinzer: Sad truth on Iran: this deal could have come 10 years ago at far fewer costs. 
magstweets8 Twitter insists it's verified. This is the  Republican in the U.S. Senate -- and it's his first reaction to historic news. 
Actual tweet, from a GOP Senate leader, this evening RT JohnCornyn Amazing what WH will do to distract attention from O-care 
Booffy_dog Vera, for what it's worth, I put a link to the backstory literally in the first sentence. Provided readers with the details. 
Remember the "Days Without A GOP Rape Mention" white board? Time to update it 
Sensible advice RT ThePlumLineGS White House privately urging Cong Ds worried about Ocare to refocus on the economy: 
"We would like to put the history of the [judicial] confirmation wars behind us" - WH aide, March 2009 
David Vitter sees majority-rule on judicial nomination as "scary and dictatorial." That's pretty silly, even for him 
Nuclear option: less of a change, more of a restoration of how the Senate used to - and was designed to - work 
DrJHaulsee They can (and almost certainly, will) be brought back to the Senate floor. These nominations remain very much alive. 
Perfect: after Reid readies nuclear option, McConnell complains incessantly about health-care reform. GOP's obsession just isn't healthy. 
House GOP plan for a "multilayered, sequenced assault" on healthcare is substance-free. Ready for Whine Fest 2014? 
New data on health care spending seems under-appreciated today. Does only bad news about Obamaacare count as news? 
Not mutually exclusive: (1) admin missteps on health care matter amp; deserve criticism; (2) GOP sabotage matters, too 
Seconded. Worth your time RT davidplouffe Powerful imagery and message. 
threesmommy It wouldn't really apply in 2014, since it'd still be a Dem White House. It'd matter more with a GOP president amp; GOP Senate. 
As Harry Reid eyes "nuclear option" on judges, remember: Senate GOP hasn't left him with any choice 
The extent to which conservative media screwed up the Obama/Gettysburg Address story is kind of amazing 
jerrydbuerger Thanks for noticing, Jerry! 
Seconded MT jbouie Remember that the ACA would be in much better shape if GOP hadnt committed to massive resistance 
For the 2nd time in Nov, GOP turned a key election into a referendum on Obamacare. In both cases, the strategy failed 
Jack_K_Coffee The arithmetic really isn't that complicated There's actually no meaningful "debate" over the numbers. 
Take a minute to read this one; it's a gem MT joshtpm An Obamacare "loser" speaks out 
gdthomp01 Out of curiosity, did you actually read the second one, or did you rely on "Twitchy"? I generally feel like my week's been fine. 
JamieTGriffin Just read, Jamie. It's not that complicated 
Ever wonder if folks are hyperventilating over healthcare because they're bored amp; want something to talk about? 
eigenseide You have an eagle eye, Barbara. As always, I appreciate the help. 
Boehner: ENDA "unnecessary" because people are "already protected in the workplace." That's just brazenly wrong 
Sounds about right RT kdrum Rate Shock Probably Affects Less Than 1 Percent of the Country 
peterhassett Nothing to report on this front just yet, but I'm working on it. Sorry for the sadness! 
gdthomp01 We'll have to agree to disagree. In my reality, the uninsured rely on emergency rooms amp; cost the system dearly. Medicaid saves $ 
gdthomp01 From HHS. It's the combined total: 106k through exchanges, 396k through the ACA's Medicaid expansion. 
About 500k Americans gained health coverage under ACA in Oct. Republicans are arguing (a) this is too few and (b) this is too many, Hmm. 
For those who got health coverage in Oct, is the GOP message: "We'd prefer to have left you behind with nothing"? That's the winning pitch? 
chrislhayes And because the govt was shutdown. And because Congress can't pass anything. And because popular proposals are ignored. And... 
I wonder if Chuck Grassley realizes Dems accepted majority-rule votes on Scalia amp; Thomas, among other GOP nominees 
Terrific piece RT igorbobic CitizenCohn explains health care reform to the Secretary of Explaining Things: 
Dear reporters, if Darrell Issa offers you a "partial transcript," think twice before taking it seriously 
How popular is a minimum-wage hike? Enough to put the GOP in a very awkward spot (note the pretty chart) 
Christie is suddenly afraid to state his position on immigration reform. No Profile in Courage Award for you, gov 
Riffing on a brianbeutler idea, consider Obamacare honesty on a spectrum 
As Wall Street reaches record highs (again), if Obama's trying to impose socialism, he's not trying very hard 
About to become a big deal RT ThePlumLineGS CBS statement on Benghazi ---gt; RT BrettLoGiurato: Oh wow 
AdamSerwer And don't forget that time Bush expressed some semblance of regret for his catastrophic deceptions, which also never happened. 
What does Christie have that POTUS doesn't? Legislative opponents willing to work cooperatively 
Final passage: ENDA passes Senate, 64 to 32. On to the House. 
dan_jsmith5551 Thanks for noticing, Dan. I appreciate it. 
Great piece, EJ RT EJDionne: Tuesday's elections shifted our political center of gravity to the left. Yes, really. 
Good piece RT paulwaldman1 After all that negative coverage, opinions on Obamacare are...just what they were before: 
KenGude Possibly! That or Sessions sees the existing examples of recent governing as insufficiently right-wing. 
Striking candor from Rep. Pete Sessions: GOP should prioritize "messaging" over governing  
Monday: GOP says Virginia is "a referendum on Obamacare." Wednesday: GOP forgets what a referendum is 
Didn't see that one coming RT maddow Washington Times ends Sen. Rand Paul column amid plagiarism allegations: 
Fla woman was media darling when she criticized ACA. Will media ignore her now that she sees ACA as a "blessing"? 
Rand Paul is so busy, his office has trouble avoiding plagiarism ... so elect him president? 
Andy Card wants to talk about presidents, honesty amp; public confidence. He may not have thought this through 
Good piece; coverage has been exasperating RT brianbeutler How the media is blowing the Obamacare rollout 
TPhillipsSD Thanks for noticing, Tony! 
tienle47 First, it's not OK for our site to be down. Second, I've written several pieces urging patience on ACA glitches. 
BidiMcGhee The main network site seems to be having some trouble, but MaddowBlog seems fine on my end 
daveweigel Don't forget, in committee, no Republicans were willing to speak against ENDA, either 
DrJHaulsee I see the trouble: hardcover in 2012; paperback in 2013. Same book, different editions. 
DrJHaulsee According to Paul's publisher, Government Bullies was released in August 2013. 
TheBenWalters You're close: McCain 22, Durbin 16, Gingrich 16, Lindsey Graham 15, Rand Paul 14 
NICKinNOVA Close. McCain and Durbin. (Newt and Durbin are now tied at 16 each over 43 weeks.) 
PalmettoProgres Lots of governors have made appearances, but none can come close to Gingrich's totals. Beshear = 1 appearance; Newt = 16 
Gingrich makes 16th Sunday show appearance of 2013 - more than 98 of senators, 99 of House members, 100 of governors 
DC Circuit ruling on contraception access is both bizarre amp; important Huge implications if upheld 
Rand Paul to be "more cautious" about presenting others' work as his own - after getting caught plagiarizing 5 times 
saquin Believe me, I can relate to your frustration. I'll keep up my efforts and we'll do our best to remain patient. 
The chart drives the point home RT msnbc maddowblog's stevebenen introduces the Obamacare winners and losers: 
saquin I'm doing my best. The feed is now up, and I'll lobby for full text. You know this isn't up to me, right? 
Following up, for folks asking about my RSS feed, it's back: 
+1k RT AdamSerwer Stop and Frisk, Millett, Texas abortion law. Are we figuring out how important the courts are yet? 
jonlovett I believe the industry refers to that as a "chronic condition," no? 
saquin tmorasch The next step is seeking a me-specific RSS feed. I appreciate your patience. 
tmorasch One step at a time, Tracy. One step forward today, another step forward another day. 
joshtpm Man, do you get trolled this aggressively on twitter every day? I had no idea. 
For folks asking about my RSS feed, it's back: 
Self-awareness humor is the best humor. Well played, Ron RT ron_fournier: Kids in my neighborhood know they get no candy unless they lead. 
News orgs *love* the 3 RT joshtpm Stop whatever yr doing amp; look at this chart on the Obamacare 'rate hikes' 
Yep RT ThePlumLineGS  "We're not going to conference with the Senate, period." 
writerjoshjames Joshua, believe me, I hear you. What's more, I'm doing what I can to make changes. 
RT irin The most "pro-life" state: my piece on one family, a later abortion, and the state that made them suffer 
Have you seen the new deficit figures? I have a chart you'll definitely want to see (link fixed) 
beth4158 Oops. Fixing. 
admiralmpj Malcolm, I'm really glad you told me. I hadn't seen the news -- and now I have time to make a chart! 
I wonder why good ratings news for MSNBC seems to get less attention than the alternative 
Excellent piece RT CitizenCohn You know who voted to cancel insurance for many millions of Americans? Republicans 
AutumnSandeen Give this a try, Autumn If it doesn't work, let me know 
Helpful, informative piece RT ezraklein The Health-Care Trilemma: How Obamacare is changing insurance premiums 
ZerlinaMaxwell Thanks so much, Zerlina. I sincerely appreciate the support. 
Test for GOP lawmakers: 1. Were you in Congress during the Medicare Part D rollout? 2. Did you make a whine a lot? 
After accomplishing practically nothing this year, House GOP has a new plan: start working even less 
Jindal thinks GOP can win a "war of ideas" with fresh new policies -- like school vouchers 
ericfaulkner I feel your pain, believe me. For what it's worth, I've been assured the RSS will be back later this week. 
Obama touches on key issue: GOP "rooting for failure" on healthcare It's potent because it's true 
New working theory: GOP in North Carolina wants 0 of minority vote in all future elections 
eigenseide Thanks so much, Barbara. I really appreciate the support. 
derrelldurrett Excellent point, Darrell. 
Ted Cruz thinks the concentration of wealth among the top 1 is a problem. Let that sink for a sec 
ryanbeckwith Got it. I appreciate the follow-up. 
ryanbeckwith Ah, I see. I relied on another's reporting from the hearing room, but I'll gladly update the piece. 
ryanbeckwith Ryan, help me out. What'd I overlook? 
In case anyone's forgotten, raising the Medicare eligibility age is a pretty horrible idea 
True RT jbouie Its not Washington that's held back the economy, its congressional GOPers who oppose stimulus amp; push huge spending cuts 
MTitelbaum That's a good question, Matthew. I've been assured the tech folks are working on Stay tuned! 
Great piece MT irin A fascinating split in the right to life movement on whether to oppose Medicaid expansion 
writerjoshjames It was a network decision, but we're working hard to make improvements. Your feedback really does matter - seriously. Thx. 
North Carolina GOP: defend voter suppression in the morning, reach out to African Americans in the evening  
daveweigel No, no, we have truthers who think WH broke the site on purpose to distract from Benghazi amp; IRS 
patrickhenry2nd ThePlumLineGS In 2012, House Dem candidates won 1.4 mil more votes than House GOP candidates. "Mirrors true feelings," ey? 
brianbeutler ericbuth EricJFillinger I've been pushing the "post-policy" thesis all year! 
Surprising: 4 nat'l polls released this week, all show Obamacare getting more popular, not less (note lovely chart) 
ahuntre Thanks for letting me know, Andrew. Try this link: It should work 
How do I know I've been hanging around maddow? I'm starting to find stories about nuclear security fascinating 
saquin Believe me, I'm eagerly waiting for the green light on the RSS. I'll be sure to let Twitter followers know the moment I find out. 
Shift in attitudes on marijuana is a reminder: the culture war really didn't turn out the way the right had hoped 
Styve1 We're right here Scroll down past the videos for the newest blog content 
Lizzy_Reinholt Looks good, Lizzy. Thanks for the heads-up. 
Dmon65 Thanks for noticing the Monty Python figures! Don't worry -- as far as I'm concerned, Holy Grail is never off topic. 
jaketapper And that sounds about right. It's a good point; thanks for following up. 
Thanks, Greg RT ThePlumLineGS Amazing chart on GOP's polling implosion, by stevebenen 
JoshRovner I live in a small town in New England. Price of living = yum. 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: McCain takes a commanding lead: 22 appearances in 42 wks. Dear bookers: this is getting a little excessive 
Boehner's defense for recent crises: "I got overrun." Follow-up question: why'd you allow yourself to get overrun? 
atomsareenough No, they're working on it 
Seconded. RT jbplainblog  brianbeutler - Excellent combo of reporting and analysis throughout the shutdown story. Underappreciated. 
Fascinating piece RT jamespmanley Inside the Fox News lie machine: I fact-checked Sean Hannity on Obamacare 
theonlyadult What's more, let's also not forget that these criticisms are often balanced against praise 
theonlyadult With respect, I think you're over-reacting. There's nothing wrong with substantive critiques amp; criticisms of laws I'm fond of. 
Yep MT americasvoice: If immigration is not an option for Republicans, what do they run on in 2014? 
tmorasch Don't give up just yet, Tracy. The tech folks are working on the RSS feed: 
yeselson chrislhayes Largely the latter. Medicaid expansion, as I know you know, makes a world of difference. 
chrislhayes That's fair, though the discussion of why aspects have gone poorly is too complex for 140 characters. Still, Oregon! 10! 
Has the Obamacare rollout gone perfectly? Clearly, no. Are there still some impressive success stories? Clearly, yes 
ryanlcooper Thanks for asking, Ryan. I've been assured they're working on it In the meantime, I'm still publishing! 
coldandnervous Nicely done, John! 
jepaco Rest assured, the tech folks are working on it Stay tuned! 
FrankLynchBkln jaytku The tech folks are on the case 
jaytku Much to my disappointment, no, but it's on my list of things I'm begging the Powers That Be to change. 
grossdm Reports on jobless claims actually never stopped -- the reports kept getting published because data comes from states. 
I'm reasonably certain he just led - quite well, too MT ron_fournier Obama held strong and won this fight. Now can he lead? 
SallyAlbright Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) is recovering from surgery and was absent from the floor. 
msbhavens1 I'm listing the "no" votes. These were the senators who opposed the bipartisan deal. 
Senate votes against bipartisan deal: Lee, Paul, Risch, Roberts, Rubio, Scott, Sessions, Shelby, Toomey, Vitter (2 of 2) 
Senate votes against bipartisan deal: Coburn, Cornyn, Crapo, Cruz, Enzi, Grassley, Heller, Ron Johnson... (1 of 2) 
Final Senate vote to end crisis: 81-18 -- all 18 were Republicans. POTUS speech in about 5 minutes; House vote tonight 
Jhereg The tech folks are working on it as I type. 
freedug No, rest assured the tech folks are on the case. 
elfsternberg This isn't something I can personally fix, Elf, but the tech folks are aware of the problem. 
Heritage CEO: "Everybody" knows Obamacare is secure until 2017. Really? When did this dawn on Heritage? 
You too brother MT ThePlumLineGS 3 who nailed basic dynamics of the situation from the very start: brianbeutler stevebenen amp; jbplainblog 
NR_Garrett Rest assured, I'm working on it. 
narakilday17 I'll check, Nara. Thanks for asking. 
mile304 Fair enough. 
mile304 Eric, respectfully, I think you're setting the bar tragically low. "Hasn't done permanent damage to US yet" = faint praise 
mile304 33 months as Speaker: 2 debt-ceiling crises, 1 govt shutdown, 1 radicalized conference, 0 accomplishments. A tough record to defend 
mile304 That's extremely generous. He's already failed repeatedly amp; would only pursue Senate bill because his own conference rejected him. 
chrislhayes That was a helluva interview. Thanks for the reminder! 
Remember when Pelosi was Speaker? How exceptional she was at the job? I wonder what she thinks watching Boehner fail so spectacularly. 
Oh my RT dnewhauser Contraception in play in debt/CR debate: some GOP members want conscience protections for health providers in the plan 
Everyone feeling relief last night forgot 1 thing: the House exists amp; it's led by a radicalized majority. Let this be a lesson to us all. 
It took 3 years, but the "repeal Obamacare" crusade looks like it's run its course Don't go away mad; just go away 
BarryHouse Well, he resigned in disgrace 15 yrs ago amp; hasn't held public office since. Wait, that's not much of an explanation... 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: McCain now leads with 21 appearances in 41 weeks, Gingrich up to 15, L Graham amp; R Paul up to 13 each 
Republicans keep equating health care reform amp; slavery. It's getting kind of creepy 
Almost sad to watch RT ThePlumLineGS Plainly, tedcruz has total contempt for the intelligence of his supporters 
It's come to this: Tea Party Republicans believe President Obama is a big meanie who "antagonizes" the GOP 
GOP still won't engage unless threat of deliberate harm hangs over talks Hostages have become a prerequisite 
PaulHRosenberg That's a good point, Paul. Not sure how I missed that one. 
Note to GOPers who wrap themselves in the Constitution: your debt-limit obligations amp; your oath aren't optional 
If default deniers are right, and crisis won't be "that bad," why should anyone pay their ransom? 
Well, he's certainly dropping something. Is "knowledge" some sort of euphemism? RT Brendan_Buck Boehner, dropping knowledge. 
Boehner's "conversation": a forum for Dems to offer concessions, in exchange for nothing, enticing GOP to do its job 
chrislhayes Maybe that's the Dick Cheney wing of the government? If memory serves, he always maintained he was separate/distinct.... 
House GOP wants far-right treats - in exchange for nothing - because they've "fought so hard." They have? 
ThePlumLineGS And speaking of Boehner struggling with conventional definitions... 
Dems amp; GOP seem to speak different languages. I'm here to help - with a glossary of 8 commonly used terms 
Boehner: We demand you enter negotiations in which I'll accept no concessions. Agree or GOP will hurt US deliberately 
Radical suggestion: hold the vote, prove everyone wrong RT ThisWeekABC: Boehner: Not enough votes in the  to pass a clean CR 
GOP tantrum carries international consequences MT speechboy71 govt shutdown should be seen as a natl security crisis 
A hypothetical: what if Obama flipped the script amp; demanded Congress pass liberal goodies before he did his duties? 
Deserves an answer MT: ThePlumLineGS Has GOP explained *why* Rs shld be given concessions for averting economic disaster to the country? 
Boehner vowed not to hold debt ceiling hostage. Then he reversed. Then he reversed again. And then again  
PamCarlson3 In this case, it was a congressman who tweeted something offensive. I posted an image of the message 
Just when I thought I could no longer be surprised... RT chrislhayes You have absolutely got to be kidding me 
Marlin Stutzman's (R-Ind) instantly famous quote captures the post-policy nihilism that defines GOP politics 
First the congressional GOP forgot what "compromise" means. Now they're confused by 'negotiate" too 
Remember the Republican Party's "rebranding" campaign? Remind me, how'd that work out? 
Republicans try debating empty chairs -- because it worked so well for Clint Eastwood, right? 
Yitzhak_Guedira It was a modest attempt at dry humor, Yitzhak. Obviously human suffering is vastly more important than charts. C'mon. 
Just realized the Bureau of Labor Statistics is closed. And Friday is Jobs Day. And ezraklein amp; I have charts to make. Not cool, Congress. 
Isn't pollution awesome? RT MarshaBlackburn: There is some good news out of the shutdown, the EPA can't issue new regulations 
GOP drops the pretense: they're not blaming Dems for shutdown; they're touting shutdown as GOP handiwork 
Ratios w/ 0 are tough RT MikeGrunwald What is the ratio of the time GOP leaders spend thinking about messaging to thinking about governing? 
US can be a 21st-century superpower. Or it can endure seasonal GOP crises. It probably can't do both 
SophieRo3 JohnO0Connor If you see "completing a nonbinding budget resolution" amp; "keeping the lights on" as equivalent, you're mistaken. 
SophieRo3 JohnO0Connor Right. And Republicans are poised to shut the govt down. Your point is ... what exactly? 
SophieRo3 You do understand that Senate Dems passed a budget 6 months ago, right? 
Destroying the absurd "blame both sides" talking pt RT ThePlumLineGS Our current governing crisis, in two sentences: 
BarryHouse Agreed. It's an unprecedented dynamic but it's one long unprecedented dynamic, in several steps, which doesn't actually end. 
BarryHouse Sure! But I'm referring specifically to *this* shutdown, which was set in motion in the spring. 
The looming shutdown isn't an accident - House GOP set this plan in motion, on purpose, 5 months ago 
ktumulty Well, in fairness, gerrymandering matters a lot. In the House, Dem candidates won 1.4 million more votes than GOP candidates. 
Game? Don't facts matter? MT MarkHalperin: Dear Dems: Saying Cruz and House GOP are absolutists who want a shutdown won't change the game 
This wasn't an isolated tantrum thrown by an extremist faction of a once-great party. This was all of the House GOP 
_silversmith Shawn, take a look at the paragraphs in my post on this that followed the part Greg quoted 
It's quite a party RT mattyglesias New GOP demand - make it harder to get birth control or well shut the govt down: 
Unhinged GOP thinks it's *heroic* to shut govt down while fighting to deny families access to basic healthcare 
Headlines like these are aren't just factually wrong, they're also a huge favor to GOP threatening govt shutdown 
admiralmpj Malcolm, read the paragraphs after the 1 ThePlumLineGS quoted I think you'll find the points compelling 
wydon66 I hope you'll take a moment and check out my piece on this very subject 
The willful ignorance from Brendan_Buck amp; others on  amp; the  is just stunning What an embarrassment 
A senator is leading a House caucus against its own Speaker? It's Boehner vs Cruz, not Boehner vs Obama 
BuckleyFlaherty It's not spin to say a sovereign debt crisis and U.S. default is worse than grandstanding. Think about it. 
BuckleyFlaherty MaddowBlog As it turns out, I've addressed this in some detail Take a look amp; see what you think 
Well said RT ThePlumLineGS Do Rs have a "bomb strapped to their chest"? Only they can tell us the answer: 
seanmdav So in your model, Boehner is Assad? Isn't that roughly similar to the argument Dems are presenting? 
seanmdav Give this a try, Sean. Read my piece, consider it on the merits, then respond. 
Did a senior WH official compare GOP to terrorists? Yes. Is that polite? No. Is it worth exploring anyway? Probably 
Sen Richard Burr (R-NC) is more comfortable with a debt-ceiling crisis than a shutdown. That's not sane 
jamisonfoser chrislhayes Ah. By that reasoning, everything that needs technical fixes over time is useless. US Constitution, Soc Sec, etc. 
chrislhayes GOPLeader Chris, if you figure it out, please let me know. Even for Cantor, this seemed like an odd non sequitur. 
So, you've had plenty of time to accept it amp; move on RT GOPLeader: When the President signed Obamacare into law, the iPad did not yet exist 
AnonDemSource It's a good point, though I'd note the phrase appeared in the Reuters piece, not my text. Still, your point is well taken. 
The 2013 debt-ceiling crisis: when the GOP transitions from "kooky conservatives" to "stark raving mad" 
+1 RT ThePlumLineGS Sources: If Obama endorses his own impeachment, House GOP will agree not to destroy the economy: 
eigenseide One small letter, one big difference. Thanks for flagging this for me; I appreciate it. 
Add up the total  of bills Cruz amp; his allies (Rubio, Lee, Paul, et al) have sponsored and passed into law. The total is roughly 0, right? 
When the leak "scandal" 1st broke, GOP pushed serious allegations - which turned out to be wrong See a pattern here? 
Like ezraklein I think those who aren't worried about the GOP debt-ceiling crisis should probably start 
bsdtectr As of now, McCain still leads Gingrich for the year so far, 20 appearances to 13. 
A big move, def worth watching RT ThePlumLineGS Pelosi plans next move on immigration, but w/o discharge petition: 
Former House GOPer: uncompromising Dems bear blame for Boehner's failures A poor attempt at satire? 
Gingrich hasn't held office in 15 yrs. He still has more Sunday show appearances (13) this year than every congressional Democrat 
PaintsNature I linked to someone else's commentary. Click the link and refer questions/concerns to the author of the piece. 
PaintsNature Oh, *that.* The post was not removed amp; you're welcome to comment in the comments section. 
PaintsNature I don't recall ever publishing anything referencing you, and no pieces have been removed from the site in the last two years. 
RLAlitheia Time to update old bookmarks. (The same thing happened to me.) 
joshtpm GOP cites 2 Thessalonians 3:10 often, but it's worth noting that they're misquoting scripture 
GOP keeps quoting the Bible on food stamps but they're badly misquoting the book 
We haven't even gotten to the GOP debt-ceiling crisis, GOP killing immigration reform... RT ezraklein The 113th Congress is a train wreck 
Old adage: "Elections have consequences." Congressional Republicans in 2013: "Not anymore" 
Seconded RT CitizenCohn Poor paulwaldman1 is running out of ways to describe Tea Party madness. I know the feeling. 
Maybe McCain was trying to do Putin a favor with his odd op-ed in the wrong Pravda today? What else explains this? 
Reasonable people can agree the Generation Opportunity ad pushes healthcare debate to new level of stupidity, right? 
DC traditionally relied on transactional politics. It's been replaced w/ extortion politics - and that's not healthy 
leviathan0999 Thanks for catching this, Jonathan. It's fixed now. 
jbplainblog I was slightly more candid about Bernanke blaming congressional GOP for undermining economy on purpose 
The measure of Jeb Bush's 2016 ambitions: he's starting to pall around with quite a motley crew 
seanmdav By all means, Sean, explain to me some more what I think. I'm learning so much from your expertise. 
seanmdav baseballcrank If wonks start in journalism, they're unqualified; if they start in politics/govt, there's a revolving door. Got it 
baseballcrank I disagree - when there are more credible wonks on the right, we'll see - but still don't see a "revolving door" connection. 
baseballcrank Right. And Ezra's status bolsters Erick's revolving-door thesis (and your "laughter") how, exactly? 
baseballcrank Erick cited Greg Sargent and Ezra to prove his point - both opinion-esque. You saw that, right? 
baseballcrank conservative voices in media, which I also helped disprove. So can we please have a smarter conversation about this? (4/4) 
baseballcrank you (and others) say opinion media doesn't count. EE's larger point was about the lack of (3/4) 
baseballcrank that the revolving door spins both ways. Erick also included opinion writers as part of his complaint, only to have (2/4) 
baseballcrank Erick said there's a revolving door, making no distinction between news professionals amp; opinion media. I showed (1/4) 
baseballcrank Dan, I think you know better than this. Did you read Erickson's original piece? Don't be lazy; I expect more from you. 
Good ol days RT ThePlumLineGS Boehner in March: "I'm not going to risk the full faith amp; credit of the federal govt" 
RT NYTimeskrugman Three Strikes And Youre, Well, Still Playing The Same Game 
When chrislhayes said "much of movement conservatism is a con and the base are the marks," he was absolutely right 
Some in House GOP expect Obama to cave before govt shutdown deadline. Wow are they wrong 
NJ2NC88 Yep, it's fixed now. Thanks. 
AlisaJass Yep, it's fixed now. Thanks. 
epophoto Yep, it's fixed now. Thanks. 
LostAroundIowa I haven't the foggiest idea what you're talking about. I haven't made the claim, and I haven't "pushed" it to anyone. 
Of all the images and sounds of today, I think it'll be the remarks of Dr. Janis Orlowski that stick with me 
I'm annoyed Greg wrote this before I could RT ThePlumLineGS The limits of "non-partisan" analysis: 
UrbanAchievr brianbeutler When you find evidence of lefties praising AQ for being tough, smart, clever, amp; being great leaders, let me know 
UrbanAchievr brianbeutler Click the links -- I could only squeeze so many examples into one post. 
The right's fondness for Vladimir Putin has become more than a little creepy in recent days 
ahuntre rayk58 At the risk of sounding like Amazon ("if you liked a, you'll love b...), Spaced is a gem I can heartily recommend to you 
rayk58 Brother, other than my wife, I don't know a soul who enjoyed Spaced and Corner Gas like I do. Kindred spirits! 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: after 37 weeks, Mike Rogers (R-MI) now leads John McCain (R-AZ), 20 appearances to 19. Dems far behind. 
Great piece; heartily endorse MT fmkaplan My take on the US-Russian deal re Syrian CW: win-win-win for everybody 
TomRtweets Understood. Not sure I agree, but your point is well taken. 
TomRtweets Policy wise, that's certainly credible, though I'm not sure about WH amp; "strategic goals." Diplomatic option gt; Congress gridlock 
TomRtweets Perhaps. What kind of definition would you recommend? Less of a focus on chem weapons? More on UNSC? I'm open to suggestion. 
PykeA Ugh. Thanks. 
So EWErickson wants to talk about the "revolving door" between politics amp; media. What a good idea 
mattyglesias You once said Pence is "a moron amp; any movement that would hold the guy up as a hero is bankrupt" 
LindsayRidgeway If they can demonstrate widespread public confusion in specific areas, more power to 'em, but I don't think they can 
JECarter4 If only "polling" them mattered less... 
There's nothing quite as meaningless as a poll on the debt ceiling Public has no meaningful understanding of issue 
TimRussoCLE That's nice of you to say, Tim. I can't take any credit for the segment, but I'll gladly share your praise with Rachel and team 
Great piece; important question RT CitizenCohn Three theories on why House conservatives are acting so crazy 
SteveKornacki Helms' legacy will continue to haunt you - and me - forever more. And with Cruz claiming the mantle.... 
This seems entirely correct to me RT kdrum No, Obama Didn't Plan on Syrian Inspections. He Did Something Better. 
Cruz's praise for Jesse Helms, an unrepentant white supremacist, demands some follow-up Reminiscent of Lott in 2002 
It's painful to see just how little control/influence Boehner has over his own caucus He's "Speaker In Name Only" 
philipsturner Limeylizzie Here's that story: 
Here's hoping the "Does Obama embrace American exceptionalism?" nonsense is now officially over 
RBStalin It's a microphone, but you're probably right. I'll see what I can do. 
If you missed Obama's speech on Syria, I posted the video, transcript, and some quick analysis 
True RT samsteinhp: Fascinating to see folks coming THIS close to rooting for a diplomatic failure on Syria provided it embarrasses Obama 
Did Kerry idea/Russian plan come out of nowhere? Not exactly - Obama amp; Putin apparently discussed last week 
lapared I'm at a loss as to why you think I'm unfair to POTUS. I'm flooded with hate mail every day from folks arguing I go too easy on him 
Preparation meets opportunity? RT samsteinhp Smart GOPer on Russia offer: "looks like Obama drew an inside straight here." 
aweiser278 Syria doesn't have a lot of oil. Try again. 
theonlyadult I think this is the one you're looking for on Putin: 
lapared I said admin might ignore it because admin officials said they might ignore it. As for credit, Kerry's office distanced from idea 
lapared Can you think of even 1 instance in which I suggested POTUS is a "warmonger"? What have I published that you've disagreed with? 
lapared If you know my work at all, you know better than this. According to State, Kerry made an off-hand comment, wasn't pushing an "idea" 
scgoodgy23 Thanks, John. I appreciate it. 
The White House will jump on the diplomatic opportunity in Syria proposed by Russia, right? *Right?*  
Bachmann/Gohmert/King went to Cairo, made a propaganda video for Egyptian military. Why isn't that a scandal? 
If you're legally blind in Iowa, you can't drive a car. You can, however, carry a gun 
Rove 2 wks ago: Obama must go to Congress on Syria; measure will pass. Rove today: going to Congress was "amateur hour"; measure won't pass 
SamSokol42 Wait, I did call it an example post-policy partisanship! 
Rare when congressional GOP ignores Patraeus amp; Israel on a natl security question 
Karl Rove wants to talk about Bush's "decisive" qualities. That's a great idea - let's have that conversation 
There's something deeply wrong with you RT KarlRove Obama's policies leave longing for decisive George W. RT if you agree 
lkatrell These guys sure are tough to keep up with, aren't they? 
Time to update the "Days Since Congressional GOPers Talked Up Obama Impeachment" sign It's been a busy summer 
Dear politicians: don't try to exploit a natl security crisis for fundraising purposes. It makes you look like an ass 
HayesBrown Sorry about that typo, Hayes. I just fixed it. Apologies. 
New rule: Republicans talking about Reagan amp; chemical weapons should look up what actually happened in the 1980s 
Teleprompter 'jokes' are always foolish, but Sen Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) pushed his luck a little too far today 
longstorey Thanks for noticing, Joe! 
lapared The site seems to be loading fine on my end. Give it another minute, hit refresh, and let me know if you're still having trouble. 
Chris Christie worked hard to cultivate a "brand" as a straight-talking tough guy. Then he threw it away 
vancitydan As I see it, if Horowitz is working w/ the RNC amp; speaking alongside elected officials, his public remarks are worth highlighting 
JustinRaimondo That's what makes the world go 'round, right? Diversity of thought is to be celebrated. 
JustinRaimondo Quite right. I appreciate you staying on top of this and keeping me apprised. 
Rep. Joe Wilson's (R-SC) Syria conspiracy theory is so dumb, I'm amazed he repeated it out loud, on purpose 
SpauldingCC Well said, Steve. Thanks for the clarification. 
Seeing a lot of talk about Rand Paul filibustering Syria resolution. As a procedural matter, it may not be an option 
NeilB4Zod I knew I was forgetting something. There goes my grand SEO strategy, down the drain... 
JustinRaimondo Just to clarify, looks like Politico didn't address the procedural question. It may not be aware of the details I reported 
Dear Donald Rumsfeld, you really should go enjoy a little quiet time right about now 
JustinRaimondo daveweigel I'm certainly open to the possibility that Roll Call's analysis is mistaken. Worth exploring further, to be sure 
daveweigel As a procedural matter, wouldn't a filibuster be prohibited on this? It's not really up to Rand Paul 
Damn straight. RT chrislhayes Gettin' there... 
After AG Holder approved legalized pot in CO amp; WA, Republicans did something fascinating: nothing 
TheObamaDiary That wasn't me - check the byline - but I appreciate the heads-up. 
McCain says opposing resolution on Syria "would be catastrophic" to US. But he may vote no anyway 
Predicting outcome of Syria resolution in Congress is hard: 1st time in ages there is no clear GOP foreign policy 
BuzzFeedAndrew If there aren't OSHA regs preventing reporters from watching 50 hrs of townhalls, there should be. Therapy? Hazard pay! 
MFehrman I'm starting to think you're not an especially nice person. Thanks for reading me "all the time," though. Good luck to you. 
DickPolman1 True! McCain already threatening to oppose resolution because POTUS doesn't want full-scale 
DickPolman1 And oddly enough, he was grumpy during those 19 appearances, too. I tend to think McCain's in a perpetual state of grumpiness. 
MFehrman Fascinating. By your own admission, you read my work "all the time." Seems like an odd way to invest your time, but thanks anyway 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain leads with 19 appearances in 35 weeks. Also, Peter King's been on 6 of the last 8 weeks 
When "Fox amp; Friends" becomes so dull that its co-host sleeps while on the air, there's a problem 
AdamSerwer Worse, it's not just Terry -- Gohmert said the same thing yesterday 2 sitting lawmakers in 2 days 
allinwithchris If the missing comma doesn't have its own twitter account before the end of tonight's show, I'll be crushed. 
tpabob46 Who wears red ties to a funeral? 
scgoodgy23 Yep, that sounds about right to me, too. 
scgoodgy23 Sure. What I mean is, there's no current ultimatum from the admin that would prevent military intervention in very short term. 
At this point, it's not clear what, if anything, would prevent a US strike in Syria There's no ultimatum on the table 
Daroswene Nice catch, Jennifer. I meant to write that Scott is Congress' only African-American Republican. It's fixed now. 
Scott Walker in 2010: Elect me amp; I'll create 250k jobs. Walker in 2013: Um, about that promise... 
RobbieSherwood Thanks, Robbie. It's fixed now. 
GlennThrush Just so long as we overlook all the errors he *didn't* correct! 
It's a rare treat to see Bill O'Reilly admit - out loud amp; on camera - when he gets a story wrong 
Far-right culture warriors? Today isn't your day Marriage, guns, pot, "conversion" therapy - 1 loss after another 
"War on drugs" has moved in 1 direction for most of my life. Today's DOJ news therefore seems pretty amazing 
The RNC is prioritizing minority outreach. It's why the no-shows at yesterday's event are such a humiliating disaster 
JamesFallows If you missed it, we had Rigell on the show last night: interesting interview 
If you missed Obama's speech at  I posted the video and transcript Worth your time 
imillhiser Quite right. But even if the Kochs used money from between the cushions, it would point to broader coordination, no? 
imillhiser Yeah, I'm not sure, either. I am curious, though, about who picked up the tab - Tea Party fundraising not terribly strong. 
A problem for the Tea Party movement: its activism is too often inspired by claims that aren't true 
TotalBroadcast TrumpDog1 JackAnderson75 I think you're badly confused about what the debt ceiling is amp; what default means, Good luck. 
TotalBroadcast TrumpDog1 JackAnderson75 On the other hand, Lew and the WH have repeatedly urged GOP lawmakers to begin budget talks. 
TotalBroadcast TrumpDog1 JackAnderson75 It's not complicated: those who threaten to hurt Americans on purpose don't warrant negotiations. 
*crickets* MT AdamSerwer Looking fwd to everyone who wrote trend stories about MSNBC a month ago writing new ones 
thepoliticalcat I was short on tweet characters. 
On the issues Rand Paul cares about most, he seems the most confused That's really not a good sign 
TotalBroadcast You appear to be a little behind on current events. Reid's Senate passed a budget in March 
dqdebra Maybe it's time to realize that government spending is already down. 
josephc1952 I'm struggling to see your point. Yes, spending is down. Yes, we're trillions in debt. So? Why crash the economy on purpose? 
TotalBroadcast I think you're confused. The WH doesn't pass budgets; Congress does. And Obama has been eager to negotiate/compromise. 
josephc1952 MaddowBlog 1st, anything is better than a deliberate economic crash. 2nd, spending is already down 
Great piece RT sahilkapur How Louie Gohmert is fueling an anti-American conspiracy theory in Egypt: 
Maggyw519 Well, I wouldn't say I'm "ignored," exactly.... 
Boehner's debt-ceiling rhetoric is so reckless amp; threatening to Americans' wellbeing, it's breathtaking 
matthewhurtt Hopefully, a little more fun with Monty Python, right? 
matthewhurtt Thanks for noticing, Matthew! 
As Obamacare divides GOP against itself, the party has no leaders to calm the waters or right the ship 
Seconded RT AdamSerwer I just don't actually have words for this: 
Cuccinelli on denying ER care: "Humans will adjust." A euphemism for, "We're going to let poor, sick people die" 
Great piece MT EJDionne GOP's Armageddon Caucus: shutdown amp; default threats reflect a peculiar view of government 
Casual_Obs In light of his two appointments, it's unclear why Ginsburg would have any real doubts. 
Justice Ginsburg intends to stay on the job for quite a while longer. I think she's probably making a mistake 
NeilB4Zod I was going to tackle it in detail, but the CBPP beat me to 
It's always funny to see how many folks love Obamacare - so long as they don't realize it's Obamacare (link fixed) 
Another GOP senator talks up impeachment. Take note, pundits urging Obama to "lead more" by "working with" GOP 
Of all the arguments against healthcare reform, "just rely on emergency rooms" is the worst of the worst 
Debt-ceiling politics: when the GOP looks less a governing party amp; more like intemperate children playing w/ matches 
RT CitizenCohn Moody's Mark Zandi went looking for data to show Obamacare is hurting employment: "It's not there." 
Prominent GOP strategist: "The party is acting as if the entire world is a GOP primary" It's getting worse, too 
psalm82 admiralmpj I've gotta run, but for the record, I'm lost. Rachel isn't my boss? Who is? I think I need a hand with this one. 
admiralmpj Brother, one out of two ain't bad. I'm batting .500! 
admiralmpj Understood. Will gladly share your concerns with the TRMS team. 
admiralmpj Fairly certain the details have been well researched by the team. Still doesn't justify misapplication of Terrorism Act, though 
admiralmpj How come, Malcolm? (I remain a big fan of my boss.) 
I thought the Daily Caller saying, "The Obamas don't have any white dogs" was some kind of joke. Turns out, it's true 
Great piece RT Salon The right's repugnant anti-Obamacare strategy will kill or bankrupt young people. 
Remember those folks who said the IRS story was a real, legitimate scandal? Wow were they wrong 
norbizness Those ACORN volunteers really are like the Spanish Inquisition, aren't they? 
norbizness Well, now I just feel bad for being insensitive. 
When it came to impeaching Obama, the right used to come up with pretenses. Now "we don't like him" = "high crime" 
morfaleji Thanks, Doug. I'm a big believer in a simple rule: don't appear on national TV without Monty Python action figures. 
criticjane Thanks, Jane, I appreciate the support. How did the segment look on your end? 
PaulBlu Ahem. They're Monty Python *Action Figures*, Paul. And clearly, after proving she can float, they're backing Hillary. 
Texas can't afford to fix the roads the oil companies destroyed - so Texas is unpaving them 
Seconded MT ThePlumLineGS Late to this, but yes, absolutely do read brianbeutler's account of his shooting 
Chicago6611 molodyko lapared If you can identify a "lie" I've repeated, I'll gladly run a correction. I'm all ears. 
Chicago6611 molodyko lapared I'll admit, it's fascinating to be condemned for liking POTUS too much and not enough at the same time. 
molodyko lapared Now I'm really confused. If my piece is accurate, and I've told readers the truth, what "deception" have I fallen for? 
lapared molodyko OK, I'll bite. I'm in the tank for Obama *and* I'm in the tank for Greenwald? And what, exactly, was wrong in my post? 
2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain leads with 18 appearances in 33 weeks. Peter King's been on 5 of the last 6 Sundays, ties Newt w 10 each 
Christie's veto of a ban on .50-caliber weapons - carrot-size ammo that can shoot down planes - is tough to defend 
Santorum makes the case that "middle class" belongs to Democrats. If true, his party has a real problem 
Updating an earlier tweet, Reince Priebus described "self-deportation" as "horrific," but not "racist" 
Funny to read RNC autopsy from March: "The Republican Party needs to stop talking to itself." So much for that idea 
dan_jsmith5551 My full confession: I'd never seen the word before in my life. And thanks, by the way, for the "stone cold" catch. 
RNC chair now considers "self-deportation" to be "racist." But does he mean the policy or the use of the phrase? 
Am I overreacting to the GOP's debt-ceiling threats or is brianbeutler underreacting? The case for the latter: 
Good point RT ThePlumLineGS GOP Rep. Steve King is afraid -- very, very afraid -- and he's right to be 
BarbinMD Good point, Barbara. I updated the post accordingly: (scroll down) 
The RNC really wants to complain about Obama taking a vacation? OK, but I have a chart Reince won't like 
Describing the new GOP debt-ceiling hostage plan is difficult. "Hopelessly insane" doesn't go quite far enough 
Unemployment claims have been steadily improving amp; are now at their lowest point since Oct '07 Note the pretty chart 
About that Heritage poll on a govt shutdown over Obamacare ... did you happen to see the wording of the questions? 
Bad: NC gov signs sweeping voting restrictions for no reason. Worse: gov doesn't know what's in the law he signed 
lafloran Here you go: 
Florida congressman says he's ready to "defund the EPA" Also dismisses "this whole Al Gore thing of climate change" 
You meant "begins" RT KenCuccinelli My  goal is to secure VA's economic future, including for our children amp; that beings with education 
Conservatives keep saying Congress is "exempt" from Obamacare. Reality keeps saying the opposite 
GOP outraged by delay in Obamacare consumer protections. But don't they want to repeal all the consumer protections? 
GOP over last few days: impeachment, death panels, amp; birth certificates How's the rebranding campaign going, reince? 
TPM is lucky to get you, Kay RT kaysteiger Some news: Ill be joining TPM as associate editor later this month 
Did Harry Reid troll the GOP on race? Yes. Did Republicans teach him how to do this effectively? Probably 
daveweigel Tidbit: in the last 5 weeks, Peter King has made 4 Sunday show appearances. Not quite at McCain levels, but he's getting there 
Priebus this morning on Obamacare: "It's European, socialist-style-type health care." This is blisteringly stupid, even for him 
Chris_in_RI oxdspalla The "across state lines" argument is horribly flawed Try again 
Happens to be true MT thegarance Obama: "The 1 unifying principle in the GOP right now is making sure 30 mil people don't have health care" 
3fecta That's easily the best laugh I've had all week. Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Presidents don't pass budgets MT realDonaldTrump: FACT - reason US has to worry about a govt shutdown is b/c Obama refuses to pass a budget 
When it comes to GOP outreach to minority communities, today is not exactly a stellar day In NJ, Okla, Wis, DC... 
My biggest concern with Rand Paul: he just doesn't seem to know what he's talking about 
Remember Jason Richwine? He's back, asking folks to take seriously his claims about race amp; IQ My response: no 
Bad: Mitch McConnell's constituents don't like him. Worse: McConnell's campaign manager doesn't like him, either 
A protestor at the event said the president "needs to go back to where he came from." She added, "I am not a racist" 
Jeb Bush: poor should have same K-12 opportunities as rich. What about healthcare, housing, transportation, amp; food? 
On healthcare, GOP created a monster. Like Frankenstein, they aren't pleased with the results 
riccaric Believe me, sincerity is the last thing I expect from Paul on civil rights. My "must be right" was intended as sarcasm. 
daveweigel Well, in that case, Paul *must* be right - so long as he excludes LGBT community, African-American community.... 
daveweigel Rand Paul said the same thing about minority rights 2 wks ago. It's bizarre, but he seems to believe it 
12 yrs ago today: Bush says, "All right. You've covered your ass, now," after briefing on bin Laden threat 
I'll be on msnbc at 11:30 eastern with irincarmon amp; vivianahurtado Tune in 
A constant source of disappointment RT ThePlumLineGS Oy. politifact steps in it again 
RobotEmbryo geoff9cow Robot, it's been over 5 hours. We get it; you're not a POTUS fan. Can we move on now? 
Well, I didn't see that one coming RT romenesko: The Washington Post has been sold to Jeff Bezos for $250 million. 
Fox News keeps picking the wrong fights for the wrong reasons RT AdamSerwer Yep time to bring out that chart again 
Sorry, Republicans: Obama can't be a radical socialist amp; a shill for Corporate America at the same time 
Why a budget deal with the House GOP is unlikely: Eric Cantor thinks the deficit is "growing." It's not 
Grt piece RT AdamSerwer Where we are 8 weeks after ggreenwald amp; bartongellman blew the hinges off the NSA's closet 
Big move RT USATODAY  Pentagon fires 60 troops after sex-assault review, USA TODAY finds 
With every Obamacare repeal vote, GOP reinforces the impression that they're just not a serious governing party 
The more the RNC tries to talk about the 'war on women,' the less sense their talking points make 
tcot_ne source is the Bureau of Labor Statistics 
Bad: media hyping phony "scandals." Worse: media neglecting to mention when the stories are discredited 
If Ayn Rand could see the House GOP's food-stamp cuts, she'd likely say, "Aren't you guys overdoing it a bit?" 
MT blakehounshell: Krugman says, almost as an aside, "the madness of the GOP is the central issue of our time" 
robgmartin I can't say for sure, but that's probably a safe assumption. 
robgmartin Here's my post on the subject, published this afternoon: 
old_scribe Don't worry, she's enjoying a few days off but will return very soon. As for where she is specifically, I haven't a clue 
Boehner knows sequestration cuts are hurting the country on purpose. For now, the Speaker says he doesn't care 
This chrislhayes segment was truly brilliant amp; an instant classic How he kept a straight face, I'll never know 
leviathan0999 Thanks, Jonathan, for catching this. It's fixed now. 
Boehner thinks he's more popular than Obama. That's kind of hilarious Don't miss the chart 
House GOP spending this week trying to embarrass the WH. They're embarrassing themselves in the process 
Darrell Issa wants to rename nearly all of the water surrounding the US after Ronald Reagan No, seriously 
ThePlumLineGS helpfully explains current events to ron_fournier Glad you're back, G 
GOP clearly hates Obama's latest offer on the economy. What's less clear is *why* they hate it 
Maybe "leader" is the wrong word for McConnell's title RT sahilkapur McConnell won't take a position on risking a shutdown over Obamacare. 
Hard not to wonder about activists who fight desperately to convince the uninsured to stay that way on purpose 
BrFleurantin chrislhayes Yep, that's pretty much exactly what Rand Paul said in April about the use of drones 
GOP will say "Even Howard Dean is slamming Obamacare," but Dean's criticisms come up far short 
Conservatives are worked up about WH dismissing "phony scandals." They shouldn't be - the stories really are phony 
NC's Gov McCrory poised to disenfranchise many of his constituents, but hasn't yet read his voter-suppression bill 
Hear, hear RT JamilSmith I'd be surprised if they were even embarrassed by this. Still, bravo, rezaaslan: 
RNC keeps using that phrase, "war on women," but I don't think it means what they think it means 
Cause it's phony MT ron_fournier: Top DEM calls after WH meeting: "Why the hell would they call IRS a phony scandal" 
With CVS amp; Walgreens on board with Obamacare, life will get tricky for conservatives planning boycotts 
polisnark1986 ThePlumLineGS Here's a radical thought: read the post, consider the evidence, offer a substantive response. 
For politicians who say jobs are their  priority, I have good news: they can prove it by scrapping the sequester 
Boehner can condemn Steve King's bigotry or he can let Steve King win the policy fight. He shouldn't try to do both 
For Americans drowning without health insurance, the GOP has a message: deliberately ignore the life-preserver 
kosteks Is there any other way to appear on national television? 
If you missed Obama's speech today on the economy amp; middle class, I posted the full video (along with some analysis) 
Paul Ryan has the worst memory in American politics - and it's getting worse That, or he's breathtakingly dishonest 
Good ad-libbed line, not in original text RT mmurraypolitics: Obama adds, "Repealing Obamacare and cutting spending isn't an economic plan" 
JohnnyDeMayo I appreciate the feedback, Johnny. Best of luck with your film! What's the name? 
conncarroll BenjySarlin True, but that's not the point. King's antics have been constant, but he's now the de facto GOP voice on the issue 
Boehner has created a GOP vacuum on immigration. Shouldn't be surprised when clowns like Steve King fill it 
jbouie Minority Report, Serenity, District 9, Children of Men, Primer, Inception, I Robot, Star Trek Into Darkness, Super 8, Moon 
Boehner is so dangerously incoherent on the debt ceiling, it's cause for alarm When he plays w/ fire, we get burned 
stuckbunny Thanks for noticing! 
jepherz You bet they were. 
I'll be on msnbc at 11:30 (eastern) with DafnaLinzer and igorvolsky . Tune in 
House GOP game-plan for August: hard hats, Vine, planted questions, and ironically bashing those with power in DC 
davidharsanyi ThePlumLineGS David, did you even read the piece? Do you have a substantive response? 
What does it mean to say the GOP is "sabotaging" Obamacare? Let's get specific  
Boehner's bold new idea: rebrand congressional failure as a positive He expects praise for ineptitude 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain leads the pack with 16 appearances in 29 weeks, Gingrich - yes, Gingrich - up to 10 appearances 
At this morning's Va. debate RT mpoindc: Cuccinelli: "My personal beliefs about the personal challenge of homosexuality haven't changed." 
Incidentally, the "Obama can't deliver powerful, nuanced remarks without a teleprompter" argument seems to have died a swift death 
TresOui It's loading fine on my end, but you're not the only one having trouble with the clip. The tech folks are investigating. 
TresOui It's just 52 seconds in when he begins discussing Trayvon Martin's shooting (Patience, patience) 
If you missed President Obama's remarks this afternoon, I posted the video amp; transcript You'll want to see this 
jonfavs Agreed. And if she's reluctant to explain, perhaps someone can bring this up during one of her 17 upcoming Sunday show appearances. 
If Peggy Noonan doesn't understand the IRS controversy, I wish she wouldn't publish deceptive columns on it 
GOP says Obamacare is unraveling before our eyes, while the WH takes a victory lap. Who's right? Take a wild guess 
Turns out I was ever-so-briefly featured on the Colbert Report last night Thanks to agwarner for the heads-up 
FLCommonSense Read the whole post not just the first part amp; see if I'm only referring to "one guy" 
Right won't want to hear this, but it's time - indeed, it's past time - for conservative media to pick up its game 
That last tweet? Scratch that -- I got bumped from msnbc because of a POTUS speech. We'll try again on Tuesday. 
I'll be on msnbc around 11:30 (ET) with goldietaylor amp; billscher. Tune in. 
Cuccinelli before: let's talk about the economy. Cuccinelli now: let's talk about anti-sodomy laws  
Nicely done MT sarahkliff: Me amp; ezraklein spent 3 months figuring out how the White House thinks about Obamacare 
Bernanke wants Congress to be a partner on economy. It's instead acted as an opponent, pushing in the wrong direction 
Obama uses his power to silence political opponents! No, wait, that's former Gov Mitch Daniels (R). Never mind 
Good point MT ThePlumLineGS: Great timing: House GOP debates repealing parts of O'care, as signs emerge it's driving down insurance costs 
If you missed Eric Holder's speech to the NAACP today, I posted the whole video. It's a good one, worth your time 
Listening to Harry Reid this morning, nuclear option sounds unlikely. Reid sees "a way forward" w/ a "compromise" that'll make folks "happy" 
jonathanchait And don't forget, when it comes to credibility on these issues, Lamar Alexander has none 
Watching Bachmann explain "the way we spank the president" is extraordinary, even for her 
The Violence Against Women Act is tripping up Ken Cuccinelli amp; Mitch McConnell in a big way 
Dems: Senate immigration bill could pass the House. GOP: No it couldn't. Only one way to know for sure who's right 
Wow RT SusanPage: Fun fact: Reid says LBJ as Senate maj leader faced 1 filibuster. In about the same time, he has faced 420. meetthepress 
Former Gov Brian Schweitzer (D) says he won't run for Senate in Montana Huge surprise; makes GOP Senate more likely 
A_H_Goldstein choice but to raise it to prevent default. Rubio's argument - large debt = default - is still plainly wrong (3/3) 
A_H_Goldstein won't have to be raised; I've said the opposite. Politics notwithstanding, policymakers have no (2/3) 
A_H_Goldstein Sure, I've published dozens of reports on this over the last few years. But I didn't suggest the limit (1/3) 
A_H_Goldstein I don't see any errors in the piece. What are you suggesting needs a correction? 
NC's Pat McCrory (R) promised voters: no changes to state abortion laws. Apparently, the vow came with fine print 
Remember, only a good guy with a tampon can stop a bad guy with a tampon 
Ouch. Ramos' opinion matters. RT jorgeramosnews: Does SpeakerBoehner really want to be the new Joe Arpaio for the Hispanic community?" 
XLProfessor Serious answer: No. Rs consider the IMF a bunch of European socialistic Keynesians who deserve to be ignored. 
nytimes acknowledges what often goes unsaid: House GOP has retreated "into a cave of indifference and ignorance" 
Motorcycle-turned-abortion bill advances in NC 15 of state's 16 clinics are set to close 
McConnell's argument on filibusters isn't just factually wrong; it also pushes the boundaries of good taste 
In light of the larger crusade, the push for 20-week abortion bans may not seem that bad - but they really do matter 
billmon1 I intended to, but I used "dim bulbs" as my headline when I wrote about this last year. Didn't want to be excessively referential 
Today's House vote on light bulbs is a reminder of just how dumb congressional policymaking has become 
When no one was looking, did the North Carolina GOP turn a motorcycle-safety bill into an anti-abortion bill? Yep 
The RNC's rebranding campaign didn't die a natural death; instead it suffered a Rasputin-like fate 
"Interesting" arrived on a divine dolphin named Reagan MT BuzzFeedBen: Peggynoonannyc pretty much the last interesting columnist standing 
On immigration amp; farm bill, I wonder if GOPers literally don't understand what a compromise is 
Remarkable consistency RT mattyglesias: Americans still angrier at Bush than Obama for the state of the economy 
On immigration, Spring Boehner amp; Summer Boehner have nothing in common. It may very well kill the bill 
NeilB4Zod For the record, I'm not sure which of those I'd pick. I guess After Earth? Which I'd then sneak out of to see This Is The End? 
NeilB4Zod That's certainly a fair point, but putting all of the power in 1 person's hands -- Roberts' hands, no less -- is probably worse 
If GOP hates Obamacare's employer mandate, why aren't they happy about its delay? Hint: post-policy nihilism matters 
Benghazi amp; IRS didn't pan out, but for a genuine scandal, consider the House GOP's debt-ceiling hostage plan 
So painfully, obviously true RT ThePlumLineGS: The problem isn't generic "Washington gridlock." It's the House GOP: 
theonlyadult On this, not sure how much more the WH can do. US conspiracy theorists feeding foreign conspiracy theorists. Out of WH's hands 
joshtpm Many in Egypt think US backs MB because they have quotes from GOP wingnuts insisting it's so. From 2012: 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain (R-AZ) amp; Mike Rogers (R-MI) both up 1, now tied for the lead at 15 appearances each over 27 wks 
Interesting story out of FL, where locals accepted the 1st monument to atheism to ever be displayed on govt property 
GOP made a series of allegations in the IRS "scandal." They've all been discredited Some accountability would be nice 
New jobs charts look quite encouraging Over 1.2 million new jobs created so far in 2013 
stevebeste kabussey What'd I miss? Admittedly, I couldn't cover literally every nuance of the policy in a single post, but "shoddy"? 
Ahem RT BobbyJindal: You know things are bad when you cant even successfully implement your own bad ideas. 
No one wants to talk about sequestration anymore, but between wildfires amp; July 4th fireworks, the cuts still matter 
On top of state action, Rubio preps bill for 20-week abortion ban. Remember when GOP used to ask, Where are the jobs? 
How important is the newly announced Obamacare delay? Put me in the "not too big a deal" camp 
Atrios Are you watching the BBC version of the Syfy version? And are you starting with season one? 
Conservatives have traditionally been leery of the former Soviet Union. Then Russia became more anti-gay 
Why are GOP leaders leaning on the NFL? Because they're desperate to see the federal healthcare law fail 
New restrictions on reproductive rights in Ohio, approved with nearly no debate, are simply breathtaking 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain (R-AZ) amp; Mike Rogers (R-MI) now tied - 14 appearances each over 26 weeks 
BuzzFeedAndrew Sure but this goes beyond public opinion. Policymakers have a duty to look past, "How does this affect people I care about?" 
BuzzFeedAndrew In fairness, Obama's LGBT record is expansive amp; goes back many years. Has talked about "right thing to do," not just friends 
If only GOPers had jobless relatives MT JamesFallows: Why does Cantor support med research but not other spending? Family disease patterns 
RT AnnCurry: NBC News: A federal appeals court has dissolved the stay blocking same-sex marriage in California. It can begin immediately. 
When it comes to federal benefits for same-sex couples post-DOMA, Obama admin really isn't wasting any time 
Rick Perry wants people to believe he was "praising" Wendy Davis yesterday. He wasn't 
I'm glad Pierce responded to Peggy Noonan so I don't have to RT ESQPolitics: La Noonan Just Won't Let It Go 
ecjacobs It was an oversight that has since been corrected. The post had one link to you, and now it has two. 
Great piece RT CitizenCohn What the Weather Channel understands about climate change -- and John Boehner doesn't 
jbplainblog Pretty much. I'd also add the countless pundits who made Nixon comparisons amp; chatted about impeachment, but that's just me. 
nomoremister You joke, but... 
As the scandal evaporates, the only folks in the IRS story who *didn't* do anything wrong are Obama amp; his team  
RLAlitheia That's an important catch and I appreciate the heads-up. The post has been corrected. 
Remember when I said I'd be on msnbc "barring last-minute changes"? Well, there were changes amp; the segment was preempted. See you next week 
Barring last-minute changes, I'll be on msnbc at 11:40 (ET) with irincarmon and AdamSerwer A good time will be had by all 
RNC launches new outreach effort targeting women. What could possibly go wrong? 
3 hours ago: Rick Perry declares, "Texans value life." 1/2 hour ago: Texas carries out its 500th execution since 1982 
Rand Paul talked to Glenn Beck today about post-DOMA bestiality The senator has crackpot tendencies, doesn't he? 
It was pretty cool to see POTUS call the Prop 8 plaintiffs on live television this morning 
This matters, right? RT AdamSerwer: Roberts forgot to mention which part of the Constitution Sec. 4 violated  
MarkBrooksVA JM_Ashby Yep, right here: 
If you missed it, I posted the full video amp; transcript of Obama's climate speech 
Excellent piece RT ThePlumLineGS: Obama casts saving the planet as common sense centrism: 
Why asking Congress to "fix" the Voting Rights Act will effectively kill the Voting Rights Act 
As IRS "scandal" ends with a whimper, GOP politicians amp; pundits have some explaining to do 
"Wow" is right RT jonathanchait: Wow, Mitch McConnell just stone lied to, and about, Norm Ornstein at AEI 
As more of the Speaker's aides become lobbyists, remember: "Boehnerland" is a real thing in DC 
4 days later, Paul Ryan still wants to blame Dems for farm bill fiasco, but arithmetic is stubborn 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: Mike Rogers (R-MI) has actually passed John McCain (R-AZ) - 14 appearances to 13 so far this year 
White House laying the groundwork in advance of Tuesday's big climate-policy speech 
Wait, what? RT jbouie: Antonin Scalia thinks Southern apartheid states would have desegregated schools on their own. 
LivingLarkin No worries, Jon, the segment is online 
RT ThePlumLineGS: Great thing about McConnell's speech is he openly concedes IRS scandal isn't about facts anymore 
If Boehner now sees Hoover Dam amp; Golden Gate Bridge as triumphs, is he ready to invest in infrastructure? 
I'll be on msnbc at 11:30 (ET) with keligoff and AndrewKroll Tune in. 
Subtext behind Comey nomination: if Obama were at all worried about Scandal Mania, he'd never pick this guy 
Starting to wonder if Speaker Boehner is effectively illiterate on the basics of economic policy 
Congressional GOP and US mainstream are routinely on opposite sides. Is median-voter theory dead? 
Maine is such a beautiful place; it's a shame it doesn't have a classier, less buffoonish governor 
I'll be on msnbc around 11:30 (ET) with irincarmon amp; billscher. Tune in. 
The Supreme Court cases you're waiting for? DOMA, Prop 8, Voting Rights, amp; Affirmative Action? Not today - we'll try again on Monday 
New theory after watching Phil Gingrey on gender roles: GOP wants to drive women voters away on purpose 
If you missed Obama's speech at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, I posted the full video Worth watching 
Boehner in Nov: let's pass comprehensive immigration reform. Boehner now: Did I say "comprehensive"? 
He has some explaining to do MT ThePlumLineGS: Darrell Issa should be answering, not asking, more questions 
CBO: Immigration reform slashes deficit, boosts economy, strengthens Soc Sec amp; Medicare. GOP: we don't care 
Simply heartbreaking: Michael Hastings died in a car crash. He was just 33 years old. 
RT ThePlumLineGS: BREAKING: Full House committee transcript of IRS witness testimony released; undercuts Issa claim 
The door to immigration reform was open. Boehner, unable to lead, is starting to close it (with video) 
If Bobby Jindal is the GOP's answer to "dumbed-down conservatism," the party's future is dim, indeed 
Teach3ca Carol, when exactly do you think I bashed the president? 
Wow RT dafnalinzer: Thrilled to welcome irincarmon TimothyNoah1 amp; NishaChittal to msnbc digital. Our latest hires onto a fabulous team 
Whenever immigration opponents talk about the literal, physical length of the bill, an angel loses its wings 
Very good point RT paulwaldman1: Republicans have to lobby Fox News, almost like it's a branch of government: 
craig_merriman Thanks, Craig, for catching this. It's fixed now. 
Cantor: let's mock Obama's falling poll numbers. Fact: POTUS is still vastly more popular than Congress 
The Supreme Court cases you're waiting for? DOMA, Prop 8, Voting Rights, amp; Affirmative Action? Keep waiting - they're not coming down today 
Defending the NSA by whining about Benghazi amp; the IRS is deeply foolish. I'm looking at you, Cheney 
_silversmith Durbin and Schumer are the only Dems who are even close when it comes to Sunday show appearances, but both trail. 
noFelld He's the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: Mike Rogers (R-MI) catches McCain (R-AZ) - 13 each - while Gingrich ties Graham with 9 each 
baseballcrank Wow, you must have read that entire post awfully quickly. Take another look amp; let me know which point I "missed." 
Rick Perry doesn't want to hear this, but Americans really do have freedom from religion 
Has Congress always been unpopular? Yes. Has it ever been *this* unpopular? No 
Rep Trent Franks (R-AZ) has a new strategy: self-pity and dubious fundraising appeals 
Good eye, Simon RT SimonMaloy: Pretty sure those are Monty Python and the Holy Grail action figures behind stevebenen on MSNBC.  
RT ch3ryl: i'm on Agenda panel on ThomasARoberts w/ stevebenen amp; daveweigel - topics = Syria, GOP rebrand   anniversary 
Smartypants32 And (c) I don't have much to add to Snowden coverage from others who have greater whistleblower expertise (2 of 2) 
Smartypants32 True! But (a) I'm covering lots of other stuff right now (b) I've had some NSA coverage (1 of 2) 
Smartypants32 How come? 
eigenseide Thanks, Barbara, for the feedback and the typo catch. It's fixed now. 
Whom you voted to remove from office in 1999 RT SenJohnMcCain: Always good seeing my friend BillClinton 
draculapuppet I appreciate the feedback on that. I was afraid the pic might have been too subtle. 
Wisconsin's Scott Walker, who apparently slept through 2012, is poised to become the new Gov. Ultrasound 
Lindsey Graham: Feds can read your mail for public safety, but closing the gun-show loophole is outrageous 
erinidle I was afraid no one would get the reference. Thanks for letting me know there's another Whedon fan out there. 
Boehner, Cantor say jobs are their " priority." To quote Giles, I'd like to test that theory 
I'll never understand why GOPers can't stop talking about rape amp; abortion Slow learners? 
Glenn Greenwald has his detractors, but Rep Pete King's (R-NY) idea of prosecuting him is ridiculous 
Oh my RT BuzzFeedAndrew: Republican nominee for Virginia lieutenant gov misspells own book title ... on the cover 
Genuinely curious as to why GOPers haven't called for DNI James Clapper's resignation 
RT ThePlumLineGS: tedcruz gives away the game, unwittingly reveals opposition to immig reform is only about Obama 
Are partisans on both sides hypocrites on NSA surveillance? Yes, but the chiding should come with an asterisk 
Scary thought: China is more open to action on climate change than the congressional GOP is 
RT ThePlumLineGS: Marco Rubio flatly says legalization will come before enforcement. Is this a good sign? Sort of 
When politicians start talking about "optics" and "atmosphere," red flags should go up 
ronaldoca When I scheduled a few days off a while back, I thought to myself, "Very little happens in early June." So much for that idea. 
I'm back from vacation today; huge thanks to zackroth for filling in and doing such fantastic work in my absence. 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: McCain (R-AZ) leads with 13 appearances in 23 weeks, Mike Rogers (R-MI) next with 11 
Catching up on NSA revelations. Keep thinking of the adage, "The scandal in Washington isn't what's illegal; it's what's legal." 
ThePlumLineGS You know me -- how could I possibly miss jobs day? 
I'm off today, but I posted the monthly jobs charts anyway. They're relatively encouraging 
Quote of the Day: the GOP 'doesn't want black people to vote if they're going to vote 9-to-1 for Democrats' 
Is Marco Rubio prepared to betray his own allies on immigration reform? It sure looks like it 
Chuck Grassley doesn't understand why Obama doesn't call him anymore. I think I can explain why 
O'Reilly pushed the bogus Shulman/WH story on Thurs. It was debunked on Fri. He repeated it on Mon amp; Tues 
If Cantor valued governing as much as "rebranding" gimmicks, Congress would be less ridiculous 
Mississippi's Phil Bryant (R) laments 'moms getting in the workplace' Gender gap can/will get worse 
On Scandal Mania, I figured we'd know GOP overreach when we saw it - and now we're seeing it 
Voters under 30: Dems are the party of Obama, Clinton; GOP is the party of Limbaugh, Beck 
There's an asymmetrical "wonk gap" between the left amp; right - and it keeps getting worse 
+1 RT ezraklein: Uh oh. Now you've done it. You've made CitizenCohn mad. I didn't even think that was possible 
Issa's criminal past usually goes unmentioned in polite company. davidplouffe went there anyway 
Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: McCain (R-AZ) leads with 12 appearances in 22 weeks, Rogers (R-MI) next with 10; Graham (R-SC) at 9 
Conservatives keep arguing against women's economic empowerment - maybe the gender gap *can* get worse 
GOP hostility towards student loans always strikes me as a strange amp; unpopular position to take 
Great report from thegarance debunking the right's new "smoking gun" on the IRS controversy 
With 2014 midterms in mind, Romney is ready for his close-up (again). Will the GOP care? Probably not 
GregortheMendel I imagine Erickson would allow you to join the discussion, just as soon as you leave the workforce - as "science" demands 
Erick Erickson wants to discuss gender roles with "a lazy beta-male MSNBC producer." I'm happy to oblige 
In 40 of homes, women are the breadwinner. This led an all-male Fox panel to go berserk (fixed link) 
In 40 of homes, women are the breadwinner. This led an all-male Fox panel to go a little berserk 
The Eagle Forum's Phyllis Schlafly knows just what the GOP needs: more outreach to white people 
JulieBorowski This really isn't controversial: sequestration cut govt spending by $85 b this year It's causing harm 
Inconvenient detail for the right: govt spending cuts are preventing a more robust econ recovery 
Very hard to see Obama as a bitter partisan - he's nominated *a lot* of GOPers to key administration posts 
RomanEcho You couldn't be this unpleasant all the time. Try being genial sometime, as opposed to needlessly ill-tempered. 
RomanEcho I'm starting to get the impression that you're not an especially nice person. Let's try an experiment: say something pleasant. 
With Obama tapping Comey to lead FBI I'm reminded of the amazing Ashcroft-hospital-bed story 
Glaring flaw in Mitch McConnell's new video: it's breathtakingly dishonest Video makes GOP leader look desperate 
When politics becomes bizarre: GOP says it's controversial for Obama to try to fill judicial vacancies 
I expect some pettiness in politics, but Inhofe is pushing the envelope on Obama amp; Okla tornado 
Michele Bachmann is retiring, won't seek re-election Her scandals didn't help 
So true RT ThePlumLineGS: Everything that's wrong with today's GOP, perfectly captured in one headline in thehill: 
Snowe, Bob Dole agree: Republicans should "rethink their approach as a political party" 
Top-lines on that Obamacare poll tell a misleading story - support for law surprisingly strong (with nice chart) 
Looking at Wall Street returns, it's clear: if Obama is trying to be a socialist, he's not good at it 
Hope springs eternal... MT ThePlumLineGS: Why the WH and Dems haven't (completely) given up hope on GOP cooperation 
A leading House Republican believes the sequester situation is "idiotic." Then why not get rid it? 
If you missed Obama's speech on national security, the full video is up amp; it's worth your time: 
The House GOPer leading the charge on slashing food stamps? He's received millions in farm subsidies 
Remember when Romney/Ryan repeatedly condemned DoE loans to Tesla Motors, calling it a "loser"? Oops 
Dax01 It only seemed appropriate to use the Princess Bride clip, given the circumstances 
Boehner keeps using that word, "inconceivable," but I don't think it means what he thinks it means 
It's always amazing to hear Bernanke tell Congress they're the ones holding back the economic recovery 
On IRS "scandal," the goalposts have moved: "Why did Obama intervene?" has become "Why didn't Obama intervene?" 
mattdawidowicz I think that's true, though as I note in the post, it's alarming when the crazy people have influence 
It's quite sad the emergence of tornado truthers - Obama used "weather weapons" - was inevitable 
When House GOP staffers mock GOP Benghazi theories as "crazy stuff," the story has run its course 
2010: Joe Barton apologizes to BP for oil spill. 2013: Rand Paul apologizes to Apple for tax-avoidance schemes 
White House was told about IRS report late last month. No idea why this is supposed to be interesting 
Karl Rove's comfortable scrutinizing White House scandals involving leaks. No, seriously 
Even among nutty candidates for statewide office, Virginia's EW Jackson seems ... special 
instapundit thegarance But "silly allegations might be true" isn't an argument. Either Paul's latest conspiracy has merit/proof or not. 
ChristyRidTram The Rand Paul/toilet story is a little old, but I'll confess, it still makes me laugh two years later. 
Rand Paul knows of a secret IRS memo that only he understands - says it's been "reported orally"  
CNN amp; Gallup both show Obama's approval rating going up, not down. Surprising, but true 
Remember when ChuckGrassley said he'd start being sane on Twitter? It didn't last 
Folks comparing Obama to Nixon are only proving how little they know about Nixon 
Big scoop MT ThePlumLineGS: Reid likely to scrap 60-vote threshold on noms if Rs block Cordray, Perez, McCarthy 
Nice catch amp; good point RT: sarahkliff: WaPo headline on March 3, 1966: "Selling Elderly on Medicare is Not Easy." 
GOP leaders are concerned about scandal overreach. Aren't they a little too late? 
DCPlod jkfecke Thanks so much, Danielle and Jeff. I really appreciate the support. 
The unexpected twist: Benghazi scandal isn't what Republicans alleged; it's what Republicans did 
chadstanton The nerve, right? How long until the out-of-control dictator claims he gets to live in the White House, too? 
GOP: it's "intimidating" amp; "arrogant" to describe health care federal law as federal law. Wha? 
The new narrative: has Obama done enough to "stop the bleeding"? Enough for whom? Why assume he's bleeding? 
House GOP set vote on repealing Obamacare for the 37th time. What at an embarrassment 
SamSokol42 Thanks so much, Sam. I really appreciate it. 
kombiz 21law Thanks so much for the birthday well-wishes; I really appreciate it. 
Video: It was quite satisfying to see Holder blast Issa's conduct as "shameful" 
LivingLarkin Fair point. The diff between 501c3 amp; 501c4 groups, and defining "political," can get tricky, but in general, I agree with you. 
RT charlie_savage: White House this morning asked Senator Schumer to reintroduce the media shield bill which died on Senate floor in 2010. 
TinaMorphis It's a fair point; we certainly need more info. But equal treatment on left amp; right changes the nature of the controversy. 
If lib groups faced same scrutiny as Tea Partiers, IRS story may not be quite what it seemed to be 
GOP cares *deeply* about IRS amp; Benghazi stories. AP subpoenas? Not so much 
RichardEDerrJr FWIW, it's a crazy-busy news day. Some good stuff won't make it, because there's so much else to talk about. Don't miss it! 
Step 1: Look at chart. Step 2: Laugh at those who said "Socialist Obama is turning America into Greece!" 
One of these days, the  debate will turn to GOP budget cuts for embassy security, right? 
It's amazing how confused Lamar Alexander is about HHS, Obamacare implementation amp; Iran-Contra 
Do Cheney amp; Rumsfeld really want a conversation about lies, coverups, terrorism amp; missed warnings? 
So true RT ThePlumLineGS: "Second term curse" magical thinking has become excuse for not taking stand on specifics of actual "scandals" 
Every time I see Darrell Issa, I think of his background as a suspected criminal amp; alleged car thief 
nomoremister Good question! Jan 20 (inauguration day) featured neither. Otherwise, it's been McCain, Graham, or both literally every Sunday 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain is up to 11 appearances in 19 weeks, more than anyone else in the country 
ezraklein We covered (marveled at) the same Paul letter in April Larger context: politics of paranoia matters 
For Bachmann, 9/11 attacks were partly our fault - our sins, she said, led to God's "judgment"  
Echoing ThePlumLineGS, GOP not doing its base any favors. Romney will win! Obamacare will be repealed! Benghazi's a legit scandal!  
C'mon, NRCC. Raising money this way is just sleazy, even for you 
Occasionally, the right has a legitimate gripe The boy who cried wolf eventually saw a real one 
He's much worse than I expected RT daveweigel: The Next Scott Brown is surging to incredible success 
On Benghazi, Fox is going to be Fox, but folks should still leave Obama's kids out of their arguments 
rayk58 Thanks, Ray. I'm an unabashed Firefly fanatic and I'm always glad to know I'm not alone. 
So, so wrong MT CitizenCohn: Here's a new one: House Republican blames Obama for Head Start cuts 
LostAroundIowa Let's try to think this through. Why in the world would Reid want 60-vote thresholds on measures he supports? 
LostAroundIowa We can have a semantics debate, but the GOP - not Reid - wanted the 60 vote threshold. It's really not that complicated. 
LostAroundIowa I'm afraid you're mistaken. 
Vitter can't think of a good reason to block Obama's EPA nominee, so he's relying on bad reasons 
Cheney probably should have skipped the Benghazi story MT memeorandum: A classic Cheney modifier 
Given the GOP opposition to its own idea, maybe it's time Obama retract the chained CPI offer? 
Great piece; worth your time RT ThePlumLineGS: Chaos governing: 
Pandeism I don't believe so, no. The sequester predictions were true: it's done real harm to real people 
GOP said higher taxes in January wouldn't reduce the deficit amp; would hurt job creation. Oops 
Has gun violence dropped sharply since 1993? Yes. Does that mean the problem has been resolved? No 
Good: when The Daily Show host amp; correspondent pretend to be in separate locations. Bad: when CNN does it 
Jindal's voucher plan struck down as unconstitutional He's having a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad year 
eigenseide Thanks, Barbara. It's fixed now. 
Cantor has a new idea to help close the gender gap - except it's not new, it won't pass, amp; it's a bad idea 
danielwein Thanks for following up; local reports made no reference to Brady's family. I've updated my piece accordingly. 
Illinois GOP chair forced to resign - he backed marriage equality So much for rebranding 
daveweigel If you missed the video of Reid taunting Cruz, I posted it this morning 
Amazing RT DafnaLinzer: Incredibly proud to have AdamSerwer BenjySarlin and SuzyKhimm join our great reporting team at msnbc 
The brewing nullification between Kansas and the Justice Department is definitely worth watching 
Remember when the economy was a top national issue? Obama apparently hopes to remind Congress 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: McCain (R) leads with 10 appearances; Graham (R), Rogers (R) and Durbin (D) with 8 each; Gingrich (R) at 7 
Thanks, Ezra MT ezraklein: A 5-step guide to avoiding the Green Lantern fallacy: 
Is there anyone in American politics with a worse memory than Paul Ryan? 
LOLGOP 31 consecutive months of job growth overall; 38 consecutive months of private-sector job growth 
Also, job growth in February - after tax hikes, before sequester - was strongest month in 8 years 
Painful to consider: were it not for Congress, the economic recovery would be even stronger 
MrShimasaki Contradictions under our secular Constitution abound, don't they? Still don't see the need for an official federal worship day 
MrShimasaki You mean like reading up on Jefferson amp; Madison opposing govt promotion of prayer? Leaving spiritual decisions to Americans? 
CrinsomRN So we'll need the government to set aside worship days for us, instead of people making their own spiritual decisions? 
Bluequeentv We "need" the government to set aside a worship day, instead of letting people make spiritual decisions on their own? 
tdalton43 I think people can pray on their own; you think we need government to get involved. I guess we'll agree to disagree. 
tdalton43 Let's think this through. Celebrating the nation's birthday isn't the same as a day in which the government promotes worship. 
tdalton43 My point is we can pray, or not, whenever we want. I don't need big government to encourage me to practice my faith. Do you? 
AdamStadtmiller Do I need a government proclamation to do that, or can I pray over this based on my own beliefs and conscience? 
tdalton43 Do you need a special government proclamation to do that, or can you pray for the nation anyway? 
I'm hard pressed to imagine why the National Day of Prayer - which is today - is necessary 
Ever notice the similarities between Gollum and the GOP's talking points on the sequester? 
What a good question RT jonathanchait: Why can't Obama convince Republicans to help him defeat them? 
Jobless claims improve to their best point in over 5 years (with chart) 
Underappreciated story of the day: Bernanke (subtly) blames congressional GOP for the slow recovery 
RT AdamSerwer: It's not that it would be any better if he weren't a veteran, but it helps drive home the stupidity 
ron_fournier Due respect, consider the last few paragraphs amp; let's discuss *how* Obama overcomes opponents 
ron_fournier amp; NYTimesDowd think Obama should "somehow" overcome GOP intransigence. Sigh 
Pundits blaming Obama for GOP intransigence should read Pat Toomey's concession re: guns 
Vitter, Inhofe want to know if EPA chats with Sierra Club. I want to know if Vitter, Inhofe chat with ExxonMobil 
The House GOP conference isn't just "in chaos"; it's arguably broken amp; beyond repair 
Did Mitch McConnell's campaign pay to artificially inflate his YouTube views? I have a hunch 
Striking bookends: House GOP targets National Science Foundation, Obama celebrates Natl Academy of Sciences 
Arizona's Jan Brewer may not fully appreciate the point of gun-buyback programs 
A welcome sight RT ThePlumLineGS: Conservative Michael Gerson admits it: GOP is in the grip of post-policy nihilism 
Jeff Flake blames PPP for his unpopularity A true craftsman never blames his poll numbers... 
13 years later, the consequences of Sandra Day O'Connor's Bush/Gore regrets matter 
Good for him (and good for sports and US culture, too) RT mattyglesias: Jason Collins is the first out NBA player: 
Kristol on a US war in Syria: "You've got to do what you've got to do" McCain, Graham went even further 
Be sure to read this one RT CitizenCohn: Will implementing Obamacare be easy? No. Will it be a train wreck? No. 
The Great 2013 Sunday Show Race: John McCain narrowly leads Lindsey Graham, 9 appearances to 8 
saquin Following up on your note from the other day: Thanks again for letting me know 
Maybe it's time remove Gohmert from the House Subcommittee on Terrorism amp; Homeland Security? 
The more the right targets Planned Parenthood, the more Obama celebrates its work with video 
SimonMaloy Actually, it'll be McCain's 9th Sunday show appearance of the year, not his 7th. Email me and I can send you the list. 
Lesson from new economic data: unnecessary govt spending cuts are doing real harm (with chart) 
The Senate is a lumbering, dysfunctional mess - except when it really cares about an issue 
saquin Thanks for the heads-up; I'll let the tech team know. 
ENDA, reintroduced today, is hardly a sure thing, but its odds of success have never been better 
White House ready to take a smarter, healthier approach to the "war on drugs" It's about time 
Eric Cantor cooked up a clever scheme to gut Obamacare. Odd twist: the House GOP balked 
LivingLarkin I appreciate the support, Jon. I'm open to writing a book, except for 1 thing: I'd miss blog writing, even if it's temporary 
Not sure Bush backers have thought through the wisdom of "he kept us safe except for 9/11" 
Good news: Rand Paul clarifies his stance on drone strikes in US. Bad news: he's still confused 
It's discouraging to realize there's still a Glenn Beck wing of the Republican Party 
Unexpected: Rand Paul OK with exec branch using drones against Americans on US soil Stand with Rand? 
QuietAmerican55 ThePlumLineGS Watch the clip; listen to what he says about the suspected liquor store robber; then get back to me. 
The trouble with Rand Paul amp; drones: he may not even understand the basics of the debate with video 
This is a rather clever move RT brianbeutler: Harry Reid tests GOP outrage over airport delays 
DanielStrauss4 I thought about that, but Flake began emphasizing the nuance in January, long before there was a Graham-Begich bill. 
Did Sen Jeff Flake (R-AZ) mislead a grieving mother? It depends how you define "background check" 
Yep RT ThePlumLineGS: Death of Toomey-Manchin is only the latest example of how radicalized today's GOP has become 
With Baucus out, Senate poised to lose 42 members since '09 That's a whole lot of turnover 
Science shot Science chaser 
I'm a day late on this, but the more I think about Maureen Dowd's column, the worse it seems 
RLAlitheia Thanks for catching this and letting me know. It's correct now. 
When signing an anti-abortion bill, Kansas' Brownback wrote "Jesus + Mary" on the legislation  
rayk58 Sorry, Ray, about this week's PoliscifiRadio. Bill had a memorial service to attend, but we'll hope to catch you next week. 
The more Obama admin ignores advice from John McCain amp; Lindsey Graham, the better 
American citizen; American soil; American Constitution RT JuddLegum: Tsarnaev was Mirandized by FBI, according to NBC. Sorry GrahamBlog 
NBC: Suspect in custody; he's alive. "It's over." 
mattyglesias It was via Bing, actuallly I was surprised, too 
Didn't think it was possible to connect Boston developments to abortion amp; gays. I stand corrected 
Fertilizer plant in West, Texas, had "no alarms, automatic shutoff system or firewall." Oh my 
Video: if you missed Obama at the Interfaith Service in Boston, it's worth checking out 
Yep RT ThePlumLineGS: On immigration, Republicans get a taste of being on the receiving end of Tea Party delusions 
I'm amazed there's even a debate as to which party is responsible for the demise of gun reforms 
