text 
Nicole_Cliffe on my phone, on the couch, in DC, FLIPPING OUT 
Game of Crones 
Walking to Grand Central, I passed a guy whistling "Purple Rain" and then found this. I  NY. 
Read trymainelee's amazing story about meeting Prince on his timeline right now. 
Do you like podcasts? Do you like food? Do you like actual, on-the-ground reporting? You should be listening to Gastropodcast. 
lizzieohreally Was one of them "VALHALLA!" 
The dictatorships of the 20th century still cast a long shadow in Brazil: and South Korea: 
I got: You are 60 Bernie Sanders! Yeah, seems about right. 
"This isn't a welfare facilityit's a concentration camp." 
South Korea covered up mass abuse amp; killings of "vagrants" before the '88 Olympics. This is absolutely horrifying: 
Never read the comments never read the comments never read the comments never read the comments...unless you're reading TheToast. 
"In the 1st quarter of 2016, 85 cents of every new dollar spent in online advertising will go to Google or Facebook" 
Dilma's impeachment is a farce amp; should worry anyone who wants Brazil to be a democracy. 
Brazil has swung between lefty populism and far-right authoritarianism for most of its modern history. It's stomach-wrenching to see this. 
JFC. 
"The text was essentially Get me my bleeping burrito you bleeping burrito, or Ill bleepity bleep you.  
"A bit of outrage is good, but having your only rhetorical register as outrage is always going to be unsuccessful." 
"The Battle Over the Sea-Monkey Fortune" by Jack Hitt. CLICK. 
kaysteiger bahns mi 
In the CDC's official sepsis acrostic, the I stands for I feel like I might die. 
lizzieohreally best sentence: "Medusa, who is kept on show at 'The Edge of Hell Haunted House' in Kansas City, could now lose her title." 
annfriedman and aminatou rocking DC like it's 2009 -- packed house for callyrgf live at 6th amp; I:  
HyperbolicTelly 1aprildaniels I know, right?? 
PSA: Mama bald eagle feeding the baby eagles on the eagle cam right now: 
Wolves on a treadmill! For science, no less. Happy Friday! 
elspethreeve omg elle 
"This show is appropriate for all ages, but may be more interesting for children ages 10 and up." 
mallelis knives on countertop at belly-stabbing height. being a fraud. parabens. 
sullivanamy Same. 
Oh god, why are we talking about watermelons? Do I want to even know? I should probably just close Twitter right now. 
a pregnant woman who survives a suicide attempt may find herself receiving, not...treatment, but a murder charge." 
katzish Sad forsythia! :( 
I'll say this: The WSJ knows its readership. 
That is a lot of holes, Mr. Cruz said. Its hole-y matzo. There we go! The joke killed in this room. 
TheRealWBTC lt;3 
jbouie Is there a reboot? I loved the 1990s version as a kid. 
Sigh. 
So many great lines in rtraister's latest. Cant decide which to tweet, so just read the whole thing: 
"There just doesnt seem to be any Trump organization at all." How a weak ground game could derail his nomination: 
nicole_soojung ! Which ones? That sounds lovely. 
cc: jonathanchait 
Actual LOL 
Definitely, actually owned this book as a kid. and this one 
Mondays are better workflowdc 
amandahess, baller. 
I went to Bridge Street Books in Georgetown for the first time, and their poetry selection is amazing. 
 this list of DC's indie/used bookstores.  
femsplain darth same 
SarahAWildman yes!! Have a great weekend. Yay workflowdc! 
h/t and OMFG chrisgeidner  
Gotta go, guys! My planet needs me: 
Batman vs. Superman was such a horror show that BenjySarlin tore himself away from 2016 to write about it:  
SarahAWildman Hi, coworker! 
AdamReports always knew Minions were evil. And now here they are, wreaking havoc upon all the land: 
katienotopoulos jwherrman socarolinesays Choire my runner up: Danny Berenstain 
socarolinesays Choire Zach Chemtrails 
emmaroller it is!! Come on down. 
Someone had the brilliant idea of turning a yoga studio into a co-working space during off hours flowyogacenter: 
This is the strongest case of discrimination against women athletes in violation of law that I have ever seen. 
NickBaumann I actually go there pretty regularly for shopping and haircuts. You can take the girl out of Westchester... 
NickBaumann Well, then I welcome my new less-rich bro overlords. 
NickBaumann BROS COMIN' 
As a writer, I tend to be wary of "storytelling" innovations. But AnnaHolmes jams like this have made me reconsider 
So psyched to see what AnnaHolmes does with her new venture at First Look. Congrats all around: 
Birthday greetings from  are the weirdest. 
timothypmurphy Maybe the story below it will draw them in 
MJSchulman VanityFair So great! And what an incredible cover photo. Can't wait to read. 
Congrats to AlecMacGillis on the Toner Prize! This piece, among many others, has stayed w/me ever since he wrote it 
Public Safety GIF: 
The first installment of my newsletter came out today! Read it here: Subscribe here: 
ebruenig Nicole_Cliffe lt;3333 
My first newsletter comes out today! You can sign up here: 
minakimes ClickHole "talented woman" 
Ok, the Bernie bird thing is a million times better than I thought it would be. 
ObsoleteDogma Slow clap 
AnnaTheHecker Story of my life. Also: hi! Hope you're well. 
Most serene response to an interview request ever: "Monday at 9am works. Please call my office line... Until then may you be at peace." 
In defense of the New York Times trend piece. 
Corrected headline: "Jff Bzs sggstd rmvng ll th vwls frm Wshngtn Pst strs" 
The one where you get the hiccups 5 minutes before a radio interview. GAH (hic) 
irin NotoriousRBG OMG this photo 
My 2012 piece on what Paul Ryan learned (and what he didn't) from Jack Kemp: 
In 1921, a ship vanished w/56 men on board. Their families never knew what happenedtil now: 
One of the greatest maritime mysteries of all time has finally been solved.My first piece for SmithsonianMag: 
Nearly 100 years ago, a Navy ship disappeared without a tracewith all 56 men on board. It's just been found. 
"My wife is Asian" seems to be the new "some of my best friends are black." cc: elteng12 
"More white actresses have won Oscars for playing Asian characters than Asian actresses have won at all." elteng12: 
"What do you say when you almost killed a patient? I was a horror show." Read sarahkliff's latest deep dive: 
NekoCase ! We saw your 2014 Halloween show in DC and still talk about your amazing Adam Ant costume. Also lt;3 all the animal pix you post. 
[siren] New NekoCase single! (With KD Lang and Laura Veirs, to boot.) [siren] 
AskAManager GovJedi RealEvilHRLady Thanks! Super helpful. I'll pass it on. 
Anxious about Trump? Foreign ambassadors to the U.S. are getting really worried. 
Link-sharing, circa 1958: 
kaysteiger Thanks so much, Kay! 
(This seems totally crazy to me -- and she's told him she wasn't comfortable already -- but the hiring manager keeps insisting.) 
Asking for a friend: Is it ever appropriate for a potential employer to ask to speak to your current boss as part of the job app process? 
sarahstirfry !!! I've never seen him. Tips? 
"black people who sell pot are dangerous criminals and white people who do the same are goofy hippies" 
Goddamnit, Tubbs. 
timothypmurphy Right? It's so evocative. I can see it on a t-shirt. cc: darth 
The only bracket I care about: Name of the Year! My early faves: Onno Hoes, Muna Tuna, Taco Pope 
"Following up on a post in Medium by a writer who goes by the handle The Broken Ravioli..."  
Cruz may be the alternative to Trump, but he's hardly the anti-Trump. Meet some of the extremists advising him: 
juliachanb mtigas paging conductor whiskers 
stephenrodrick but it was given out as a stunt at a DNC so doesn't really count 
dfreelon congrats!!!!!'  
shani_o mat "Says" is always preferable, unless there's a compelling reason to use another word. Everything else is shaded w/added meaning 
(Of course my main contribution to our Peep Diorama was aggregating quotes.) 
LIFE ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED 
National Park Service's (404) error page is on point. 
I'm launching a newsletter at the end of the week! You can sign up here: 
So...old white dude is the sacrificial lamb? 
nycjim theretronaut You mean...Broseph Stalin? 
ohmeags ugh gross 
Seems like a good a time as ever to share this: A Burial Machine That Will Freeze Your Corpse, Vibrate It to Dust. 
"Disgusting reporters." Corey Lewandowski claps. 
 also brought local/national lefty groups together-- MoveOn, DFA, National People's Action, Working Families all wanted her out. 
Kim Foxx's win is a prime example of what "political revolution" can actually look like.  
The  campaign brought together BLM activists and pro-Bernie econ populists together in Chicago. Powerful. 
smkeyes ugh primaries are weird 
So...how's Alan Grayson doing? 
KNIVES OUT 
Florida, man. 
Sammysgranny Ha! I admit I was a little confused by the first tweet, but assumed it was a folk remedy. 
Paging rtraister 
JessicaTaylor Yuuuuge 
Welp, good time to sprain my ankle and be homebound for days. 
Bernie fans rallying around  to oust state's attorney in Cook County, calling for need to focus downballot: 
byjoelanderson yep 
Unexpected, poignant photos from the campaign trail by the great dguttenfelder: 
nikkiusher Um: 
Finally got around to reading this Vox piece on the rise of American authoritarianism. Worth your time: 
Watch the livestream of "Hamilton" at the White House to feel great about America again: 
why why why. WHY. 
"Many of us remember what America used to be like, and dont care to go back." 
Hillary will be on Wednesday's episode of "Broad City" (If she says "Yaasas Queen" RIP me.) 
NYT edit board says Bernie's "revolution" must go downballot to succeed: My original piece: 
Writing, explained: Oscillating wildly between the terror of someone reading your work and the terror of no one reading your work. 
How police (and prosecutors) are using Internet shaming to crack down on prostitution: 
Sesame Street does Bone Thugs-N-Harmony: Happy Friday! 
Should we publicly shame men who buy sex? These officials think so: 
How public shaming on the Internet has become a crime-fighting weapon. My latest:  
rtraister My college dorm room, circa 1999. 
nikkiusher read elspethreeve: 
Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Trump voters don't know what they're doing. They know exactly what they're doing. 
"nothing short of Trump shooting my daughter in the street...[is] going to dissuade me from voting for Trump" 
How CPAC foreshadowed Donald Trumps takeover of the GOP: 
Trump campaign's misspellings are a deliberate ploy to get more tweets while also relating to the Average Joe, yes? 
What's the German word for the mixture of queasiness amp; relief upon reading Gmail Drafts you are so grateful you didn't send at the time? 
"One question Trump had no doubt on: whether he would commit brutal amp; illegal acts of terror against civilians" 
jeetheer on the history of America's obsession with the presidential phallus: 
I know it's the new darling/unicorn/savior of social, but my FB timeline is completely swamped with video, which is why I'm on Twitter now. 
OK, Content Creators -- chill already with the Facebook videos. 
I missed the debate, and now everyone's talking about Trump's penis and Cruz's boogers...Going back into hiding. See y'all in 2017! 
"My support for Trump will never be stronger now...I smashed Marco Rubio audio book discs"  
"It wasn't until the rehearsals..that her parents heard the entirety of the joke for the 1st time. But they had already signed the contract" 
JFC 
Reading Dahlialithwick's latest just makes me want to run around my apartment arms raised, yelling "YAAASS QUEEN" 
A teen told her boyfriend to commit suicide. Does that make her a killer? Fantastic, disturbing read by marincogan: 
brycecovert thanks, Bryce! 
The biggest test of Bernie's political revolution is whether the movement he started can survive without him.  
Can Berniementum have a life beyond Bernie? My first piece for the NYT: 
I'm so sorry to see MHarrisPerry leave MSNBC. She showed what TV *could be*, but so seldom is. I felt lucky to be part of the conversation. 
Well, this sure is constructive. 
Today's reading: rtraister's new book! Can't wait to crack this open. 
Hooray 1) Investigative journalists! 2) Editors! 3) Newspapers! 4) The rest of us journalists who get to feel good anyway! 
Man, it's just lt;cricketsgt; when it comes to anti-Asian racism. Even on  night. 
Was that another anti-Asian joke just then, from Baron Cohen/Ali G? I can't. No. 
Context: Biden helped write the original Violence Against Women Act 
dguttenfelder--the photographer in that Squarespace ad--is an incredible photojournalist: 
Endorse! 
Words to strike terror in your heart: "The Minions are on their way" 
WITNESS ME, ACADEMY!! 
JOURNALISM, redux! 
JOURNALISM! 
[nervous laughter] 
alittlelilypad also trans rights and viability 
alittlelilypad HIV treatment and health care! 
Black Lives Matter protest for LGBT rights in DC right now. On Trump: "we have a crazy man almost at the helm of the White House." 
Trump didn't hijack the GOP; he's a natural outgrowth of the party. Read joshtpm 
Wish Rand Paul could have stuck around for that Apple debate. 
Carson: "I was saying boooo-urns." 
Trump/Bigly 2016 
High-risk pools...Bueller? The moderators did a terrible job on that exchange over the individual mandate and pre-existing conditions. 
The GOP's magical thinking around pre-existing conditions is making me lose my mind. 
Ahem, "one of the newspapers" = NEW YORK TIMES 
Candidates' opening statements: Carson: DOOM Kasich: Hope Rubio: Hope Cruz: Hope Trump: DOOM + Hope 
lizzieohreally jaycaspiankang mattbuchanan I always thought - Seltzer: big bubbles, mineral water: smaller bubbles. 
People4Bernie Thanks so much for spreading the word -- I've been overwhelmed by the number of responses. 
Looking to interview Bernie supporters who aren't strongly affiliated with a party, esp. those in purple/red states -- email's in my bio. 
Can't wait for the premiere of LizzyShaps's new show on the History Channel tomorrow, alongside Dan Harmon's latest 
No, money can't always buy elections. But it can buy influence. 
Good day for Congrats Twitter. Good job, media industry. 
!!! lt;air horngt; !!! 
Huge congrats, amandahess! I know David Carr would be thrilled. 
ClareMalone Portrait of the Bernie as an Old Muppet 
The Jeb gets contacts thing is making me sadder than it should. 
The Holtzclaw dumpster fire is "an exemplary failure of the longform economy...that length is tantamount to quality" 
Great piece on the crack-up at Zenefits and what's wrong with Silicon Valley right now. fmanjoo: 
JamilSmith They appear to have taken the whole story down. 
bradplumer elspethreeve TeenNR! It finally happened, at long last. 
pita_gooora NekoCase No no no no no no no no no 
Cannot wait to dig into elspethreeve's opus on Tumblr teens -- the perfect pairing of writer and subject. 
(Couldn't figure out whether he was delighted, alarmed, or comforted by the Trump-Jackson thing.) 
Business bro at the Four Seasons: "They're comparing Trump and Andrew Jackson!" 
EricThurm Seriously :( Got the update from none other than Adam Weisler. 
Just learned that my high-school newspaper has gone from weekly to *quarterly*--only four issues a year. Ugh ugh ugh. cc: nikkiusher 
LukeRussert Endorse! 
"Cape Breton Island, where health care is free, you know your neighbours and they look out for you, and nobody has a hand gun!" 
Exit strategy: 
"officials flagged him as an 'undocumented dog,' and security ejected him from the building"  
Team Charlie  
Correction: 'Murica. 
Woman next to me is reading "The Archeology of Medieval Bookbinding." Academia is weird. 
Congrats, Jamil! 
rebleber Wooo congrats! 
Well, that was fast. 
JoshuaGreen Bernie/Manacles 2016 
Ok, TV off now. See you guys next year. 
Ladies win. 
QUEEENNNNN 
I miss Katy Perry. 
"Gubernatorial is an ugly word that can almost always be avoided." 
NOOOOOO 
omfg 
Ted_Scheinman Ha! I'm more of a "pacing around like a maniac while on the phone" kind of journalist. 
Yikes. 
A new (used) bookstore is opening in Petworth this weekend!  
Um. 
Sticker Guy:Hillary / Left Shark:Katy Perry. 
Womp womp 
Incoming from the Bernie campaign: "Tonight we accomplished the impossible." 
Bernie is never not himself. 
Ha, was that actual sarcasm from Bernie? 
Radical Idear 2016 
O'Malley won!....the respect of the American people. 
Bernie is so smiley! 
'mentum! 'mentum for everyone! 
Agreed. 
So, we'll have four victory speeches tonight? 
morningmoneyben Now or Never, dude 
Gah this crowd feedback loop on CNN is killing me. 
Trump: "I might come here and buy a farm." Sad face. 
Humbled Trump seems a little...low energy. 
OMG, I think it's happening. 
Would be awesome if Trump also just gave a flat-out victory speech. Everyone's a winner! 
daveweigel Per aseitzwald, I'd lean -gate: 
General Election Marco focused his whole faux victory speech on Clinton/Bernie. One mention of Cruz. Zero mention of Trump. 
The NARRATIVE! 
Oh wait, Ted Cruz won? No kidding, Marco. 
Marco's 3rd place speech is just a straight-out victory speech. 
Andrea Mitchell says top Clinton staffers tells her they've declared victory. She stresses that NBC hasn't called it yet. 
Congresswoman sponsors federal anti-swatting bill...then gets swatted. cc: PJVogt AGoldmund jfagone 
alexanderchee amazon Huge congrats. Was lucky to get my hands on an advance copy, excited that tomorrow's the big day! 
If you need more convincing: Jessica Jones x Queen of the Night 
alexanderchee's Queen of the Night is an intoxicating, beautifully wrought, epic adventure. Released tomorrow! 
My earlier piece on how Bernie's unruly digital army is trying to police itself: 
EvanMcSan Bernie campaign apologizes to Clinton staff for Bernie Bros' trolling: 
So, basically the Konmari method: 
Thoughtful piece from annfriedman on whether we should name and shame workplace predators: 
 Twitter savants: mikafrak brianbeutler HeerJeet bijanstephen 
That's  lmlauramarsh! Who is fabulously smart, and reads more books than you do. 
 The fab alex_shephard elspethreeve ebruenig JamilSmith rebleber michellelegro mlauramarsh if you know what's good for you. 
Special thanks especially to my editors: rkearney ambelenky theodoreross RyuSpaeth gabrielsnyder and Bob Moser. 
I'm grateful to have worked with some incredibly talented folks. 
I'm going to be writing features-- including a big one for TNR that's slated to come out in a few weeks! So stay tuned... 
Some personal news: I've decided to leave The New Republic. 
jeffwilser thought of your book immediately on reading this: 
igorbobic mlcalderone womp womp 
Paging rtraister 
"first tweeted by Ezra Klein" 
jennydeluxe printer ink, Han Solo frozen in carbonite ice cube tray 
attackerman AdamSerwer Broseph Stalin. 
It Me etc. 
"Officials did not identify the dogs name or age." 
ericrich Another Marty gem from tonight: 
What's the use of watching all those post-apocalyptic movies if there's never an apocalypse? 
"In his new ad, Bernie...is running as the Obama of 2008, even as Clinton takes up the mantle of Obama in 2016" 
NewRepublic Hey Andy! What's Cruz's biggest challenge right now, amp; do you think  tactics would help/hurt him overcome it? 
"Please contact Stacey Barton...if you are interested in adopting Bernie Sanders."  
This crowdsourcing app looks very cool -- definitely beats my random Twitter queries: 
Ach NOOOOO 
Does the plummeting market "represent the rational kind of fear or the irrational kind of fear"? Read Neil_Irwin: 
"If they still sold cars with manual locks and windows, that's what Bernie would have." 
To Fend Off Bernie, Hillary Bear-Hugs Obama: 
Hillary finally puts some passion into her pragmatism. My debate wrap: 
Good on Hillary for bringing up Flint. 
Are the moderators seriously not going to bring up reproductive rights and the Hyde amendment? 
Bernie is trying to brand his tax hike as a health insurance premium. In reality, it's both. 
SEND MONEY PLS - O'Malley 
Wait, who calls it "9 1 1"? 
Don't think talking over the moderators is a good look for Bernie. 
Hillary: "Youngs and olds of the world, unite!" 
Nothing makes me feel older than listening to that YouTube guy 
Is Bernie's voice going to make it to the end of the debate? 
Bernie seems not just angry, but aggravated, and it shows. 
Americker 
Hillary's big problem right now isn't her negative attacks -- it's her lack of a compelling vision for the country: 
HI I'M MARTIN O'MALLEY AND I'M THE YOUNGEST PERSON HERE HI HELLO 
A president who can do all aspects of the job isn't the most heart-quickening message I've ever heard.... 
Noahpinion 5. AF 
kevinroose raju I prefer to think of myself as a "language optimizer" TBH 
Zikapocalypse Now 
OH on Amtrak right now: "Are you going to wear a polo shirt, governor?" 
Aw, Lindsey. 
michaelluo NYTMetro I'd love a story asking ordinary New Yorkers what they think New York values really are. 
Shorter GOP: BE SCARED BE VERY SCARED 
In Iowa, "Sanders lead among men most concerned about the economy has exploded from 15 to 32 points." 
Where's the projectile vomit emoji when you need it 
Takes on takes on takes on takes 
Shorter Obama: "We dont need to Make America Great Again, because America Is Great Already." Me on SOTU: 
What's the official transcription for (Hubbubububub) in the chamber 
SOTU quotes are from the prepared remarks that the White House released here: 
A+ mustard yellow. 
O: "Anyone claiming that Americas economy is in decline is peddling fiction." (Cough, Trump, cough cough) 
Key SOTU line: "Will we respond to the changes of our time with fear, turning inward as a nation, amp; turning against each other as a people?" 
ericuman It me. 
irin Too late 
Huh. "76 of Clinton backers 'strongly support' their candidate, compared with 66 of Sanders voters." 
"Twice as many Americans died from drug overdoses in 2014 as in 2000." 
What's the overlap, if any, between Pizza Rat truthers and Obama crying truthers? 
I don't say this often, as the word as become virtually meaningless...but this is, uh, problematic: 
A lot more laughter in the presser than I would have expected. 
Obama seems to be striking a casual, it's really-no-big-deal tone to make his measures sound more common sense, less scary. 
Congrats, NYMag and TheCut, for landing the fabulously talented megreenwell: 
Welcome back darth! We missed you. You're here just in time to meet KyloR3n. 
Uh, this only applies to Twitter ads and promoted tweets.  
"Newspapers with a circulation of less than 50,000 typically employ 0 reporters of color in their newsrooms" 
jeneps at least they're on sale? 
Huge issues not brought up in this debate: Climate change, immigration. What else? 
Ugh, I hate this spouse question. 
Moderators cut off paid leave exchange between Hillary amp; Bernie --gt; H's refusal to explain how she'll pay for it goes under-examined. 
What is up with this interim sideline commentary? It's only a 2 hour debate, for chrissake. 
The moderators should just let Bernie and Hillary keep going at it. Why not? 
Funny Bernie! More of this please. 
Would watch a supercut of all the microaggressions against O'Malley in this debate. 
Bernie could have driven "regime change" point home further--Clinton's Syria plan is essentially the same as Jeb's. 
O'Malley's "I would disagree, somewhat, with one of my colleagues" is a pretty good summary of the whole Dem primary 
Outrage Bernie tonight -- pret-ty, pret-ty good. 
Erh, I meant "pat on the head." A hat on the head would be pretty good, too. 
That was basically a verbal hat on the head from the moderators. 
Bernie: Please get this man some Xanax. 
HULK O'MALLEY SMASH 
Anyone who was actually planning on watching this debate has already flipped over to NCIS at this point. 
DNC says a Sanders staffer "tried to delete the notes they made recording their accessing of Clinton campaign data" 
Ehhh... 
cc: aaronpaul_8 
Good explainer of what voter files really are, amp; why Sanders lockout is such a draconian punishment: 
drvox good successor to the Medium Chill. 
Mast Brothers + Shkreli +...who's next? Santa's really delivering on the schadenfreude. 
This is Hillary's biggest problem when it comes to campaigning on the economy: 
jmooallem 9. Yassss 10.  11. Same. 12. Bruh 
Peak Schadenfreude? 
Jeb Bush's empty triumph over Donald Trump: 
Jeb is running heard to be the Not Insane candidate for 2016: 
*Our* Internet? 
Carson's punt was the saddest punt. 
Theaaater. 
Christie's breaking the fourth wall again...his stare's a little intense. 
Will nobody on this stage mention that LA bomb threat was a hoax?? Let's focus on the threats that are real, folks. 
Shorter Jeb: Trump is a chaos muppet. 
ByronTau TNR: Melt Shop 
"Competent" seems like a pretty low bar to clear. 
ruairiak drvox Same. 
The intense GOP contest to be "not insane" in New Hampshire: 
About 17 of Americans 12 or older listened to a podcast in the past month. ! 
Well done, HuffPostHill: "Candidate Strong, Like Bull." 
On MSNBC from 8 to 10 am this morning, talking about all manner of things with RichardLui. 
Yasssss 
The gun-control movement's latest solution to political gridlock: ballot initiatives. 
daudig 
daudig Well, there is 1) here from kate_sheppard's timeless listicle... 
The NRA's real power doesn't come from campaign contributions. From leedrutman: 
Wait, what? 
MJSchulman Awesome, congrats! 
A lot of people are losing their st over this bird. 
How shuffling off this mortal coil became a 2016 issue: 
EmilyRPeck Tried to click through to the paternity leave poll link in yr story -- got an 404 error message? 
Krampus, the Babadook of Christmas. 
EricMGarcia Congrats! 
Trump mocks the physical appearance of a reporter who suffers from a congenital disease. 
I'm out of outrage. And yet... 
Surreal mix of tweets about McDonald's horrific execution and live updates from a Trump rally. America 2015. 
The cat is still there. 
Maybe the cat is supposed to be there. 
Commenter: "Ah, a rare photo of the elusive anti terror operative, le chat blanc." 
A worthy successor to the Duck Army vine. 
Trey Gowdy has had it with DC, he tells marincogan: 
Bernieland calls Hillary's tax ideas "Republican-lite." That's pretty much what she's going for. 
"Previous generations fretted about the world having too many people. Todays problem is too few." 
Here's how Ted Cruz could win the GOP nomination: 
How Grover Norquist helped sink David Vitter: 
:( RT fmanjoo: Scaring your cat with a cucumber could cause lasting psychological damage 
Thanks to Trump, this has become a political contest about national identity: What sort of country is America? 
bsdtectr My deep dive explaining Dems' off-cycle woes: 
While the lefts agenda keeps growing more more ambitious, its ability to enact that agenda is diminishing. 
The Left's Green Lantern Problem: 
RT emma_sandoe: Interesting! Alabama considering a cigarette tax to pay for Medicaid expansion. 
The daveweigel effect. RT _cingraham: "brah" is on the decline, "bruh" is rising 
So...what anti-Chinese racial slur did Ben Carson's foreign policy adviser use? 
Inside Gawker: Were finding out who got laid off by looking at the list of disabled Slack accounts." 
Adele's latest song is pretty...meh.  
JamesACarleton sorry I missed u -- I'm available tomorrow morning EST but guessing that will be too late. My email khimmnewrepublic.com 
At least Rick Scott admits that states don't have the authority to stop the feds from resettling Syrian refugees: 
We got a preview of General Election Hillary tonight: 
Clinton has been working on this Black Live Matter answer. Tonight was a reprise of last Friday: 
Hillary's bottom line in the primary: "I just want to make sure we ultimately get results." 
Clinton takes a page from the EliLake playbook.  
My piece on what another Democratic president could actually do through executive action: 
Hillary: "all of the other issues we want to deal with depends on us being secure and strong"diametrically opposed to Bernie's opening. 
samala Hi, I write for The New Republic amp; would love to talk for a piece on Asian American activism. Best email? I'm at khimmtnr.com 
I was only vaguely aware of some David Brooks-related outrage floating around Twitter today. I finally clicked through. Gah. 
mariancw Woah, didn't see the news about your awesome new job -- congrats! 
Never mind Matt Bevin. Add Alabama to the list of deep-red states that might expand Medicaid: 
Read kenvogel on big liberal donors looking at Black Lives Matter--gets to big Qs about the movement's future: 
Despite the Dems sweeping promises for 2016, the path to progressive change will be far more narrow. 
At least a philosophy degree could help you answer Baby Hitler questions. 
+1! RT jimtankersley: Minimum wage activists have already changed the game. Great lydiadepillis analysis: 
This is real weird. via feliciasonmez 
Anyone have a link to a running debate transcript? 
Trump's New York roots showing -- people waiting "on line" instead of "in line." 
Jeb just seems like he's rambling... 
Carson told none other than johnjharwood that he would "probably" raise the minimum wage back in May: 
So...Carson and Trump both think that wages are too high. 
Ppilalas Thanks for flagging--It's now been corrected. 
SarahNEmerson Sic 'em, Bruna! 
I think my astigmatism is too bad for Virtual Reality 1.0  
dylanmatt JoshuaGreen DLind I was about to say, that seems like a pretty advanced Sport Joke for dylanmatt. 
Hillary's best moment at MSNBC's Democratic forum was a missed opportunity for Bernie: 
Never mind West Point. Here's why Ben Carson's trouble with the truth really matters: 
Guess my cover's blown. 
Had a great time BinderCon today talking about gender and political journalism with AlexisGelber katieglueck lauren_kelley. 
How the politics of disgust killed that Houston ordinance: 
Hillary "The fact is I am dodging it." Well, at least that's honest. 
H: "I am an extra-introvert." How's that for triangulation? 
I know it's partly because of the Qs, but the difference between Clinton and Sanders on criminal justice is really striking. 
Hillary: Death penalty for terrorists? Yeah probs OK. Non-terrorists? Eh, not so much. 
Throwback photo was a big present with bow on it for Bernie, letting him play up his civil rights record. 
Yuuuge! 
More on Bernie's bipartisan dealmaker cred: 
This actually pretty awesome. Free Bernie! 
Free points for media-bashing woooo 
Bernie: "Am I really Larry David?" 
So far Bernie has only given passing mention to social/criminal justice...a bit surprised given the audience/state. 
alittlelilypad Thanks, Lily! Appreciate your reading for all this time. 
The fight for LGBT equality has become a battle of Normalcy vs. Disgust. 
Michael Warner was right: "In America, 'normal' probably outranks all other social aspirations." 
Pope Francis's Vision for Family Leave: the most ebruenig story that ever ebruenig-ed: 
Obama rejects Keystone XLand secures his environmental legacy. Read rebleber: 
Why Democrats perform so badly in off-year elections: 
marincogan Christian side hug. 
megreenwell edited incredible ESPN stories that I--the most non-sports person ever--was always eager to read. Whoever hires her is lucky. 
RT politicalwire: Wow another poll shows Edwards crushing Vitter in the LA-Gov race 
The Age of Smarm. RT mashable Twitter is replacing favorites with likes -- which means hearts instead of stars 
For years, Reagan National Airport has served as a de facto homeless shelter. That's about to change: 
replyall episode on Jeb's new book must be in the works, right? Cc: agoldmund pjvogt 
CNBC's debate questions were extremely substantive. brianbeutler explains why: 
timkmak next law amp; order? 
French town introduces public short story dispensers for bored locals. Love this. 
--gt; 
Was hoping the whole Zola thing was a weird Internet meme about 19th century novels. Was wrong. 
Last night's debate was an exercise in economic fantasy. 
How Marco Rubio avoids the truth: 
The award for smartestand most deceptivedodge of debate night goes to Marco Rubio. 
justkarl nickconfessore Yes, that's consistent with what I tweeted the first time in this chain! 
People: "Middle income" is not "bottom 10." Harwood asked about the former; Rubio answered with the latter. That is all. 
Tax Foundation economist --gt; 
The rub is that Rubio's plan (per Tax Foundation) does benefit poorest 10 more than top 1--but not the middle class. 
Video of exchange between Harwood and Rubio on taxes, btw: 
On that, Harwood cited Tax Found correctly. Even w/dynamic scoring, top 1 benefits twice as much as middle income. 
Conservatives going crazy w/this Harwood tweet. But he didn't ask Rubio about bottom 1-he asked about middle income 
Trump: I'm the unpredictable guy with a gun!  
Wait wait wait why didn't Quick call Trump out for lying?! 
nikkiusher Except for the part where he signed Norquist's anti-tax increase pledge and closed abortion clinics all across Ohio... 
Tax Foundation analysis that Rubio denied: "After-tax income increases would be 17.8 on average..27.9 for the highest 1" 
Jebzzzzz 
My debate wrap: Warm kiss. Colorado brownies. Hot gas. 
BLIMP ANALOGY.    
Just stand by your questions, moderators! Jeez. 
Rubio amp; vocational training--one of only econ policy ideas mentioned tonight that isn't just cut taxes/shrink gov't. 
Cruz bemoans the plight of single mothers and poor women but doesn't offer a solution other than BIG GOVERNMENT BAD. 
Was that the first mention of "the middle class" in this debate? In Jeb's last answer. 
Privatizing Social Security! Deficit-busting tax cuts! This election has been terrible for Jeb, but great for rehabbing his brother's agenda 
Huckabee: Get your government hands off my Medicare! 
So far, CNBC moderators try to confront Trump and Carson with reality behind their fantasy  and they just plug their ears. Good talk. 
Jeb's trying to go after Bush on the cost of his tax plan...but his own plan is estimated to cost $3.6 trillion. 
Trump: "Larry Kudlow loves my tax plan." Truth! Kudlow was just saying before the debate that his tax cuts would pay for themselves. 
NewRepublic's debate liveblog is up and running here: 
The CNBC banter is killing me 
Really want the giant puppets out on the lawn to have their own debate. 
The pathos of the GOP undercard debate, by HeerJeet: 
Here's the biggest question that every GOP candidate has still failed to answer on economy: 
Meanwhile, in Bernieland... 
"In some cases, married working women with children seem to be earning more than [those] without children." 
Clemson poll shows Hillary leading Bernie 43 to 6 in South Carolina. 50 still undecided. 
Compare/contrast the 2016 candidates' tax plans, courtesy of TaxPolicyCenter: 
Good on lennyletter for profiling a *statehouse candidate* in a race that could help Dems flip Virginia Senate: 
Good context from dylanmatt on why Sherrod Brown's endorsement of Hillary is a real loss for Bernie: 
Bernie campaign is ramping up in Mass., Georgia, Colorado, Minnesota, N. Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Alabama etc: 
"Last spring, a U.S. District Court judge in Michigan was asked to rule on the meaning of :-P. 
BuzzFeed withdraws from SXSW after the festival capitulates to  trolls: 
Republicans still don't have a middle-class agenda: 
Curious to see exactly how Bernie will respond to the proposed changes to Social Security Disability in the budget deal... 
Happy publication day, irin! Glowing review of Notorious RBG here: Buy it here: 
The economy barely came up in the first two GOP debates. That'll change on Weds.and Republicans have a problem: 
Details on budget's SSDI changes: "requiring all states to have doctors review initial disability applications" 
Sherrod Brown, liberal stalwart, endorses Hillary: DeBlasio's next: Not good for Bernieland. 
Inbox: "RSVP to  at FSR's 'Making Retirement Great Again' Event." Nope nope nope nope 
Oh no. Just realized this means Baby Hitler Halloween costumes. 
Sanders has 127,000+ followers on Reddit. Hillary has 900. Why that's both a strength amp; a liability for Team Bernie: 
Can one of the most unruly corners of the Internet turn into a campaign fighting force? Me on Bernie's Reddit army: 
Congrats lucia_graves and GuardianUS! 
This seems about right. 
How Bernieland is trying to clamp down on conspiracy theoriesand focus on organizingafter the first debate: 
"Tone it down amp; accept it is a political race or were going to wind up under the bridge with Ron Paul's supporters 
Bernie's Reddit team is implementing new rules after post-debate conspiracy theories swamped the site:  
"So far, Republicans do not seem to be even trying to erode the Democratic advantage on middle-class economics" 
The next chapter in the GOP's war on Planned Parenthood: Defunding HIV testing, rape prevention, sex ed 
BIden on GOP: They are our opposition, they are not our enemies. 
Livestream of Biden in the Rose Garden here: 
Harper stooped to Rob Ford's leveland paid the price. Read heerjeet: 
mmurraypolitics Nope! 
This is the case for Joe that the Draft Biden folks pitched me: 
nikkiusher Right-wing talking points: 
geetadayal Pitch bijanstephen! 
mattyglesias on Democrats' downballot crisis: My deep dive on the issue: 
Kilffmentum! Congrats, Sarah. 
tKochers Thanks for catching, fixed 
Here's what Latino voters in Virginia are hearing about 2016: TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP. Rubio barely registers. 
Carrasquillo Thanks, Adrian! 
What it's like to run as a Latino Republican candidate in the age of Donald Trump: 
timothypmurphy what about agave 
"Climate change has officially entered prime time politics," says rebleber: 
Why Hillary needs to convince her base that she's Republicans' fiercest enemy 
libbyanelson DKThomp 
:( 
CHAFMENTUM 
timothypmurphy on Bernie's debate style: 
RT aseitzwald: Will Bernie Sanders lose his cool tonight? 
AnnieLowrey Often preferable to radio/music when driving, walking, or cooking. Engaging without requiring intense focus. 
PatrickRuffini: GOP is wasting millions on ad buys while Dems invest strategically in field and digital: 
alittlelilypad thanks! 
I'll be on upwithsteve from 8 to 10 am, talking House GOP and all the rest. 
KSoltisAnderson So sorry about the travel nightmare and bummed you won't be there tomorrow. Hope to catch up soon! 
KSoltisAnderson ughhhh 
KSoltisAnderson Yes yes yes! Sorry about the travel woes -- hope you make it here ASAP. 
Re-upping: my dispatch from the Hill on Paul Ryan's dilemma: 
Even in a moment of pure surrender by the establishment, hardline conservatives were unhappy 
He Left Everybody at the Altar": Inside the House GOP's crackup: 
chrislhayes DafnaLinzer Congrats, Dafna! So well deserved. 
joshtpm: "Yes, we really do want to take your guns. Maybe not all of them. But a lot of them." 
Florida man sacrifices goat, drinks blood, runs for Senate. 
Obama says gun-control supporters need to become "single-issue voters." That's already happeningin Oregon, no less: 
Jeb on black voters: "Free stuff." Jeb on mass shootings: "Stuff happens."  
ceciliakang Congrats, Cecilia! They're lucky to have you. 
Oregon was actually a gun-control success story this year. Here's why it wasn't enough: 
President Obama wants to make gun control a "political choice." Oregon already has. 
Study: Medicaid expansion increases access to mental healthcare. Without the expansion: 
Obama: "This is something we SHOULD politicize...this is a political choice that we make to allow this to happen every few months" 
Obama on Oregon: "Somehow this has become routine...weve become numb to this." 
Roseburg's sheriff wrote Biden in 2013, refusing to enforce "unconstitutional" gun laws. 
AlecMacGillis Yeah, the new background check law is a lot more comprehensive. Gun show law alone didn't do much. 
Oregon had just passed a background check bill in Maythe state's first major gun control law in 14 years. 
Snowden is following exactly one account: NSAGov 
So you've lost the culture war...now what? 
Actual title of Trump's tax plan: "TAX REFORM THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN" 
Carson claims that people from Iraq, Somalia, and Russia are trying to come over the Mexican border. "Many of them are hardened criminals." 
Religious conservatives celebrate Boehner's downfalland pray that McConnell's next. 
Trump: "I won every single poll!" Audience member shouts: "No, you didn't!"  
Trump calls Marco Rubio "this clown" at  Crowd BOOOOS. 
Huge cheers and cries of "amen!" At values voter summit on Boehner news 
Tony Perkins introduced as "the Pope of Christian evangelicals"  
Boehner had been trying to get a pope -- any pope! -- to speak before Congress for the past 20 years. 
Guessing the U.S. gun-control lobby will try to capitalize on Pope's blunt criticism of the arms trade: 
Pope Francis was strategically vague about the threats to "the family": 
Pontifex is inspiring. But his speech before Congressthe first for a Popesets a worrisome precedent: 
sarahposner Thanks, Sarah -- means a lot coming from you! 
Religious liberals warn Democrats against hugging Pope Francis too closely: 
The Twitter equivalent of a pat on the head: 
The far-right roots of Ben Carsons case against Muslims: 
mj_lee I regret to inform you: 
Yes, the Sexy Donald Trump costumes are bad. But the sexy Rachel Dolezal costumes will be even worse. 
At Heritages 2016 summit, one GOP voter said his top picks were "Carson, Rubio and the female.  
Bernie: the video game! 
EvanMcSan benjysarlin 9 things you need to know about THING but were too afraid to ask 
At a Carson watch party in MD-- biggest response so far though is to Fiorina. Her last line on abortion "moved me," one guy tells me. 
Census: "In 2014, real median household income was 6.5 percent lower than in 2007...and was 7.2 percent lower than..in 1999." 
Trump is more moderate on Iran than other 2016 Republicans. His supporters don't seem to knowor care. 
New CNN poll: "Most Republican voters (51) think Trump is most likely to emerge as the GOP winner" 
Reality check: "The US process for applying for resettlement can take up to 24 months for Syrians" 
Looking forward to the inevitable Trump vs. McAfee face-off. Alien vs. Predator? 
nikkiusher WHAT ABOUT GCHAT 
"Most of the increase in [student loan defaults] is associated w/the rise in...borrowers at for-profit schools": 
Donald Trump's fans only hear what they want to hear. 
Job alert: We're hiring a Deputy Editor to assign, edit, amp; manage coverage of Apply here: 
Trump Nation comes to Capitol Hill 
Hillary: "I will not hesitate to take military action if Iran attempts to obtain a nuclear weapon." 
Weird thing about today's rally is Trump is arguably closer to Clinton than Cruz on Iran dealTrump says he'd enforce it, not tear it up. 
How Donald Trump Helped Pass the Iran Deal He Opposes. Smart PeterBeinart column: 
sethdmichaels Thanks, Seth! 
Forget the $15 minimum wage. Here's why 2016 really matters for workers: 
Of course Kermit's new GF is a redhead. Cc amandahess 
Massachusetts's Supreme Court compares sex-offender housing bans to internment of Japanese-Americans during WWII. 
Me IRL: 
"Kids are callin' it Brown Christmas." 
!!!! 
"A legal counterculture has insisted that the whole New Deal project was a big, unconstitutional error" brianbeutler 
Must read by noamscheiber on how Obama has restored worker rights through executive action: 
After raising workers' wages, Wal-Mart cuts some workers hours: 
jaketapper you mean, those who are trafficked are the branding victims. The sex traffickers are the perpetrators. 
Gun control advocates are making progress just not in Washington. 
RT justinjm1: Ballistics expert: Kate Steinle's death accidental; immigrant fired at ground 
Biden is too ideologically similar to Clinton to run as the anti-Hillary. So what would his campaign be about anyway? 
If he wants to run in 2016, Biden can't just sell himself as the anti-Hillary. 
Draft Biden adviser thinks VP should run as a "throwback" to the good old days of collegial bipartisan dealmaking. 
"We want deal!" Trump uses broken English to mock Chinese amp; Japanese business partners. I can't. Even. 
And now, one of National Zoos panda cubs has died. 
The Asian-American roots of birthright citizenship, from DLind: 
benjysarlin zachdcarter is talking trash about you 
nate_cohn digs into Trump's poll numbers: "His lead might be modestly overstated, but its not a mirage." 
DOJ: Its unconstitutional to ban the homeless from sleeping outside: My feature on the case: 
The videos aim to "split the people who are actually comfortable w/abortion from those who support it uncomfortably" 
rubycramer buzzfeedben bterris has the definitive piece on flower beard guy: 
"The Ohio State University Police Department asked for an armored vehicle to assist with 'football missions.'" 
"Trump the candidate may fade, but to purge Trumpism is to disband the party itself." 
The failure of criminal justice reform in Michael Brown's home state: 
"It's true, Trump shrugged, I am a very bad man." 
DC's young Republicansgenuinely, earnestly, for reallove the Donald. My dispatch from last night: 
Donald Trump captures the heart of young Republicans. My dispatch from tonight: 
Still surprised by how much genuine affection there is for Trump in this crowd of young DC Republicans. Not generally their  but close. 
Just met Tareq Salahi, White House dinner crasher, Trump fan. 
Asked one Cruz supporter/trump fan about the Donald's running as third party. He shrugs. Still loves him. 
Young Republicans LOVES the Donald going after political correctness. 
"Rand Paul! Rand Paul!" Crowd shouts when he jabs Trump 
Young Republican watch party in Adams Morgan. Biggest cheers for Trump! 
Have already met four DC young urban professionals who are honest-to-God Trumps fans at this watch party in Adams Morgan AMA 
"In the End...No One Really Cared." The failure of criminal justice reform in Michael Brown's home state: 
Peak Smarm. cc: tomscocca 
Cc darth RT BuzzFeedAndrew: "We will win by painting in bold colors not pale pastels," - Cruz. 
"While the writing staff has values amp; while I have values, I think that the voice of ClickHole is that of a lunatic" 
Kids are weird. 
Soulcycle files for IPO: "Our mission is to bring Soul to the people." (h/t dannyyadron) 
Next episode of Law amp; Order SVU? RT NBCNews: 'Law amp; Order' director arrested on child pornography charges 
Building a Kinder, Gentler Deportation Machine: 
Thinking that deportation = crime-prevention is fueled by a fantasy about public safety 
How one woman's murder could shape Obama's legacy on immigration: 
"What Id love..would be a nonprofit journalism outfit which did nothing but re-report any big or interesting scoops" 
Congrats to jialynnyang, WaPo's new deputy national security editor! NatSec is so lucky to have you. 
Just a woman taking a selfie with a selfie stick...sitting inside a Starbucks. End times. 
Did Slate just switch from sans serif to serif? I need more coffee. 
Congrats to chrislhayes and the allinwithchris team on their two (!) Emmy nominations: 
Yes, the rise of gay marriage will change the nuclear family--and that's a good thing. My latest: 
What gay marriage means for the future of parenthood: 
Has Vox done a "squad" explainer yet? Old people on the Internet want to know. cc: alex_abads 
The viral idea that kale is bad for you is based on incredibly bad science. 
WSJ looks at Dems' downballot losses in Ohio: My deep dive on the issue, focusing on FL: 
Very sorry to hear that National Journal is killing its print mag--really hope NJ continues to support longform online. 
Meet the manliest journalist in America: elspethreeve: 
"The moon has a dark patch, informally called Mordor, at its north pole."  
BCAppelbaum Agree --In many ways, it's a bigger/more complicated one b/c it means we can't just pull former job-seekers off the sidelines. 
Always be reading mollyesque: What other activists can learn for the fight for same-sex marriage: 
Jobs jobs jobs: TNR is hiring a news editor to handle breaking national news amp; politics. Apply here: 
To beat the machine, Bernie Sanders needs to build one. Inside his grassroots army:   
Just pre-ordered my copy of irin's Notorious RBG, amp; you can, too: 
Bernie's grassroots army is passionate. But can they get organized? 
milkboylarry you got it 
Hillary: "Affordable child care is not a luxuryits a growth strategy." The economic case for child care support: 
The Uberization of the U.S. economy really started in the 1970s. Great read by noamscheiber: 
GoldsmithB thanks! 
daveweigel + WaPo 2: Electric Weigeloo. Congrats, Dave! 
Women4Bernie PortiaABoulger JenniSiri Awesome, thanks! 
JenniSiri Hi, I'm a tnr reporter who's writing about Bernie's grassroots support. Would love to talk about women4bernie - khimmtnr.com 
Congrats, cbellantoni! Excellent move by the LA Times: 
We did see the recipe, of course, and we think its a terrific recipe! said Tim McGreevy, the pea lobby's CEO. 
Big Pea (aka the USA Dry Pea and Lentil Council) is coming for your smoothies next. A TNR report: 
1st time I've seen this in a job posting: "Good taste in the Internet; knowledge amp; awareness of online subcultures." 
First person to combine a Webb pun with a peas pun wins...nothing. You win nothing. Because both those puns are making me batty. 
TNR is hiring a Reporter-Researcher. A+ opportunity for a recent grad or early-career journo (I'm an alum!): 
Guacamopeas. (I'll let myself out, thanks) 
sallykohn 
sallykohn That's what I'm here for!   
Focusing on "transcendent love" over "tangible benefits" also muddled Kennedy's opinion. Read brianbeutler: 
That's from mollyesque's richly reported, behind-the-scenes piece on the gay marriage movement. Read it: 
Marriage equality messaging: Focus on "love" (apolitical, transcendent) not "benefits" (political, quotidian). 
"It was old-lady lesbians who we found were the best messengers... Nobody thought about sex when they saw them." 
Gay marriage is legalized as hetero marriage is declining. 2 takes: rtraister amp; DouthatNYT: 
Smart analysis from irin: How today's marriage equality win is also about gender equality 
Obama in Charleston, post-SCOTUS: "Justice grows out of recognition o/ ourselves in each other...my liberty depends on you being free, too" 
sullivanamy Would love to read a piece by you on this. 
Obama's eulogy was wholly in the spirit of Rev. Pinckney, whose Christian faith directly fueled his politics. 
Oh my God. 
O: "Maybe now we understand the way racial bias can infect us even when we don't realize it" Justice Kennedy on same: 
Obama touches on employer discrimination--that was at the heart of Kennedy's opinion upholding Fair Housing Act yesterday. 
Obama: "We may not have earned this grace, with our anger and rancor and complacency and fear of each other, but we got it all the same." 
Justice Kennedy to single people: DON'T DIE ALONE. 
SCOTUS doesn't care whether you meant to be racist or not. How the Court affirmed that actions can trump intentions: 
The Supreme Court doesn't think racism's over after all: 
How Mitt Romney saved Obamacare. No, really: benjysarlin 
Full C. Thomas passage is even worse IMHO. "Jews in Poland" is maaybe not the best example of minorities doing well. 
KevBaile abytw 
That's from Clarence Thomas's dissent on FHA today: Read on for Alito on the NFL amp; minorities! 
Shorter Clarence Thomas dissent: "See, racial disparities can be good for black people!" 
Oh, Clarence Thomas: "Racial imbalances do not always disfavor minorities..over 70 of [NBA] players have been black." 
Kennedy: "De jure residential segregation by race was declared unconstitutional almost a century ago...but its vestiges remain today" 
marincogan AdamSerwer say Cohen was the editor and insert a photo of him at the very bottom 
marincogan AdamSerwer all hail Genghis Cohen 
It's awesome to have you on board! RT ambelenky Thrilled to be working with gabrielsnyder and the very talented TNR team! 
"My hope is that marriage equality queers marriage, rather than straightening queers." Read alexanderchee: 
TheFix thanks, Chris! 
Also true, of course, that Hillary's dominance kept out younger candidates who may wait until another cycle (eg Deval Patrick, klobuchar) 
Sassycatz sorry tweeted too quickly. See latest tweet. 
(The problem being the broad age/racial diversity between the GOP and Dem fields. Nothing wrong w/being white, older, running for office) 
Why is the Democratic 2016 field so much older and whiter than the GOP's? The problem starts downballot: 
alex_patton thank you! 
Obama to deliver eulogy at Pinckneys funeral More on Pickney's political amp; spiritual legacy: 
Shorter Mark Ruffalo: FAST-TRACK SMASH 
Bloomberg crunches the numbers on what turnout amp; demographics mean for Hillary's 2016 chances: 
Low turnout is killing the Democratic Party. Rep. Ellison's new plan to fix it: More context: 
Obamas great campaign strengthorganizingis now the Democratic Partys great weakness. 
Forget 2016. Heres why Democrats are worried about 2016, 2020and beyond. 
Is this really what we're outraged about today? Sigh.  
Why the Democratic Party is in trouble--no matter who wins in 2016. My deep dive: 
DEMS IN DISARRAY. No, really. 
Carrasquillo this by the reatalexanderchee 
Father's Day with two moms and no dad-- read this essay by nikkiusher: 
The shooter spared Sheppard, 70. Im going to let you live so you can tell the story."  
NaomiMaeShavin scoop: In a change of company policy, Uber is no longer letting its drivers carry guns: 
What the media got wrong about that 'Sesame Street' education study cc: brittkpeterson 
"The black church hasnt been safe since there has been a black church." Re-upping JamilSmith's moving piece. 
Meet Jeb "I don't know" Bush: elspethreeve 
Rev. Pinckney's other home was the South Carolina statehouse. My piece on the Emanuel AME pastor's political legacy: 
Pinckney was part of a long Christian tradition of prophetic witness that put social justice at the heart o/his faith 
Rev. Clementa Pinckney's faith guided his political career as "the conscience of the General Assembly"  
BenjySarlin is there right now RT LukeRussert: Anybody have a periscope of Charleston? 
On the scene in Charleston--gt; MT BenjySarlin: bystanders in shock were led by police away into hotel across street. 
_cingraham VALHALLA! 
Just defense, or didn't specify? RT rosiegray Jeb: "we've got to restore the cuts in the sequester." 
Smart, thoughtful MonicaBPotts piece on millennials' downward mobility and the Post-Ownership Society: 
HeerJeet !!! They are darling. 
Why Donald Trump is America's most gifted political satirist. Love elspethreeve's latest: 
A conspiracy, a suicide, and the Tea Party: Read marincogan's deep dive on the dark underbelly of politics. 
"Business leaders who want higher pay...there are leaders of finance who want less short-term trading amp; more long-term investing" 
Also notable that Hillary praised some on Wall St for leading the way, rather than call directly for more regulation, taxes, etc. 
Why Hillary's speech was populism-lite. Smart analysis from mollyesque: 
thegarance Sent this to a friend, who immediately replied "False flag." 
"Can you racially transition?...Yes, millions already have. We call them white people." 
attackerman so thrilled for you and radicalmandy -- congrats!!! 
timothypmurphy I'm with you: Worm farmer in hed gt; ex-cop in hed 
JamilSmith Disagree. I wouldn't write off his mandatory sentencing reform bill, for one. 
sarahkliff drvox OMG I missed that one. Spencer, media star. 
On NPR in a few minutes talking politics with nprAudie and reihan. 
philofdreams_ you can also email me at khimmtnr.com. I'm in Orlando until Friday. 
philofdreams_ I'm a reporter at The New Republic who's writing about political activism in FL. Would love to talk to you. Best contact? 
Science fiction is for slackers, by Jacob_Brogan "Why walk when you can warp? Why talk when youre a telepath?" 
Re-upping: The Real Democratic Primary: Hillary Clinton vs. the Media 
mollyesque thanks, Molly! 
Hillary's early supporters don't blame "a vast right-wing conspiracy" for her troubles. They blame the media: 
Young Clinton supporters' earliest memories of Hillary: "Im surprised I didnt confuse my mom for her" 
The Real Democratic Primary: Hillary Vs. the Media 
JessicaValenti  
MeganCarolan thank you so much! 
Awesome news, MelissaBell! Congrats: 
Northern Virginia is Ready for Hillary 
Congrats to the lovely and talented MariahCBlake for landing a Nieman fellowship! 
The case for government-subsidized child care: 
Child care isn't just a personal problem -- It's a policy problem that needs a policy solution: 
I love color/scene reporting more than anyone, but could we stop with the "X candidate ate Y food" stories already?  
But really, I just wish I could fit this whole interview into a tweet. 
Seymour Hersh to IChotiner: "I dont mean to yell at you but I feel good doing it" 
Metaphor alert: U.S. senator chases pig for a selfie. 
It's Infrastructure Week...seriously. All sorts of transportation advocates are already in DC: 
RT NishaChittal: The last time Congress passed an Amtrak bill was after a fatal train crash 
aaronwiener wcp MotherJones congrats man! 
Looking to interview parents--currently working or in school--who are struggling to pay for child care. Contact: khimmtnr.com 
dylanmatt on the tyranny of food: Well done, sir. 
Codbod? 
This is...painful. 
Imagine what journalism would look like if more reporters were told to do this: 
Also this: How to get an ethical manicure: a guide to spotting worker exploitation. from DLind: 
Relatedly: 3 Ways to Be a Socially Conscious Nail Salon Customer 
So many gchats with friends about sarahmaslinnir's nail salon coverage, and whether we can ever go back in good conscience. 
Here's the problem with both the liberal and conservative fixes for Baltimore: 
"Were not going to summer-job our way out of the worst unrest since the Sixties in Baltimore. 
What's next for Baltimore? 
The Best Thing Hillary Could Do For Her Campaign? Drop Bill. rtraister's latest: 
AdamSerwer RosieGray sheeraf KateNocera amazon So does marincogan's cat! 
Timely profile of Rep. Elijah Cummings, who watched his Baltimore district go up in flames last week: rachelweinerwp 
"Men who requested a paternity leave seemed to be punished come [performance] review time" 
MD officials promise change post-Freddie Gray - but don't think statehouse should be called back for special session 
In 2013, DC's Petworth and Brookland led the nation in house-flipping gains at $312,400 and $271,900, respectively. 
"You weren't here for Freddie Gray." The Fox News/Geraldo sideshow in Baltimore last week, by daveweigel: 
 RT lukebroadwater: CouncilmanBMS says 600 people have signed up for mentoring since the unrest but only 26 are men 
HeberBrown Really appreciate your taking the time to talk! 
Fiorina piece is by my colleague rebleber (not rleber) 
How Carly Fiorina wants to run as the anti-Hillary. rleber's latest: 
bterris "what about lap band surgery?" 
Jacob_Brogan thanks dude 
Gangs took to the streets to protect  communities last week. It wasn't the 1st time: 
thegarance Crazy, right? Forgot to throw in the link to the full story: cc: daveweigel 
thegarance Crazy, right? 
Gangs took to the streets to protect  communities from violence last week. It wasn't the first time: 
At the end of the day, we dont need police to protect our community, because were going to protect our community": 
"Unify or die!" What's really behind the Crips and Bloods truce in Baltimore: 
RT markberman: "Baltimore doesnt have a homicide problem; it has a black-male-death problem," jelani9 writes 
Drone (?!) and helicopter above protest turned street party in west Baltimore 
Protest arrives at CVS 
 Baltimore edition: baynardwoods rectorsun brandon_weigel slb79 justin_fenton ericaLG byjoelanderson jonswaine  
Baltimore protesters's next demand:  
Freddie Gray's mother: I feel good because we got all six of them...You can rest, Freddie..You can be in peace now." 
Marilyn Mosby, 35, is the youngest top prosecutor of any major city in America: 
Mosby to youth of Baltimore: "I will seek justice on your behalf. This is a moment. This is your moment...As young people, our time is now." 
Mosby to Baltimore: "Your peace is sincerely needed as I work to deliver justice for this young man" 
Charges against the officers include second-degree murder, manslaughter, assault, misconduct in office, false imprisonment.  
Live video from presser on Freddie Gray here: Live blog here: 
"Tabloids back home [in Korea] have threatened his agency with bad press if it didnt share Roys grades" 
aqeela28 I'm a reporter from The New Republic who'd love to speak to you for a story about Baltimore. What's the best way to reach you? 
Occupy shunned electoral politics; the Tea Party embraced them. Now the left is trying to catch up at the ballot box: 
From the Fight for 15 to Black Lives Matter, activists are trying to link mass protests to electoral change: 
Forget Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. Here's why progressive activists are focusing further downballot: 
suggswriter tnr Thank you! 
"He is the rarest of Washington animals, a completely honest person." 
Bernie Sanders, bipartisan dealmaker? How the Senate's gadfly learned to play the inside game. 
"You need to be judicious with your all-capshonest about how violently youre laughing and how sane you are." 
In Freddie Gray's old neighborhood, more go to prison than anywhere in MD: Im telling you, theyre locking you up! 
I spent last night in the housing project where Freddie Gray grew up--and where he was apprehended by police: 
Mostly just TV crews and religious proselytizers at the burnt CVS, Baltimore's ground zero. But also: chess! 
Bloods and Crips still holding their truce, came out to make sure there was peace when kids got out of school 
Countdown to curfew in Freddie Gray's old neighborhood. My latest from  
Heavy police presence and state troopers at the mall where the riots started on Monday 
Discovered something worse than hearing my own voice on tape: my Mitt Romney-like laughter at my sources' jokes "Ha, ha, that's terrific!" 
Follow RadioMirage and EricaLG, both of whom are live-tweeting fantastic stuff from  schools today. 
RT EricaLG: Officers amp; students have clashed for yrs at Mondawmin bus terminal, where 5,000 ... 
Why calls for peace are ringing hollow for some in West Baltimore: 
"I dont condone what happenedbut something needed to happen". My dispatch from Baltimore: 
JesseOneT jbouie thanks man 
Baltimore people: Are folks/protesters sticking around W. North and Penn or have they moved on? 
Young volunteers handing out water and snacks on Penn Ave 
Handing out voter registration cards on Penn Ave 
Crowd gathering in street outside the cvs. Guy preaching (to believe in God, to register to vote) with bullhorn 
Police in riot gear vs crowd carrying brooms, garbage bags, and TV cameras 
In Baltimore reporting today. Lots of press and cleanup volunteers gathered around the burnt out CVS 
Latest on cleanup and PM march RT deray: Visit for information re:  and organizing in Baltimore 
CNN just showed older black man, a Vietnam vet, stands in front of young people taunting police: "Go!" he shouts, convinces them to back off 
Baltimore MayorSRB invites Rev. Al Sharpton and "young people who want peace" to come demonstrate peacefully. 
Baltimore orders curfew from 10 pm to 5 a.m. starting tomorrow, in effect for a week. 
Baltimore mayor says there's a difference between the peaceful protesters and the "thugs" looting and rioting. 
What "are candidates elected on the basis of character and personal history empowered to achieve? Nothing much." 
Kasich on whether he'd want to be picked as Vice-President: "I dont know what they do, what do they do?" 
Kasich: "I think Wall Street is overwhelmingly too greedy." 
One in five reporting jobs in is D.C., L.A. or New York -- up from one in eight in 2004. 
A cook for the US Senate struggling to get off food stamps: 
The homeless man who works in the Senate: 
"Is campaign reporting soul-crushing or not?" News at 10. 
thegarance my favorite NYC coyote story was when one was stalking around the Gossip Girl set 
Congrats andykroll! And to National Journal for nabbing him. 
jelani9 produced incredible, elucidating coverage of Ferguson that cut through the noise. This is well deserved: 
Republican 2016 candidates have moved even further to the right than in 2012. dannyvinik explains: 
Gov. LePage is trying to stop Maine towns and cities from raising their minimum wage. 
It's "the 1st time since Obama took office that significantly more people describe the economy as 'good' than 'poor'" 
dylanmatt Late to this, but I eagerly await "The Case for Cognitive Enhancing Drugs at the Workplace" 
DKThomp Would totally read a "politics as (actual) performance studies" column by a rotating group of drama critics amp; academics. 
DKThomp What Would Richard Schechner Say? 
Every new communication tool looks like a jump rope when you first get it, before you find out its a leash. 
Hillary Clinton punts on TPP: 
Nooooooo  
Goldfarb Congrats! 15M is no joke. 
ishaantharoor (tableflip) was always my fave 
--gt; RT RosieGray: im finding it harder and harder to be polite to flacks who call me on the phone about press releases 
RT dylanlscott: Democrats really want to believe Clinton can solve their white-voter problem, via daveweigel: 
Interesting/apt choice for Hillary: former (Bill) Clintonite who says his views on Wall Street have "evolved" amp; is now a pro-reform guy. 
Gary Gensler: a strong supporter of Dodd-Frank who regrets Clinton-era deregulation that he helped push through. 
lydiadepillis ducks! are they quacking super loudly? also photos pls 
Google search history today includes "life expectancy horse." Seems about right. 
jmfbrooks agreed! I'm not anti-personal essay per se. I think AnnaHolmes's team is doing amazing things reinventing the genre 
Personal essays for everyone! Post Everything, Buzzfeed Ideas, TPM's Slice, and now Vox First Person: 
A Day In The Life Of A Fictional Female Reporter - cc marincogan 
RT jeneps: Clinton talking about maternity leave after a biz owner mentions it. "Boy, you are right on my wavelength!" 
Live stream of Hillary's latest Iowa event here: 
To be precise, a Florida MAILman 
Florida Man: Capitol Hill helicopter landing edition: 
Uhh, I think the news that Tylenol "blocks out emotions" will encourage more use, not less: 
jrovner My family adopted a cat from a survivor who was finally escaping her abusive home but heartbroken that she couldn't bring her pet. 
Paid leave will be at the forefront of Hillary's campaign, her new senior adviser says: 
"A new demographic term: 'Becomers,' or what they defined as youths and young adults in the 12-34 age range." (voms) 
Very heartened to see Politico expanding coverage of state politics amp; gov't, which has been totally hollowed out by death of regional papers 
This morning's commuter paper: 
Live stream of Hillary's first campaign event still going here: 
Hillary mentions her granddaughter for a second time.  
jialynnyang :( 
zackroth Congrats, Zack! 
"debates which usually play out...between candidates look likely to play out within the Clinton candidacy itself." 
emma_sandoe sounds about right 
EricMGarcia thanks so much! 
Worth revisiting marincogan's Anatomy of a Washington scandal: 
Correction of the...day? year? decade? "Accused murderer Robert Durst is not a former member of Limp 
Especially grateful to DafnaLinzer richardwolffedc and bethfouhy -- MSNBC Digital is in great hands. 
Thanks to everyone for the well wishes! I'm sad to be leaving MSNBC after two great years but very excited to be joining TNR next month. 
"On Twitter, we always teeter on the brink of shameboth because no one sees us amp; because too many do" Jacob_Brogan: 
 cc jonsarlin RT SladeHV: This King Bee cocktail is the ultimate nyc inside joke, and it's spectacular 
NickBaumann I know. I know. 
+1 RT JeffYoung Dear everyone: Stop signing me up for your newsletters without my asking. More email is not the  I want. 
sarahkliff estellecaswell LOVE THIS 
Inbox: "I'm glade to tell you the news, on the 12th of mars 2015 a Space Invader will take place on the International Space Station (ISS)." 
! MT tavitulle: AnnaHolmes and I are doing a free in-conversation together at brooklynmuseum this Saturday night! 
Meanwhile, jails are going out of their way to sign up inmates for Obamacare. Here's why: 
Happy King vs. Burwell Day! 
Happy King vs Burwell Day! 
Jails are signing up inmates for Obamacare. My latest: 
That's from an Urban Institute study projecting who'll have insurance by 2016 in states with federally-run exchanges: 
If SCOTUS strikes down subsidies, "those affected would be predominantly white, Southern, employed and middle-aged." 
seungminkim ha I think he's just responding to my twitter bio 
Community clinics fill the Medicaid gap in GOP states that refuse to expand. Now Jindal wants to cut their funds: 
RT MeriwetherK: Amazon, BuzzFeed lead NYC real estate growth 
Sad journo is sad: 
Nick Offerman to star in Boston theater production of "A Confederacy of Dunces": Perfect. 
"Your postgot more than 28 million views. How long did it take for you to do it?" "It took me five minutes." 
On MSNBC in just a few to talk about wage hikes at Walmart and TJ Maxx 
RT BresPolitico: One-week CR is "likeliest option" at this point, GOP sources say, but not done deal yet. And clock is ticking.... 
MT jonahkeri even the most basic stats are hard to find in women's sports: 
How long before we have end-of-life social media strategists? -- "You've lived your life online. Now how do you want to say goodbye?" 
elwasson tammyduckworth MarkTakano and..??? 
Llama Twitter gt; Dress Twitter 
GOP picks Keith Hall to succeed Doug Elmendorf at CBO: 
Nickelodeon is making a K-pop musical!?! h/t originalspin cc: euny 
Purple and gold. No, really. 
Goldfarb you mean "thanks for no llamas Obama." Or "thanks, No-llama." Ok, I'll stop now. 
Full llama chase, in double time, set to "Yakety Sax," because the Internet: 
Llama is the new Left Shark. Boom, think piece. 
Llamas in more tranquil times: No-drama therapy llamas. 
Llama Twitter is the best Twitter. Good job, everyone. 
CBS trying to keep  alive - "Coming up: Llamas cam." 
"Apparently the llamas were part of some kind of demonstration earlier today."  
I'm off Twitter for one hour, and now there's some kind of llama chase going on? The Internet is better than drugs. 
Awesome opportunity for "diverse and female" screenwriters who want to break in the industry, from HBO: 
"Traficant died of asphyxia last year after the vintage tractor he was driving tipped over backward." cc: DavidGrann 
"Every chair in your house is a locked-up resentment you sit on every day. Get rid of them." 
Oh my. RT bterris: Whoops Looks like the CPAC mobile app has confused SenatorTimScott for RealBenCarson 
Yessss. 
KateNocera Pretty cruel to have that video of popcorn-crunching auto-play! 
jmsummers YES. 
Sentences I never thought I'd write: Read this great profile of Carrot Top: 
Chicago police detain Americans at abuse-laden 'black site.' Disturbing, essential investigation from attackerman: 
Also still can't get over the Lego-colored yellow emoji. Please tell me that's not supposed to be the Asian one. 
I have been thinking about lines from this all day and laughing aloud like a madwoman. page88 
SarahNEmerson They're like...lego-colored. 
nikkiusher I don't think media outlets actually do. Consensus is Facebook is much more impt for traffic. 
nikkiusher twitter is not a very effective source of web traffic 
Vanilla is the new meat dress 
prof_gabriele Amtrak conductor to us earlier: "If the doors are frozen shut, just move onto the next car" 
kombiz It was ok for the first few hours...but am actually starting to feel a few chilly drafts now. Gah. 
Getting worried this train is actually turning into Snowpiercer 
Managed to avoid reading any 50 Shades of Gray think-pieces AMA 
MichaelRStrain I would rather be called anything but "Mrs. Khimm," which is incorrect in addition to being schoolmarm-ish. 
JGreenDC what about developers who give pretentious titles to overpriced condos? 
Glad to see NYT staff up on the labor/workforce beat. Even better: they're bringing on noamscheiber. 
Celebrated Lunar New Year by getting Korean food with my dad, who handed me a full-sized electric blanket. Wake me when it's spring. 
"Settlers of Catan": The Movie. No, seriously. 
So good. RT BenjySarlin: Your hipster bartender is watching your terrible Tinder date and taking so so many notes 
Progress! MT mlcalderone: NYT Retiring system of pitching stories for print A1, creating internal Deans List around key digital slots. 
+1! RT ErikWemple: Excited to see that amandahess will be a regular part of the new nytimes mag: 
lpolgreen poetry nerds! 
To clarify, that woman just enrolled in the Medicaid expansion this year. The (literal) tooth-pulling happened before she was covered. 
Last week I interviewed a Chicago woman enrolled in Medicaid expansion who pulled out her own teeth w/pliers because she didn't have dental. 
Illinois was one of the few states to expand Medicaid early. Now Rauner is proposing cuts for hospitals, nursing homes, dental care. 
Illinois new GOP gov wants to slash $1.5 billion from Medicaid: 
Just devastated to hear about carr2n. 
Facing budget shortfalls, a growing number of GOP governors want higher education cuts: Among them: Walker amp; Jindal 
!!  MT originalspin: Nielsen:   new comedy for 18-49 100K+! 
BCAppelbaum other taxi drivers? 
originalspin saw a young Asian-American guy carrying a copy of  on the Metro in DC today. Solidarity! 
Congrats to GuardianUS on two most excellent hires: Bencjacobs and SabrinaSiddiqui 
Why are we all talking about young journalists? Could a young journalist write an explainer/aggregated post/Storify pls 
Three GOP hawks may be running for president just to troll Rand Paul on foreign policy: 
Great piece by perrybaconjr on how the Koch Bros. helped kill Tennessee governor's push for Medicaid expansion: 
There is bacon-flavored microwave popcorn up for grabs in the office.  
A NYU law professor "believesLeft Shark is not copyrightable because it qualifies as a 'useful article.'" Indeed. 
Snowpiercer, IRL: 
One weak spot in the report: 2,000 oil amp; gas jobs were lost in Jan. But upside from cheap gas will continue to outweigh the downside for US 
The one where my brilliant friend's writing inspires an XKCD comic: brittkpeterson has geek cred for life. 
Saddened to hear of the death of Peter Harbage, a health policy expert who was sharp, passionate, amp; generous. RIP: 
"What was even the point of websites...were they just weird slow apps with nobody in them??" Signed, the future. 
RT ivanoransky: Nursing assistants suffer more physical injuries than construction workers 
"I knew it, as soon as you expressed emotions with words..." lt;3 you Asian families.  
JamieSmith18 FreshOffABC They're showing it both at 8:30 pm and 9:30 pm, I think/hope. 
Psyched to catch FreshOffABC at 9:30 pm, the 1st Asian-American sitcom in 20+ years(!). Congrats to the fam originalspin!  
RonLieber: What's the most expensive thing in the world? Kid: American Girl Dolls." 
RT munilass Vaccination issue is really a subset of our culture's larger problem with recognizing and claiming expertise. cc: chrislhayes 
--gt; "Data journalism is not just data visualization." 
PressSec dismisses idea that "millions" will face ACA tax penalty under mandate. CBO estimate: 3.9 million 
StevenTDennis this CBO report seems to suggest 3.9 million will be penalized under mandate, if I'm reading it right: 
Has George Will weighed in on Rand Paul's jeans yet? 
PressSec says the deficit targets in Obama's budgets were also "advocated by the minor deities who served on..Simpson-Bowles" Um, lol. 
RT msnbc: Exclusive: Anti-vaccine activist says Chris Christie expressed concern about autism-vaccine link in 2009 
RosieGray lolacoaster RIGHT OR LEFT?? America needs to know. 
First media outlet to interview the shark on the left wins: 
What time is the Superb Owl? cc: AdamSerwer 
Inbox: "All about That CBO Baseline."     
Jacob_Brogan It's a "talker." (throws up) 
DraperRobert Indeed: 
By which I meant, NOPE. 
Nope. 
Whoa, nelly! RT PhilipRucker: At soda fountain, Mitt Romney mixes it up: A little Diet Coke and, he says, "a little bit of the real stuff." 
Just noticed that Harper's Magazine gives you a "microfiche" option for reading long articles behind the paywall. 
Sen. Lisa Murkowski picked up a chair and waved it over her head. "I am the chairmaaaaaaaaaaan!" she shouted. 
"Interior designers, barbers..and manicurists all face greater average licensing requirements than do EMTs." 
Don't walk and text. A bear might eat you. 
Last week's 529 Tweetstorm: vindicated. Guess my work here is done. It's been real. 
BuzzFeedAndrew lt;3 
In Soviet Indiana, news writes you! 
lolsob 
Brilliant move by New York Mag to nab J_fuller, who writes such unexpected, smart hilarious stuff. Early  
"Other reporters can bump yours if they have more money, so keeping a few dollars around will be helpful. " 
Kimchi: so hot right now cc: jacobbrogan 
That's in the context of "closing loopholes" and doing tax reform. But tax rate cuts are the end game. 
The GOP now says inequality is a real problem. But their proposed solution so far sounds awfully familiar: Cut taxes: 
Um. RT daveweigel: Perry says official unemployment rate is unreliable: Its been massaged, its been doctored. 
"more wage inequality may be driven by an increase in employment by the largest firms in the economy." 
newsbysamuels cry gt; kiss 
newsbysamuels I know :( 
newsbysamuels lyrics! And a great song to boot..though it doesn't seem to be helping her skate 
AshleyRParker Someone needs to compile into a Spotify playlist 
Steve King keeps "a running list of some 12-16 prominent GOPers whove leveled personal criticisms against him" 
Jeb talking up inequality: "A small portion of the population on the economys up escalator. Portfolios are strong, but paychecks are weak." 
!! RT jacobwe: Congratulations to Atul_Gawande on  NYT bestseller Being Mortal. Ciao, Bill O'Reilly. 
Ain't no party like a Twitter Class Warfare party 'cause a Twitter Class Warfare party don't stop. 
Case in point: RT WSJecon Where are America's millionaires? They're most concentrated in Maryland. 
+1 RT tomscocca: FERAL GOAT magazine 
mikemadden I totally agree. Just my own theory as to why this part of Obama's plan has unleashed the Beltway Outrage Machine. 
RT NickBaumann: The top fifth of DC households make an average of $259,000/year: 
MikeMadden Yes. But that's why there's been a vocal freakout. They're the ones with the platforms. 
ArthurDelaneyHP tell that to my former boss at [redacted] who first made this argument to me re: 250k 
:( RT AdamSerwer: first cat fancy, now modern farmer, i no longer have anything to read 
Yes.  RT jbouie: SuzyKhimm which is crazy, since by the standards of most American families, that is affluent. 
It's all relative. But for DC intellectuals (journalists, policy wonks etc), $150k household income isn't "the wealthy." $2 million is. 
And yes, the definition "middle class" can be whatever is politically convenient. Everyone thinks they're middle class. 
A broader explainer here: Making Sense of the Uproar Over Obamas 529 Proposal: 
For more on who'd actually be affected by Obama's 529 change: 
For lots of folks (including journalists), that's the difference between the very wealthy and the upper-middle class. Thus the outrage. 
Most of Obama's capital gains hikes would affect those earning $2+ million. Most of his 529 change would hit those earning $150,000+. 
RT jbarro: Did you ever actually order anything from Skymall? email me about your experience -- osh.barronytimes.com 
 former co-workers/best journalists around edition: sarahkliff kate_sheppard marincogan jialynnyang  
Fewer and fewer Americans are members of labor unions--11.1 in 2014. Thirty years ago, it was 20. 
"aims to explore deeper...understandings of IR through an interdisciplinary dialogue on the Hello Kitty phenomenon" 
Actual academic conference: "Hello Kitty and International Relations" 
Kind of loving IGGYAZALEA's Tweetstorm right now on the ethos of print journalism: 
Davos has long been a parody of itself, but this year it feels worse than usual:  
Bread bags and poverty traps: How the GOP is rebranding itself (again) as the party for the poor: 
While Obama focused on the middle class, Republicans made sure to mention poverty and the poor last night: 
Post-austerity politics: Ernst doesn't mention "debt" or "deficit." Only two mentions of "spending." 
Obama targets loopholes that are politically easier to villanize--e.g. those who inherit wealth rather than earn it. 
"So let's iron out loopholes to lower rates." OK, sure, but the hard question is *which* loopholes. It's a minefield of special interests. 
He may be done with campaigning, but Obama clearly relishes the vision-making part of elections, with 2016 fully in mind. 
Obama, auteur at heart: "We have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on Earth." 
Words Obama used that were a first in SOTU history: "ironic," hype, Putin, fake, and, yes, "Instagram": 
Listening to Obama, you'd never guess that Dems just got walloped in the midterm elections. 
Obama doing pretty well at reviving that Hopey Changey thing. 
Call back! 
Reminder: U.S.-built Ebola treatment centers in Liberia are nearly empty. Like many others, we responded too late. 
Sherrod Brown: "Its time to put an end to the kind of trade deals that have sold out both American workers and American manufacturers. 
That was quick: Sen. Sherrod Brown's office just sent out a press release releasing blasting the trade agreement that Obama wants. 
Obama is proposing to raise taxes on wealth, not ordinary income. Here's why: 
Obama's tax plan focuses on individual side, not corporate. But Senate Dems introduced an anti-inversion bill today: 
First mention of Instagram in  history?? 
First big split among Dems is on trade pacts. zachdcarter explains why: 
America good 
How will Hillary's economic platform and priorities differ from Obama's? Honest question. 
Obama's hitting on many of the points from CAP's report possible blueprint for Hilarynomics. 
Income is what we earn now. Wealth is what we can draw on for the future (college, retirement, etc)--e.g. what Obama wants to redistribute 
"helping working families feel more secure" i.e. economic security that comes from wealthlong-term asset-building 
Real talk: Homeownership is one of the weaker spots of the recovery and Obama response. Still not enough first-time homebuyers. 
Marketing  Obama's "Death tax" definitely sounds scarier than "step up in basis on capital gains" 
ClaraJeffery pemalevy MotherJones congrats everyone! 
AshleyRParker Ha, just made this call tonight--basically pushed all the baby carrots together until they looked like a normal carrot. :-/ 
On MSNBC shortly to talk about Obama's tax plan. My initial take: 
With his new plan, Obama is trying to shift his party's focus from income gap to the wealth gap: 
Reupping: How Democrats want to reclaim the politics of "hope"--post-recession, post-Obama: 
On MSNBC shortly to talk about what low oil prices mean for American consumers. 
ClaraJeffery thanks for the reminder :( at least it's above freezing in DC today. 
Uber, but for avocados that are actually ripe when you need to use them. 
moody well played, sir. (Also, most excellent video editing) 
RT PeteWilliamsNBC: The US Supreme Court has agreed to take up the issue of same-sex marriage. 
perrybaconjr Thanks, Perry! 
The Green Bay Packers are obsessed with Settlers of Catan: 
Angry populism isn't enough. How Democrats are trying to reclaim the politics of hope: 
Hungry Hungry Hippos: the movie. 
Larry Summers: "Stagnation in wages and middle incomes is a choice, not a necessity." AFL-CIO, CAP, others on the left are pushing same msg 
Horrible. RT jessebyrnes: Woman dies on DC Metro after smoke fills train 
How Americans' refusal to talk about death hurts the elderly: Really excellent piece by sarahkliff 
Such a smart move for HuffPost to nab RachelMorris CitizenCohn amp; gpveis to head up longform. Congrats all around! 
On upwithsteve around 8:15 am and again at 9:10 to talk Jeb, Christie and more... 
"Once hours are financially quantified, people worry more about wasting, saving or using them profitably" 
NYC folks: A 16-year-old Korean-American girl has gone missing. Help find Christine Kang: 
Looking forward to this: On 'Slow Journalism' and storytelling, with eosnos amp; co. next Tuesday: 
How to fall in love with anyone: Fascinating study. 
Hatch on Elmendorf: "I'd be happy to have the CBO director stay, but ...there are those who think otherwise" 
Moody's Analytics on Dec's labor force drop: "While retirements explain some of the decline, participation fell for nearly every age group" 
WH puts positive spin on falling wages. Furman: "Although nominal wages fell in Dec., inflation-adjusted wages have generally been rising.." 
More from RNC: We must do better...Apparently President Obama disagrees. Mediocrity must be good enough for 
GOP takes credit for Nov job gains. Then attacks Dec's weaknesses: "ppl leaving the workforce amp; earnings declining" 
elspethreeve gabrielsnyder Woo, Ellie congrats! Can't wait for the GIFs. 
Congrats, JamilSmith! Bummed to be losing you as a colleague, psyched to see what you'll do at TNR. 
GOP is also pushing a bill to delay the Volcker Rule, a key part of Wall Street reform. zachdcarter explains: 
irin Congrats congrats! I hope you get a great graphics artist. 
Trumka says the solution to inequality is simple: "Raise the wages of 90 of Americans whose wages are lower today than in 1977." So...how? 
Harris, black labor organizer: "If I had a tattoo on my neck, I probably wouldnt be here. We dont like to talk about that, but its real." 
Wisc. organizer railing vs "the capitalist system" that suppresses wages and "allows unarmed men to be killed in the streets"  
Warren mentions trade policy, reclassification of employees as contractors. She amp; others call for gov't infrastructure spending. And then..? 
Everyone at  summit is rallying behind the need to go beyond minimum wage issue. But not many ideas about how to do that so far 
Labor organizer at  summit: "Raising the minimum wage is great, but its not going to solve the problem of massive inequality" 
seungminkim RepScalise is a parody account 
jbview "Gambit", probably more apt. Or ploy. 
Puppy Bowl XI: SOON. I'm betting on Faulkner. 
jonathanchait Yep. Also excludes any economic stimulus bills, of course. 
It's also required for any tax bill expected to cost at least 0.25 of GDP, but that happens only rarely. 
One significant change from earlier reports: GOP leaders can require dynamic scoring for any tax/entitlement bill they deem significant. 
House adopts new "dynamic scoring" rules. Here's why Dems say it's a ruse to pass tax cuts: 
In truth, "structural" forces (in the economic sense) are helping to depress wages. But that doesn't mean they're inevitable either. 
Both Labor Sec Perez and Elizabeth Warren driving home message that low wages are the result of "choices"not "structural" or inevitable. 
Eliz. Warren seizes on middle-class income stagnation, shifting focus from min. wage, which only gets passing mention (per prepared speech) 
Uninsured rate falls to 12.9big drop since Obamacare mandate went into effect. 
"Murakami will also answer fans questions on his likes and dislikes - including cats, a favourite animal of his" 
Kirby Delauter: America's Ed Balls? We can make it happen. 
It's basically too late now for most homeowners -- they were foreclosed on years ago. But it didn't have to be that way. 
Banks were reluctant to participate in HAMP, and it took years for the Obama administration to retool the mortgage relief programs. 
Bailouts went to banks quickly, but not to homeowners: only 36 of TARP funds for mortgage relief have been spent: 
jackshafer tmcgev Politico Teen cc: RacketTeen elspethreeve 
Jeb's PAC: "We believe the income gap is real" Expect more GOPers to talk inequality in '15: 
sarahkliff omg 
RT ciaocatherine Not only can you bear witness to your friends' nuptials, now you can wear their faces on your body 
seungminkim Ughhh 
How a brighter economy changes the GOP playbook: 
In 1979, the most unequal states were poor amp; conservative (MS, LA, AL). In 2012, they were rich amp; blue (NY, MA, CT) 
Larry Summers: "We are recovered only on a definition that defines down what it means to recover. 
"The world is growing less and less dependent on the U.S." 
morningmoneyben I like them 
morningmoneyben No. Both too tall and wide. Smaller and thinner frames would look better. 
morningmoneyben Nope. Too big. 
SaraLibby Great expression on the weinerman's face though 
RT JoshuaGreen: Obama's approval rating is no longer underwater, per latest Gallup 
SaraLibby please tell me a photo was attached 
Consumer confidence at the highest level since 2008--though just barely in positive territory: 
On msnbc in a few, talking about the economy and Wall St reform in 2015 
nielslesniewski Is this real? Saw the same excerpt floating around twitter but no link to verified story. 
"Many of Elizabeth Warren's obsessions are obscure, until she makes them infamous" 
Survivalist chic? A store selling just tin cans of seafood is coming to NYC.   (h/t jonsarlin) 
Nice: Buzzfeed's business desk is hiring a labor reporter: 
All I want for Christmas is another round of TNR think-pieces. 
BaLocke Obama: "People are basically good."  
Obama: Gap btwn black amp; white America "persists." In fact, wealth gap has grown--biggest since 1989. One reason why: 
Yet another big Christmas gift from DC to Wall Street: Volcker Rulea central part of Dodd-Frankdelayed until 2017. 
On in a few with perrybaconjr AshleyRParker LukeRussert  
The upside of "being the last to tell a story": 
Wyoming takes another step towards embracing Obamacare's Medicaid expansion: The GOP bandwagon grows.. 
tanehisicoates I think normative's understanding of the terms are commonly held (at least in DC). But not universal. 
tanehisicoates to avoid confusion, I always just ask my sources what they mean when they want to speak on any of these terms. 
Late last night, the Senate quietly sent another Christmas gift to K Street: 
Obama to those who disagree: "I respect your passion." cc: EliLake 
Obamacare dramatically reduces the coverage gap between whites and minoritiesexcept for black Americans: 
How Obamacare reduces racial inequality: 
Hotel groups suing LA over raising minimum wage to $15.37 for workers at big hotels. 
Worth noting: HHS data is just for If you include state-run exchanges, charles_gaba estimates it's 4.5M or more. 
Obamacare enrollment surges ahead of deadline: 1.1 million signed up week of Dec 6, says HHS. Total since Nov 15 is 2.5 million. 
Actual, front-page WSJ hed: "Women at Work: A Guide for Men" (h/t nikkiusher) 
MT PostRoz Va. state delegate enters plea on sex charge. Will work days at General Assembly, spend nights in jail. 
"Short-term profit was the likely motive along with reluctance to give up what is essentially a taxpayer subsidy" 
Not a fan of this new trend of tweeting personal essays that you didn't actually write in the 1st person. Misleading new kind of clickbait. 
Update on Senate's unfinished business aside from the cromnibus here: 
Lobbyists amp; special interests could get *another* Christmas present: Senate's could vote on tax extenders, too: 
Awesome to hear. RT AlecMacGillis: Very happy to announce that I'll be joining Slate as a staff writer next month. 
Missed this earlier: Jamie Dimon personally called individual lawmakers to lobby for the bill: 
Reid full of praise for Mikulski, says House vote "will help her establish the appropriation committee for what it should be" 
RT SenatorReid The Senate will debate the long-term funding bill tomorrow, and we'll vote on it as soon as possible. 
Many hugs on the House floor, particularly on the Democratic side, as session wraps up...a whole bunch of them aren't coming back again. 
Momentary injection of bipartisan cheer as both parties commemorate John Dingell's last vote after 59 years in office. 
It passes. 
Dem Rep. Farr insists that the underlying budget is a "very progressive appropriations bill." Hoyer also spoke out in favor. Here we go... 
Vote on full cromnibus at 8:55 pm 
RT jialynnyang: Huge credit due to zachdcarter, who broke the story of this derivatives rule a week ago. 
Says Dem meeting was full of speeches (mostly against) and "rousing applause." Schakowsky: "It was like church." 
For many House Dems, this is a come-to-Jesus moment. Key Q is "Which side are you on?" says Schakowsky... 
Also takes a shot at the fruitcake Rep. blumenauer brought earlier: 
Rep Linda Sanchez sends chips and guac to hungry reporters staked out. Someone knows how to work the press. 
Rep Steve Israel: "This isn't about Elizabeth Warren...this is about a core democratic value of protecting the middle class" 
Many House Dems seems willing to risk it with a 3-month CR. Some believe intramural fighting among GOP will put them in their own bind. 
House Dem meeting *still* going on...it started at 5:30 
Awful RT katzish: On assignment in Liberia, 3x Pulitzer Prize winning WaPo photographer Michel du Cille dies at 58 
Earlier today, retiring Rep George Miller, close pelosi ally, spoke on floor of pension reform provision he worked to get in there. 
Blumenauer: Pelosi is sympathetic bc "there are some people who worked very hard to get certain provisions" in bill that Dems do support 
Blumenauer says Pelosi was "very straightforward in terms of the pros and cons...very even handed. she's not going to whip against it" 
Rep Defazio: "we've got to stand up on principal at some point or they're going to kick us even more next year" 
Jim Moran, who took shots at Warren earlier, said death of cromnibus would be a "travesty" that Dens would regret later. 
Fattah also said it's the Senate that added the Dodd Frank rollback but unclear who -- "no one is taking paternity" 
Pelosi did NOT tell Dem members to vote one way or the other on the bill, Rep Fattah says. 
Rep Chaka Fattah: "I thought the WH made a very strong pitch" in Dem meeting to support bill. He is undecided. "I am not no"/also not yes. 
Dem Rep. ruppersberger: "the negotiation isn't over yet...there's more time" (like, uh, 5+ hours) 
RT frankthorpNBC: Pelosi while walking into mtg w/ House Dems: "We are not shutting down the government" 
Rep McDermott to press corps outside Dem meeting: "Waiting for white smoke?" 
WH chief of staff McDonough just walked into the House Dem meeting  
RT LukeRussert:  aide tells me they're feeling better about their count but they need significant D help. 
*Schakowsky 
RT toddzwillich: Dem Rep Shakowski on whipping "no" on cromnibus: "my friend President Obama knows better than to call me." 
Dems who voted for Dodd Frank rollback include Steve Israel (who just spoke out strongly against), Hoyer etc 
Even Lowey, top Dem on Approps, says she's "not ready to announce" her position on the spending bill. 
Waters says she started her own whip operation against the bill after she heard that Obama was lobbying in favor. 
Maxine Waters: "We don't like lobbying done by the president or anyone else...that would be a big gift to Wall Street " 
The part of Dodd-Frank being rolled back is entitled, "Prohibition against federal government bailouts of swaps entities" 
Assume this was re: the congressional staff walkout re Gardner/Ferguson 
OH from Capitol police officer: "only in America do you have a police force and secure air for a protest of their existence" 
More Dem criticism of the Dodd-Frank change tucked into terrorism risk bill here: 
There's *another* change to Dodd-Frank that Rs are trying to pass. Passed House w/all Ds yes but Senate more critical 
Any Republicans other than Vitter speaking out against the swaps provision? 
GOP's problem on the right--gt;RT SteveKingIA Defeat  and come back with King Amendment to strip all executive amnesty on 60 day CR 
It's of course being replaced by a digital alternative: "Catster is for the cat-selfie generation" 
Cat Fancy: yet another casualty of  
But pushing things to the 11th hour, with threat of a gov't shutdown, is a really lousy way to govern, and only top leaders get to deal. 
That's certainly why old-school appropriators like Hal Rogers + Mikulski are happy with the deal--riders are the new earmarks. 
kdrum argues this cromnibus fight is *good* news, b/c it's a return to bipartisan wheeling + dealing:  
mkraju K Street? 
MattLaslo Too soon 
Don't agree that Pelosi's going all out here. She's still not telling members to vote against. "However you decide to vote in the end..." 
"I thank those who continue to give us leverage to improve the bill," says Pelosi. i.e. thanks for nothing Obama 
Reminder: Congress has to do *something* before midnight to keep the lights on and government open. So it's just wait and see for now... 
(Contra that earlier Roll Call story) 
To reiterate: It's the White House, not Hoyer, who's whipping House Ds to support the cromnibus. 
That's because of spending cuts, slower health care costs, and lower interest payments on federal debt (which has been shrinking) 
In other budget news: Federal spending is expected to be $7.8 trillion lower than estimated in 2010, say PattyMurray 
Hoyer is reportedly whipping Dem votes FOR the bill. He voted to roll back the same Dodd-Frank provision in 2013. 
Reupping: How political dysfunction helps lobbyists and kills transparency: 
NickBaumann A feature, not a bug 
krankpress 
Their argument is that the cuts will keep distressed pension plans from going under. but has upset some advocates 
Both Ds and Rs are defending a little-noticed change in cromnibus that allows severe cuts to current retirees' pension plans for 1st time. 
Pelosi isn't whipping her caucus against the bill. But she is telling folks to RT against it! 
DeLauro "I urge my colleagues to vote against" cromnibus. She's in dem leadership but Pelosi says she's not pushing one way or other. 
e.g. EPA riders were very minimal compared to others that GOP was pushing. 
That's how dealmaking went in the cromnibus too: Senate Ds accepted these policy riders to keep other, more dramatic GOP changes out. 
WH says bright side is budget doesn't gut ACA/immigration. Expect a lot of this in 2015: "Dem Victory = kept bad thing from happening." 
WH urges the riders re: Dodd-Frank, campaign finance to be removed but supports passage of the overall cromnibus. 
WH support seriously undercuts Dem revolt. Also crushes hope that Obama would veto similar bill if it got pushed to next Congress. 
RT JakeSherman: WHITE HOUSE ISSUES STATEMENT SUPPORTING CROMNIBUS. 
Hoyer, top House Dem, said he wants to hear where the president stands before deciding whether to support cromnibus. 
Downside for Republicans of a 3-month CR? If there's a fight over immigration/DHS funding in Feb, right will be armed w/a shutdown threat. 
Also remember the funding increases in the Cromnibus also at the expense of IRS, EPA, etc. bc spending caps under Ryan-Murray force cuts 
The counterargument is that a one-year funding increase isn't worth permanent rollback of Dodd-Frank and campaign finance rules. 
Those were worked out by House Rs and Senate Ds during the negotiations, and Dems would lose that leverage in next Congress. 
If Cromnibus falls apart amp; there's a 3-month stopgap, it would erase new funding secured for NIH, Ebola, FDA, NIH, veterans, SEC, CFTC. 
(Though worth noting of course that White House lowered its own 2015 estimates a few weeks before open enrollment started.) 
WH is now "well within striking distance of their projections" for Obamacare 2015 enrollment, says Kaiser's larry_levitt. 
Obamacare enrollment accelerates ahead of Dec 15 deadline (for Jan 1 coverage)total now at 1.4 million. 
It loosens safety regs requiring truck drivers to sleep, allows pension benefits of current retirees to be cut, etc 
Dodd-Frank rollback's getting the most attention, but lots more deregulation amp; giveaways are stuffed into this bill: 
ddayen governing by crisis means the bar for success keeps falling lower; simply averting one immediate crisis comes off as relief/victory 
RT ddayen: 3. In other words, the 1-2 contentious riders are meant to fail, while the other dozen-plus succeed. 
RT mmurraypolitics: SuzyKhimm It's become so hard to pass laws. Conversely, it's so easy to add riders to reform/gut them. Just striking. 
How Congress's modus operandion the budget and everything elsehelps lobbyists and kills transparency: 
RT dnewhauser: Pelosi calls on House Rs to remove campaign finance, Dodd-Frank riders from omnibus before Dems can support 
Well deserved -- congrats! MT jialynnyang Honored to be included in Best Business Writing of 2014 
"All things must pass. The war on ACORN shall endure." zachdcarter's opus: 
Gov't spending bill for 2015 is finally out. Summary here: 
RT jonathanweisman: Senate arguing over torture, use of force against ISIS. House arguing over Jonathan Gruber. 
sahilkapur hereby dubs it the "cromny."    
Gruber's best hope is that we think his remarks on Obamacare were "stupid"and nothing more. 
Republicans don't think Gruber is "stupid"they insist that he's just playing dumb to cover up for Obamacare. 
Now approaching Hour 4 of this Gruber hearing.. 
Questioned by Amash, Gruber said he did not recall what ACA said about setting up federal exchanges--crux of King vs Burwell SCOTUS case 
Not much new from Gruber hearing but most significant stuff came well after many lawmakers and in audience had already left hearing room. 
The aw-shucks folksy populism on Capitol Hill is going to be the death of me. 
Congrats to Rep. Gosar for working a Benghazi reference into the Gruber hearing. 
Given that King vs. Burwell is the single biggest threat to ACA, not sure whether neither Dems nor GOPers seem interested in going there. 
Nope. RT petersuderman GOP Rep. questioning Gruber right now does not appear to understand SCOTUS ACA ruling or Gruber's economic modeling. 
Are Republicans really going to relitigate whether Obamacare is a tax? That SCOTUS case is settled already. What about King vs. Burwell? 
Surprised Issa didn't focus on the most damaging Gruber remarks re: tax credits--fuel for biggest actual threat to the law, King vs. Burwell 
sarahkliff 
Agree with sarakliff here: If Obamacare's biggest problem is Jon Gruber, Obamacare is doing great: 
Gruber spent most time walking back the most damaging of his remarks--re: states that didn't set up their own exchanges wouldn't get credits 
Gruber: "I behaved badly, and I will have to live with that, but my own inexcusable arrogance is not a flaw in the Affordable Care Act" 
Cummings also unloads on Gruber's remarks: "They were irresponsible, incredibly disrespectful and did not reflect reality." 
Cummings: "Grubers statements gave Republicans a public relations gift in their relentless political campaign to tear down the ACA" 
Gruber Ctd: "I made uninformed and glib comments about the political process behind health care reform... I am embarrassed, and I am sorry" 
Rep. Cummings finally appears--manages to get a Dem-picked witness on the panel as well. 
From Gruber's prepared testimony, which he will give shortly. Full text here: 
Gruber: "I was not the 'architect' of President Obama's health care plan...I am an economist who ran a complex microsimulation model" 
Tavenner on false Obamacare enrollment numbers: "Simply put, this was a mistake." 
Rep. Elijah Cumming, Ranking Dem on oversight, is absent from the Gruber hearing, so Issa had the opening statement to himself. 
Issa says he subpoenaed HHS for data about enrollment and did not receive it as of last night. 
All eyes are on Gruber, but Tavenner also in hot seat for false Obamacare enrollment numbers--7.3 million that included dental plans. 
Gruber vs World 
FranklinFoer was my first boss in DC and one of the sharpest editors anywhere. Congrats to whoever gets to work with him next. 
! RT mlcalderone: Breaking: New Republic editor FranklinFoer has resigned, per memo to staff. 
"More than 400 people who had been jailed at least 18 times in the last 5 years." Result: 10,000+ jail admissions 
jbview Thanks! Great company. 
 RacketTeen 
If you like your Obamacare, you can keep your Obamacarebut you could be paying more in 2015 unless you switch plans. 
Stat is from a new Gallup poll showing 70 of those covered through the Obamacare exchanges like their plans: 
68 in O'care exchange say they'll renew same plan. But they could be in for sticker shock if they don't shop around: 
onceuponA ashishkjha JasonMillman That's not quite what the poll says. It says 7 will change plans. 
"The officer then attempted to draw her baton but accidentally grabbed her flashlight instead." WH's Keystone Cops. 
darth Duck's return made the front page of this neighborhood paper: 
Need another Shingy fix? "I want multiquant"; "Embrace always logged in."  
RT caleb_crain: Guccifer's hacking technique consisted of reading about people and then guessing their passwords. 
MAHAMOSA I'd love to hear more about your experience -- could you email me on uzy.khimmnbcuni.com? I can also DM you my phone  Thx! 
America is now Ebola-free. But to stay that way, we need more doctors like Craig Spencer: 
No more Ebola in US but W Africa epidemic hasn't stopped. That's why these women are following Dr Spencer's footsteps 
Insured through the Obamacare exchanges? Planning on keeping or dumping it in 2015? Tell me about it: suzy (dot) khimm (at) nbcuni (dot) com 
HHS exchange enrollment projections lower than CBO's. Burwell's spin: Its not about the numberits about the analytics under the number" 
Burwell on King vs. Burwell: "As we go into open enrollment, nothing has changed" re: subsidies. (Reality: Nothing has changed...yet) 
My latest on two American nurses who just left DC for Liberia. How Ebola actually gets stopped. 
What kind of person drops everything to go fight Ebola in West 
 Essential reading during this election/all elections: mollyesque bterris PhilipRucker jmartNYT JoshuaGreen AlecMacGillis 
kate_sheppard craigtimes OMG that lede 
Awesome idea. RT mlcalderone Sounds like a great beat: sergenyt named investigative reporter for culture: 
nikkiusher Native ads 
Florida man buys foreclosed home, finds body inside: "...nobody cared enough to check. CristelaGuerra 
In South Dakota, winning GOP Senate candidate Rounds opposed it--but as Gov he shepherded stage's last min. wage hike 
State min. wage increases not always a partisan issue. GOP's Cotton amp; Parnell both backed them in AR/AK. 
The bar: a popular destination at Nunn HQ right now 
Crowd at Nunn rally is anxious. Big "booo" goes up when Nathan Deal's name and projected results go up on TV. 
RT JoshuaGreen: A Gardner win changes complexion of the whole election: a GOP win in a state that went twice for Obama. 
MSNBC is doing its first exclusively digital election night program, streaming live here. I'll be on shortly! 
Full house waiting for GA-Sen results to come in at Nunn's party 
Kids passing the time at Nunn's victory party by rolling around a tennis ball. Tres old-school. 
Here's why red states are hiking the minimum wage: 
1bobcohn South Dakota 
And another! NBC News projects that Nebraska's ballot initiative to raise the minimum wage to $9 will pass. That's 2 of 4 red states so far. 
NBCNews projects that Arkansas has approved a ballot initiative to raise the minimum wage to $8.50 by January 2017. 
NBC News projects Jeanne Shaheen to win New Hampshire. Scott Brown goes down (again). 
Cornell Harvey became 1st black mayor of Brunswick, Georgia in 2013: "The state is ready to do that turn" amp; go blue. 
Hard to overstate just how revered Sam Nunn remains throughout Georgia, by Republicans and Dems alike. 
When asked whether Democrats would keep the Senate tonight, Sam Nunn replied: "I have no ideaI'll leave that to somebody else." 
Former Sen. Sam Nunn says his daughter's election could "set an example" for bipartisan compromise in Senatebut says GOP must change too. 
Sam Nunn at his daughter's election party! 
Nunn campaign pleads for voters who got in line by 7 pm to still there, claims there are still many voters waiting in ATL's College Park. 
AndyKroll Woah, glasses. Bold! 
NBCNews says Georgia Senate is still too early to call. This guy in the Nunn ballroom already seems antsy: 
Groups registered 86,000 new voters in Georgia this year44 of them were 18-25 years old. 
Younger, minority voters are key to Democrats' great hopes for Georgia. Did they show up this year? 
elisefoley "Can Grimes oust McConnell? A look at her path so far." 
elisefoley Ha, well that was quick. 
A little late to the party? 
TV crews getting settled in for a long night in Atlanta: 
Rapper or libertarian? Uncle Sam really wants your money, you know, I want mine too" cc: kate_sheppard 
Rappers headlining Rock the Vote in Atlanta didn't register in time to vote. But 4,000 young folks came to the show: 
jbouie pretty quiet right now but I'm guessing there will be an evening surge 
Election protection volunteers have been here all day in Adamsville, a predominately black Atlanta neighborhood 
Most important ballot measures up for a vote today: 
This GOP enclave explains why the Georgia Senate race is still so close: 
Also on the ballot today: Four GOP-leaning states will decide whether to hike the minimum wage. 
Lesson in the dangers of equating lines at one polling site with turnout: Many here only found out after waiting they were at wrong site. 
Black voters here cite diff't reasons for backing Nunn: "She's a strong woman"; "I simply do not like Perdue"; "so Dems can have majority" 
Election official in Atlanta says many people at this polling place were confused amp; showed up to wrong placethis was an early voting site. 
Vote by Harley in Atlanta 
Lunchtime rush at polling place in Adamsville, predominantly black suburb of Atlanta. Line's growing longer: 
NBC's kwelkernbc with two voters. They want to strengthen Ocare--one is a cancer survivor, the other is uninsured. 
RT kasie:  msnbc reporters in the field: BenjySarlin aseitzwald SuzyKhimm trymainelee zackroth perrybaconjr 
Line at an Atlanta polling station: 
GOP's main attack vs. Nunn is that she'll green light Obama's agenda. That suits some of her biggest fans just fine: 
On Hardball around 7 pm to talk Georgia senate 
This is what the Nunn coalition looks like: 
Nunn spotting! 
GOTV-splain' with the Nunn campaign 
Clipboards at the ready for Nunn's final canvassing push 
alexremington north Dekalb shopping mall 
Outside Michelle Nunn's field office in Dekalb 
On MSNBC at 2:30 pm from Atlanta to talk about my dispatch from the Senate race. 
This GOP-leaning suburb of Atlanta shows why Georgia's Senate race remains so close: 
thebrandedgirl His dog's name is Annie ,and she was whimpering during the whole interview. "Stop talking politics and pet me." 
Jim Jenkins is a registered GOPer who hates Perdue, likes Nunn, but not sure he can bring himself to vote for a Dem. 
RT rosierifka: SuzyKhimm voted early in east cobb (marietta) LOOOONG lines - -for w/e that means?! 
Both because she likes Obama and because she doesn't feel like Nunn will just rubberstamp his policies. 2/2 
Talked to Democrat in Marietta, GOP-dominated suburb of Atlanta, who feels fired up over Republican attempts to tie Nunn to Obama 1/2 
Marietta business owner Gerald Alvarez hopes Perdue will help GOP take Senate--but also thinks Nunn would do good 
chrislhayes Nope, it's mandatory. 
In Colorado, one Democratic candidate wore a button that said VOTE OR DIE! It felt like that. 
nikkiusher WaPo's own ErikWemple was the first to point this out I believe 
Headed to Atlanta for the final stretch of the election. See y'all on the other side... 
Is Obama's Ebola czar just window-dressing, as critics claim? I look at Ron Klain's first days on the job: 
Here's what Ebola czar Ron Klain has actually been up to: 
Kniiiicks! 
BuzzFeedBen explain why it's so critical to invest in foreign correspondents: Also early  to itsjina 
lucia_graves *has 
lucia_graves That came from a forehead scanner, which have a mixed record of accuracy: 
RT NKingofDC: "Her two adult children are homeless while working at the salad chain Sweetgreen." 
alexanderchee I'd say one on the right if you think you might use/need blank space. If not, middle one. 
Obama on need to focus on Ebola in West Africa: "We cant hermetically seal ourselves off" 
ICYMI: How poor Americans think a minimum wage hike would change their livesand how it wouldn't.  
In Liberia, a Good or Very Bad Sign: Empty Hospital Beds. 
Not all minimum-wage workers are thrilled about the prospect of a small wage hike. Here's why: 
On the necessityand impossibilityof Ebola contact-tracing in Liberia. Must read ksieff's latest: 
South Dakota has lower unemployment amp; faster growth than most of the U.S.but wages haven't risen there, either: 
dguttenfelder captures life on the minimum wage in South Dakota: and here: 
They want you to succeed, but they dont want you to get ahead of them. 
A minimum wage hike is more popular than any statewide candidate in South DakotaRepublican or Democrat. 
Four GOP-controlled states are poised to hike the minimum wage in November. Here's why: 
Baby lions. I feel ya, little guy. (h/t AdamSerwer) 
nickconfessore Good summary of the case against travel bans: 
ryanbeckwith ktumulty Missed the news about your new gig -- congrats! 
More US troops/civilians head to Africa to aid Ebola fight Im respectful of the pathogen, but Im not afraid of it 
"Souls to the Polls": How black churches are trying to boost turnout in Georgia, by pemalevy: 
Obama administration is now pressuring NY/NJ to reverse their mandatory Ebola quarantine orders: 
sarahkliff YAY! 
kdrum Get well soon, Kevin! Our thoughts and prayers are with you. 
Cuomo falsely accuses Dr Spencer of violating quarantine protocols Dr followed all protocols, wasn't under quarantine 
geohyde54 The single best way to protect America is to stop the epidemic in Africa. Travel restrictions aren't very effective. 
Potential downside would be if auto quarantine deters health care volunteers. Africa amp; world desperately need them: 
Should we quarantine all healthcare workers returning from Ebola Zone? Politicians: yup! Health experts: Won't help. 
If you actually want to protect yourself (and everyone else) from Ebola: 
Watching This Porcupine Taste a Pumpkin Is Why the World Is Going to Be Okay Today: 
"The New York Ebola patient is a brave and heroic doctor. Stop criticizing his bowling trip." sarahkliff throws down 
"I'm a believer in an abundance of caution but I'm not a believer of an abundance of idiocy." 
DrJudyStone maggiemfox Emoty hospital statement today re Vinson: "Tests no longer detect virus in her blood" 
Why did the Dallas nurses recover from Ebola so quickly? NBC's maggiemfox explains: 
MarieMyungOkLee Just based on that account from Doctors Without Borders, quoted in earlier story; didn't get hospitals themselves on record 
timothypmurphy No AMA? 
nikkiusher Pix. Though probably picks as well. 
(In addition to leading the World Bank, Kim is a medical doctor who co-founded Partners in Health with Paul Farmer.) 
Kim wants hospitals in US amp; elsewhere to send more health workers to Africa. Praises Cuba, which is sending 450. 
World Bank Pres. Kim's single biggest concern about Ebola: not enough health care workers in West Africa. 
World Bank president: "Dr. Spencer is a hero." 
"Nearly all the patients treated in the United States have received some form of experimental treatment" for Ebola 
tstack07 Sad face. 
Of course we can question CDC protocol amp; they certainly don't have a perfect track record. But that doesn't mean real experts know nothing. 
Congrats to all of the newly minted infectious disease experts and epidemiologists of Twitter! Let's have your gut instinct make policy now. 
World Bank Presient: By going to Guinea, "Dr Spencer went and did the one thing we need to do to stop more cases here amp; everywhere else" 
juliaioffe Agree with broader point. But Spencer did not appear to show active symptoms of Ebola that night amp; that distinction matters. 
igorbobic Czar in charge of dogs? Or Czar who is a dog? Or both? 
US officials and aid groups are seeing more empty beds in Liberia's once-overflowing Ebola wards: 
Scientists consider using robots to fight Ebola: 
All 500 Nigerian health workers being sent to fight Ebola are volunteers: 
MT lpolgreen Nigeria sending 500 to help with Ebola.  / Amid fears of staffing shortage: 
Travel bans send a "very clear signal that we dont care about you, we only care about ourselves," one expert says: 
Doctors Without Borders "overwhelmed by requests from U.S. hospitals" who say they don't trust the CDC: (Link fxd) 
AdamSerwer Erp thanks. 
US soldiers are building Ebola treatment centersbut won't run them. Doctors Without Borders says that's a mistake: 
igorvolsky Is there a source other than Breitbart that has a transcript of this call? 
"AllRenee Zellweger did was what we told her to do: look different." Read sarahkliff: 
CharisseHaislop khaislop1 lexiiii_xoxo EHaislop hey ladies, what are the plans for girls night? Can't wait  
Charitable donations for Ebola relief are slow to take off: 
Four updates in my inbox about Bentley, dog of nurse with Ebola. And that's just for today.  
What West Africa (and thus the world) actually, specifically needs right now to stop Ebola: 
"It could have been an ambush!...He could have had Ebola! Varsay looked at me. That what yall do in America?" 
How is this real? 
cc: moody TulsiGabbard RT timothypmurphy Email from Rep. Paul Broun, M.D. demands steps be taken to "secure our boarders" 
First time I've seen (and used) embedded sign-up button on Twitter. Took 2 clicks amp; no typing to subscribe here 
moody congrats! 
Vinson's family doesn't explicitly say why they've hired a lawyer, but mentions "we are troubled by some of the negative public comments." 
WaPo rundown on Billy Martin and his famous clients here: 
Amber Vinson's family, ctd: "She has not and would not knowingly expose herself or anyone else." Fully story coming in a bit... 
Vinson family: "Suggestions that she ignored any of the physician and government-provided protocols recommended to her are patently untrue" 
Amber Vinson, 2nd nurse to get Ebola, has retained DC lawyer Billy Martin. His previous clients: Michael Vick, Larry Craig, Lewinsky's mom. 
Liberian president: "whole world has a stake" in defeating Ebola. . Int'l donations falling short of UN/aid requests. 
Gov. Kasich agrees we need to focus on Africa. "They are our brothers amp; sisters as well": Though wants travel ban too 
CDC official: U.S. must focus on Africa, "ground zero for Ebola" Thats really where we need to be concentrating. 
RT ajjaffe: Have heard multiple unsolicited Qs from voters for candidates on ISIS and Ebola this week. Nada, btw, on OCare. 
Kasich: "They are our brothers and sisters as well. That doesnt mean we dont take tough action now in terms of protecting ourselves" (2/2) 
Kasich backs travel ban but also wants developed world to devote more resources to Africa: "We are all made in the image of the Lord." (1/2) 
Kasich: "If you are currently concerned about this, organize your state." Says local officials, responders are the "foundation" of response. 
Ohio Gov Kasich: "Don't think there is some magic solution that comes with the arrival of the CDC." 
"At the meeting on Wednesday, officials say, Mr. Obama placed much of the blame on the C.D.C." 
 ksieff, WaPo's reporter in Liberia 
Uhh. 
The one where I get asked whether I'm a Muslim. A first! 
America in the age of anxiety. A dispatch: 
JustinWolfers congrats! 
He lives down the street from an Ebola-quarantined house. But he thinks everyone's overreacting: "It creates a panic 
America's in an Ebola panic. But at the Ohio home where 2nd infected nurse stayed, folks wish we would just calm down 
RT sarahkliff: Most research suggests that a travel ban would only make the Ebola outbreak worse. 
POTUSProf CatastrophePol thanks for the tip! Ill reach out 
Another face mask on car rental shuttle from Cleveland airport. Driver repeatedly asks if anyone needs hand sanitizer.  
jswatz Yep...Also hope that officials realize the public is really taking cues from them. Overreacting fuels the anxiety. 
jswatz they cancelled school in Cleveland bc teacher was on a different flight "but perhaps the same aircraft" as the nurse. Full freakout 
Woman on my flight to Cleveland--where second nurse with Ebola flew from--is wearing latex gloves.  
I'll take this to heart as well. Headed to Cleveland right now to cover the second nurse diagnosed with Ebola... 
So always worth double/triple-checking when it comes to these Ebola new developments, as w/any breaking story. 
Dallas Morning News item of "no protective gear for 2 days" cited AP. But only AP story I could find doesn't say that 
CDC: Not true nurses didn't wear protective gear--they didn't wear biohazard suits initially: 
ksieff Just tried to find the latest via WaPo/NYT homepages and it's almost all Dallas, with a sprinkling of WHO quotes. 
ksieff Can understand where you're coming from. Unfort nearly all the Ebola news from Africa has been buried in US-centric coverage. 
thegarance nycsouthpaw NickBaumann  
Ebola nurse's puppy is also in quarantine: Gah. 
Presbyterian workers wore no protective gear for two days while treating Ebola patient. What. The. What. 
cbellantoni BRAAAINS, obviously. 
As Election Day draws closer, Americans are getting even *less* interested in the midterms. 
AaronBlakeWP Also love that he's running as a Moderate. 
"These scandals are not good for the Jews, he added. 
Tea Party candidate on prospect he could spoil SD's Senate race: Duty belongs to us, results belong to God. 
A tribute to geoffreycowley and his work here: 
So saddened to hear about the passing of geoffreycowley, an incredibly kind soul who was fiercely dedicated to journalism as public service 
America's fastest-growing professionhome health aidesis joining the fight for higher wages: lydiadepillis 
CDC changes Ebola care guidelines for U.S. hospitals after Dallas case: 
Facebook and Apple will now pay for female employees to freeze their eggsup to $20k in coverage. 
BuzzFeed promotes data czar to publisher, adding an Asian-American woman to top management tier of 3 white men. 
He has 18 Twitter followers, anonymous GOP endorsements amp; sleeps in an RV. But he could still upend SD's Senate race: 
How a religious right/Tea Party activist could spoil South Dakota's free-for-all Senate race. Meet Gordon Howie: 
drgrist Crazy how political taboo it still is to mention this. I took a look here: 
GWU prof. believes climate change helped fuel rise of ISIS, which has seized scarce water resources in region. 
My take on Weiland--an Elizabeth Warren Democrat--from a town hall in western South Dakota: 
New poll from GOP firm has Weiland within 4 points of Rounds in SD-Senate (33-37). Pressler crashing at 23. 
Also reminds me of the kerfuffle a million news cycles ago about Harry Reid amp; federal funding for cowboy poets: 
Pressler: "Cowboys or people living on remote ranches get great solace from poetry." First started reading to correct his childhood stutter 
Sad I left SD before Larry Pressler's poetry reading. He's going to read one about "the slide rule amp; other things that have been forgotten." 
"Panic moves faster than any virus." 
jonathanweisman also weiland's message at least is that you shouldn't be able to buy citizenship and wants to dump the whole program. 
jonathanweisman State AG hasn't found anything. Seems that Feds won't say if they're investigating it seems and Dems are running with that. 
jonathanweisman official in Rounds' Cabinet overseeing EB5 was under investigation for misapprop. $550k from it. Then he killed himself. 
RT ewaltersTX: "These protocols work," CDC director Tom Frieden says. "There is a need to enhance training." 
NIH official Dr. Fauci on Meet the Press: "The best way to protect Americans is to completely suppress the epidemic in West Africa." 
morningmoneyben samsteinhp ReformedBroker I believe they said in presser the worker treated him Sept 28, the day Duncan was diagnosed. 
morningmoneyben samsteinhp ReformedBroker Took precautions after they found Duncan was infected. But worker may have treated him before. 
On upwithsteve shortly, talking about all manner of things. 
Larry Pressler: A "Fix the Debt" fiscal hawk who believes entitlement reform should be our top priority:  
Weiland: "Is it really too liberal to open up Medicare for everyone, to give them insurance?" Wants everyone to able to opt in. 
Weiland on college campus: "I think sometimes we check out too often." Translation: VOTE PLEASE VOTE (for me). 
Rick Weiland meets a college student wearing a curious hat. 
TPM commenter makes the front page in Rapid City: 
I'll be in the Black Hills area all week to cover the SD Senate race and minimum wage ballot initiative. 
Hello, Rapid City! Just got here and have already heard my first Mike Rounds radio spot.  
The increasingly important Asian-American vote: 
mikememoli KateNocera On the one hand, dogs. On the other, cats.  
Yes, anthropologists can save lives. via dandrezner 
Bezos is going to pre-install a WaPo app on every new Kindle Fire: 
Love ChuBailiang's mini-portraits of  protesters. and many more on his timeline. 
...Then Obama told a business owner that minimum wage would help raise demand, so "you can afford to charge a little bit more." 2/2 
In the same speech, Obama told one audience member that min. wage hike won't raise prices, as businesses have to compete with each other 1/2 
kdrum Love these guys. Bookworms already, it seems. 
If you name it, you own it, said a defense official. And they dont want to own it. 
cc: Shteyngart MT DavidGrann The Chemistry Behind the Smell of Old Books 
Also, congrats and  to Goldfarbgreat WH/policy reporter and now the new policy editor at WaPo for Wonkblog and TheStoryline. 
Great hire. RT CarlosLozadaWP WaPo news: chriscmooney joins washingtonpost Wonkblog to write on the environment. 
Odd to emphasize the one word Obama didn't explicitly say: though yes, speech made it clear his agenda = Democrats' 
In other news: "Mosquito-borne virus that can cause debilitating joint pain lasting for years has spread to the...US" 
Th Secret Service agent who finally tackled the WH fence-jumper was off duty and just HAPPENED TO BE THERE: 
Study: Chap 13 bankrtupcy increases annual earnings by $5,562, decreases 5-year mortality by 1.2 percentage points. 
alexanderchee Congrats on making this happen! Amazing. 
24 writers selected for the  spend the next year writing on long-distance trains Awesome. 
KevinNR If any credible organization, leader, or campaign endorsed this, I think it would be a different story. 
KevinNR I don't think a single Gawker blog post plus RFK Jr. constitutes "the Left." 
DC's bipartisan, "solutions-driven," self-appointed white knights might be the epitome of smarm, a la tomscocca: 
GOP Senate candidates in Alaska and Arkansas among those backing state-level minimum wage increases: 
No Labels's policy plan makes little fiscal sense. 
mlcalderone CarlosLozadaWP though no one opted for that snarky classic, "The Politico." 
mlcalderone CarlosLozadaWP The Politico vs. POLITICO.detail says it all. 
Early  to New York mag's latest brilliant addition, marincogan! Follow her if you know what's good for you. 
StevenTDennis What do you think Ds could have done differently, and what policy options weren't explored enough? (asking sincerely) 
e.g. GOP didn't want tax hikes in sweeping budget deal, Dems insisted. Thus, no big grand bargain. It's not b/c a dearth of "ideas." 
Huntsman: Problem w/DC is "nobodys telling you what the outcome is supposed to look like." False-the visions are just diametrically opposed 
DC "drivers get speeding tickets for violations they dont commit and for vehicles theyve never owned." 
dfreelon this is true 
dfreelon it's kind of this weird trend on college campuses: 
BLS attributes -17k food/beverage jobs to "employment disruptions at a grocery store chain in New England." Sounds like Market Basket. 
vgmac Neil_Irwin sad face. 
Can't wait to dig into danagoldstein's "The Teacher Wars": Rave NYT reviews here: 
ICYMI: The business of lending to undocumented immigrants is on the rise.  on their path to homeownership 
Why's the black-white gap in net worth is so big? Major factor is housing wealth--as we've learned not so easy to fix 
Wells Fargo might offer mortgages to undocumented immigrantsa service big banks almost never provide: 
My computer just auto-corrected "Erbil" to "gerbil." :/ 
Elephants dancing to Bach! 
RT bradplumer: Wow. Five co-authors of this new paper on tracking Ebola died from the disease before publication: 
Can't wait for DanaGoldstein's book to come out next week! 
They don't have legal status, but they do have mortgages. My deep dive on undocumented homeowners:  
petridishes ktumulty Goofy is most definitely a dog. 
Can you "bulletproof an investigative story so...aggressive lawyers hoping to sue for libel will slump in despair?" 
Forget 2016. Why Democrats are setting their sights on 2020: 
RT AdamSerwer: Who are Ferguson's young protestors? Fire from blackink12 
lizzieohreally 
maxlinsky longform Yesss. 
DRZZL Try: 
zackroth directs to the page 
"you defend what your concept of manhood is at all cost. 
RT DRZZL Didn't even ask Asians? MT BrandOneCulture pewjournalism: Latinos less focused on  cc: timkmak 
jljacobson Sadly, yes. 
"Athleisure" is up there with "journopreneur" on the list of my least favorite portmanteaus. 
75 of those who were infected or died from Ebola in Liberia were women, who tend to caregivers on the front lines: 
Very timely job alert: Senior digital editor for race, policy, and social issues at NPR: 
"It wasn't until later that I noticed the cameraman was stepping on the memorial to Michael Brown." 
At least 5 migrant children deported from U.S. have been killed upon returning home to Honduras, local morgue says. 
One group instead chanted hands up, shoot back, suggesting the peaceful mood might not last. 
"Many others...have arrived by bus and by car from Chicago, Detroit, Brooklyn and elsewhere" 
Creeping Bezos in WaPo: Embedded "Buy It Now" link that goes straight to Amazon. 
Hoont gotta love the French fry auto signature. 
Jesus. Please stay safe tonight, everyone.  
kevinroose you'll have fun. For serious! 
Top 10 Moments of Global Schadenfreude over  cc: ishaantharoor 
China's state media on Ferguson: (via jialynnyang) 
Reporters to follow on the ground in Ferguson: trymainelee iamsakuma blackink12 jonswaine zackroth jelani9 ryanjreilly aterkel 
Many conflicting reports amid the  chaos last night. Here's what iamsakuma amp; zackroth actually witnessed: 
Reporter witnessed "four armed teenaged boys who were firing live rounds from pistols into the air" last night: 
Any other eyewitness accounts of Molotov cocktails being thrown by protestors? Report from iamsakuma via irin was the first I've seen. 
Reporter (amp; Af/Pak correspondent) for the Telegraph --gt; RT robcrilly I have been arrested and am being walked away from the area 
"In the span of 24 hours, Johnson had gone, in the communitys eyes, from empowered native son to black token" 
EvanMcSan daveweigel BenjySarlin All of the upvotes for Ted's face in this photo. 
CristelaGuerra Congrats! 
happysquid great to meet you (like, 60 secs ago)at  
allinwithchris doing a fantastic live show from  Just spoke with STL city police; trymainelee now. 
minakimes same here! Yay, IRL. 
Got to meet evachen212. Day: made.  
jaycaspiankang: It doesn't reflect the way people read, which is skimming stuff, often on their phones. 2/2  
jaycaspiankang on longform: "It's almost an outdated vanity to say there's a correct length and shorter is better." 1/2 
jaycaspiankang: "I don't understand why everyone's fixated on this distinction" between print and web. Amen! 
mccrummenWaPo on her embedded narrative approach: "It's not just a person at the top of the story amp; then policy, policy, policy"  
tomthuang: "You can..think of Facebook as a way to find your voice and build your writing there." evefairbanks has done this beautifully. 
Difference btwn writing for NYer vs. Grantland? jaycaspiankang: "If I write the word reenactment, I have to put an umlat over the second e" 
My hands are behind my back, I said. Im not resisting." At which point one officer said: Youre resisting." 
Still nothing from GovJayNixon. Last tweet was about a school board vote, 3 hrs ago. 
Live stream here: And from local Fox affiliate here:  
RT chrislhayes tomgara all satellite trucks have been ordered out, so no way to get live images out for cable nets 
On the ground at the  protest right now: trymainelee blackink12 jonswaine 
ryanjreilly on MSNBC right now--says police officer who arrested him purposefully slammed his head into a glass door on the way out. 
Police at the McDonald's where he was arrested: RT WesleyLowery "We cannot guarantee your safety. We will not be answering 911 calls" 
RT WesleyLowery: Also Ryan Reilly of Huff Po. Assaulted and arrested 
WaPo reporter in Ferguson --gt; RT WesleyLowery: Was arrested 
RT WesleyLowery: Was arrested 
KSoltisAnderson EchelonInsights You have to check out Rachel_pfeffer's awesome work: 
NickBaumann e.g. subject matter experts who may be more interested in and sympathetic to your info request. Not appeals-specific, though. 
NickBaumann Actually at a FOIA workshop right now! One tip: try the reach the records administrators actually putting together the docs. 
For FOIA requests stuck in purgatory, myhlee will call out public officials on their Facebook pages; Twitter also works.  
Reporting resources via  Archive o/defunct gov't websites Tracking changes to websites 
johntabin Thank you for sharing this, John. Your courage will help others. 
Buzzfeed: $850M. AdamSerwer: Priceless. Sad to be losing an awesome colleague; happy he's got a great new gig. 
nikkiusher Plenty of seating inside. My issue is that I felt old and dowdy when I walked in. It's too cool for school, man. 
Inbox: "Immediate Expert Commentary Available on the Suicide of Robin Williams." NOPE. 
Missed this amid the flurry of coverage: JordanPeele will be an adviser to Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. YES. 
nikkiusher You'll be able to find something. Super residential. 
evachen212, baller: 
CaraMaresca there's a wireless network at a coffee shop here called "Killer Tofu." Props. 
Death by selfie: (h/t nycjim) 
" 'Media'is a poisoned word in today's tech landscape. It connotes old, money-losing print publications." 
Want to attract VC to your media outlet? Step 1: Call yourself a tech company. 
AlyssaRosenberg I'm interested to see, if so! Different set of incentives to be sure. 
AlyssaRosenberg One more example for your piece: 
And AlyssaRosenberg is already on it, of course: 
Would love to read AlyssaRosenberg and emilynussbaum on Buzzfeed trying to make the leap from short web videos to TV/film... 
Old and busted: News editors. New hotness: "Content Coaches." 
AlisonBechdel's Fun Home is headed to Broadway! 
All hail AdamSerwer for this lede: "First things first, Nicki Minaj will not literally eat your brains." 
Fair to assume that Charles Koch provided his own hyperlinks in this op-ed? 
bterris Rachel_pfeffer They both get crowns. 
bterris OMG. OMG! rachel_pfeffer FTW! 
saralibby igorbobic What say you? 
Turnip for What: 10 Vintage Pictures of Turnip Farming. Slow clap. 
zachdcarter It's some Generation Z (is that what we're calling them?) kid thing. 
Glad I'm not alone MT nytimes: When Amy Bloom is in need of serious procrastination, the back o/a cereal box will do 
Next door there are five Elmos, said Miguel Lezama. "I live with a Cookie Monster." 
On upwithsteve at 8 am to talk about economic inequality and politics. 
 arthur_affect for writing this this and other things that ring true. 
timothypmurphy RepSwalwell is your guy: 
Nicole_Cliffe mallelis Chocolate palomino! 
samsteinhp 1. Mangosteen 
"Most of us argue about Gaza from a safe distance." 
"Hi, I'm running for governor. Here's a million dollars!" 
Someone needs to Blingee the McDonnell swag photos. 
JGreenDC Case in point: 
Not only is amandahess in the Best American Sports Writing it's also for this amazing read: 
Not everyone loves where digital journalism is heading. But I think we can all agree that "journopreneur" is an awful word. 
luriethereal Qualia in Petworth has a counter against the wall that works for working while standing. 
morningmoneyben This preview left me feeling that way for sure: 
SarahNEmerson ! Pix or it didn't happen. 
So ready.   
Per Jacob_Brogan, the correct hashtag is  
"Plagiarism is far from the worst problem in journalism. But it seems to be the one of the few..editors respond to" 
GrahamDavidA "Enthusiastic!" "No, everyone says 'enthusiastic'!" etc etc. 
GrahamDavidA She's asking the baristas and patrons what three words she should use to describe herself. 
Woman at coffee shop is crowd-sourcing her yoga work-study application. Another's translating "family planning" into Arabic.  
Woo! Congrats, Sarah and WaPo Biz. RT CarlosLozadaWP Big kudos to sarahhalzack, new national retail reporter for washingtonpost! 
SaraLibby jbouie stacyqc Or go into the [anything at all wedding-related] business. 
Can't wait for the marincogan or bterris dispatch on this: 
GroverNorquist is heading to Burning Man. Here's why he'll feel right at home: 
lucia_graves Is one of them SutterBrown? 
2008: Politicians on Second Life. 2016: Politician holograms? 
Robots replace real fans at Korean baseball stadium. You can upload your own face to the bot. (h/t alexismadrigal) 
scottwongDC Congrats, Scott! thehill is lucky to have you. 
This ad is confounding and amazing: Relatedly: 
New David Mitchell book comes out Sept 2! [SIREN] 
Heh. 
"the money [for immersive reporting] is there; its just often misallocated on expensive trips for correspondents" 
emilynussbaum see: 
On MHPshow in just a minute to talk ACA and Halbig. 
david_rees FTW! MT aseitzwald: While channel surfing, I was instantly captivated by a show on how to dig holes. 
bterris lucia_graves paywalled :( 
RT zengerle: David Rees, national treasure 
nikkiusher geekwire Bad link 
JGreenDC :( 
JGreenDC Ha. Well, if it makes you feel any better, just locating the right paper/stat required even more weed-digging. 
JGreenDC Thanks! 
This is pretty spot-on.  
Look forward to hearing more from Ryan about 1) implementation and cost of case management; 2) EITC payfors. 
JGreenDC It's the cost "to serve the average participant during her time in the program". Details here: 
Even if you decide that not every poor person needs a case manager, how do you determine who does and who doesn't? Would require screening. 
EricKleefeld Social Worker Job Stimulus program! 
JeffYoung plays the long game: Slow clap. 
In Nebraska, individualized case management w/home visits = $7,400-$8,300 per person. Even pared down would be costly 
And there's mounting evidence that the most effective way to combat poverty is just to hand out cold hard cash: 
You could argue it's worth the investment. But you have to account for the additional costs/resources. The money has to come from somewhere. 
The problem w/scaling up individual case management, per Ryan's plan? It's expensive and resource-intensive: [fixed] 
Sorry, wrong link! 
reihan's take: 
Ryan's plan creates "a huge new anti-poverty bureaucracy," says econjared: 
Pretty basic question about Ryan's plan: What if participants clash with their case managers about what kind of aid they really need? 
Ryan's shorthand for his plan: "localize, personalize, customize, and integrate." 
LarryMcVA It's not a budget. 
Ryan pushes back on "block grant" label: "It isnt a garden-variety block grant...it's designed to have customized and personalized aid" 
Brookings' Ron Haskins quickly calls the "opportunity grant" for what he think it is: a block grant. 
Sounds like federal money for renewable energy, e.g. 
What corporate welfare does Ryan want to end? "Efforts to commercialize favored energy technologies." 
Paul Ryan's proposal is up here: 
Livestream of Paul Ryan's anti-poverty speech: 
fmanjoo kevinroose cwarzel daweiner I cheaped out on a blender, and it smells like burning rubber when you turn it on. Upgrading. 
My mother gave them violin lessons when I was growing up. Even then, they were always "the Carpenters" (plural). 
lucia_graves for your Men With Flowers calendar: 
"It turns out the things that captivate us most are the things that are the least reducible." 
Consensus: CVS. Thanks, folks! 
jrovner Cool, thanks! 
Quick/easy place to get passport photos taken in DC? 
stacyqc jbouie 
Lots of great stuff to dig into on TheStoryline's launch day: Congrats jimtankersley lydiadepillis _jeffguo! 
RT rachelweinerwp: Of course I like art, I went to goddamn Oberlin - the mayor of Baltimore 
seungminkim Seattle/British Columbia/Vancouver Island. (Look up Tofino, B.C.) Or Iceland. 
25 favorite unlocked New Yorker articles: 
"I regret ever believing that being ironic and counterintuitive were acceptable substitutes for having real thoughts" 
Bottom line: Whatever you're doing, you're probably doing it wrong. 
Thing I really like about the redesign: Much faster mobile loading time and better mobile interface. 
How to cold-email a complete stranger. Service journalism! 
mallelis Mein Snuggle, by Karl Love Knausgaard 
MikeMadden Pet-bros? 
mg81992 I'm sorry about your aunt. I don't think Blitzer meant any direct comparison--just a tone-deaf remark given the current situation. 
Wolf Blitzer on impact of war on Israelis' daily lives: Weddings and concerts cancelled, "Backstreet Boys is now being cancelled." 
Seriously: follow maxseddon, who's at the crash site, and read his tweets from this morning. Surreal. 
blakehounshell yeah, that would be my suspicion. 
blakehounshell many folks besides researchers headed there. But I have a friend at the conference now who says many have lost colleagues. 
RT TylerHicksPhoto: Four more children ages 4 to 8 killed today by Israeli bombs in Gaza City. Eight children now killed here in two days. 
Can't wait for the launch of TheStoryline, the new jimtankersley lydiadepillis amp; co. joint: 
"The housing recovery is, at best, weak. And it may not be much of a recovery at all." neil_irwin: 
"The two extremes are Lord of the Flies and Calling the Cops. The middle ground is neighborliness." 
Blinder: Productivity growth has been "awful" but may simply reflect that firms are finally hiring more workers. So not a great indicator. 
They were children, Ms. Bakr, the aunt, said. They just want to play and study and live a good life. 
jbouie There are white Brazilians of European descent (Germany, etc) that are no more or less "white" than white Americans. 
jbouie Fascinating. But this detail"fair, white, almost albino complexions  totally wrong for Brazilian skin"is completely off. 
My favorite ingredient in this WaPo smoothie recipe is "magic": 
_editengine Yes, I'm sure vast sums have been spent (on art too, jesus). But I'm also sure a "fix the fed buildings" campaign wouldn't fly. 
Actually, this is hardly a hypothetical: GOP is attacking the CFPB right now for the cost of building renovations: 
Sure, laugh at DC's ugly, run-down buildings. But imagine if Congress was asked to spend $$$ on fixing them. 
So very psyched that aseitzwald is joining us at MSNBC Digital. 
I always wondered why David Wu was still hanging around Capitol Hill. katenocera unravels the mystery: 
Weigel: And would you support Hillary if she won the nomination. Ready for Warren organizer: I personally would, yes. 
Art/design/urban planning folks: The first Chicago Architecture Biennial is in the works: 
The Recessions Lost Generation of Homeowners Isnt Millennials  Its the Middle-Aged. 
Punishing institutions, rather than individuals, doesnt get at the root of the problem." Surowiecki on Citi: 
Got a sneak peek of david_rees's new Nat Geo science show. It's awesome + hilarious. Premieres tonight at 10 pm. Wooo! 
Welcome to the health wonk blogosphere, emma_sandoe! 
zachdcarter Thanks, man. 
ddayen Agreed. What do you think of the Sufi/Mian shared responsibility idea? 
Also that story has the best byline I've seen in some time: "WHIP VILLARREAL" 
Nevada might get its first transgender legislator  and shes Republican. 
daveweigel This one, obvi: 
Speaking of housing and displacement: NYC landlords push for buyouts, tenants stand their ground 
alexanderchee Interesting. Yet another data point for The Everything Boom/Bubble. 
ddayen I agree that maybe homeownership isn't the best for very lowest-income, amp; we need alternative vehicles for wealth-building/housing. 
ddayen Yes, but the market also used to be more accommodating to those who didn't have much income or savings--original subprime borrowers. 
Foreign investors tend to be wealthier amp; pay cash, so they have easier access to a market still tight on credit amp; demands high down payments 
Clarifying an earlier tweet: Chinese investors aren't directly displacing low-income US homebuyers and pushing them out of the market. 
NickTimiraos rereading my tweet, I realize why it was misleading; apologies. 
NickTimiraos conorsen didn't meant to imply causality; obviously rich Chinese aren't displacing poor Americans. 
NickTimiraos conorsen rather to point out that two trends that are happening at a time of still-tight credit and stagnant US incomes. 
Lower-income Americans are being squeezed out of the U.S. housing market. Chinese buyers are moving in: 
"An elderly Korean woman drowned in the bathing area on opening day [in 2008]. Her daughter amp; husband sued Spa World" 
Were talking about not letting brown people have access to wealth." 
Court documents allege prostitution, slavery at Spa World: Holy crap. 
Should Washington do more to help blacks and Hispanics own homes--or would that be deja vu all over again? 
Homeownership destroyed black Americans' wealth during the financial crisis. Can it now help them get it back? 
RonWaxman Exactly. A mediocre cupcake just makes me sad. Why bother? 
I love cupcakes, but I've always hated Crumbs. 
dylanmatt _cingraham johninmpls sarahkliff bradplumer (Sheepishly raises her hand) 
Is Lucy Flores the Latina star Democrats have been waiting for? 
One student once cornered me and said: I hope youre happy youve destroyed my chance at Goldman and ruined my life 
RT SaraMurray: Is Silicon Valley Funding the Wrong Stuff? 
kevinroose NYMag jessmisener That's re-volt-ing. 
Brooks: "I've never attended a meeting at the Times..I've never had a performance review..And we are just left alone" 
It's all about achieving a sense of humanness, said Zazie Lucke, head of global advertiser marketing.  
Happy Canada Day, everyone! 
So much...hair gel.  
AdamSerwer Hlob. 
USA! USA!  
marincogan You're welcome. 
film_girl darth Far less. Mostly: Twitter, email newsletters, and a handful of news sites I read directly on the web, old school. 
Do you really need a *stun gun* to stop a naked guy, though? Come on, Arlington PD. 
Typical night out in Arlington: Naked driver hits three cars, then crawls out the car window to flee on foot. 
Surprised carr2n didn't mention the other reason for the proliferation of email newsletters: personal branding and self-promotion. 
Reupping: Washingtons Hobby Lobby Lobbies To Strengthen Hobbies: 
 lizzieohreally Can't wait for the debut of MarketplaceWknd! 
NickBaumann omg also what is even going on here 
MS Tea Party leader charged in Cochran nursing home break-in has killed himself, sources tell the local paper: 
"Sometimes anecdotes convey the reality of these lives better than statistics." citizencohn on poverty and empathy: 
Another reason you should never forget to read the kicker: 
Playbook: "HEY, KAYLA!--"Bear Falls Through Skylight Into Party, Then Eats All The Cupcakes." Then they killed the bear. That's all, Kayla! 
Theres something even worse than parachuting journalists...Its journalists that dont even get on the plane." 
Love that there's a Gadsden flag front-and-center of the Dupont celebration..  
JohnMikulski chashomans Then they kill the bear. That's all, kids! 
"The logic of the current expansion is Amazonian. Were going to get big and then figure out what to do with it. 
Game of Pugs. (h/t seywarddarby) 
cc: daveweigel MT costareports McDaniel rally nearly silent, just light talking as Kenny Loggins "I'm Alright" plays over a muted screen 
Women's career gains slip away when they become caretakersnot only for children, but also aging parents. 
Taking a bit of a Twitter break to go hide in my writing cave. See y'all on the other side. 
"The average age of Vices HBO viewers is 46 to 50." Not exactly the gateway to millenials. 
lydiadepillis newinquiry Results!  
RT mkhammer: If Cards Against Humanity apologizes for and removes every card that could possibly offend someone, there's no game. 
dbernstein I know... 
Rhode Island is now the only state with an unemployment rate above 8: Here's why: 
 Millicentsomer! HAM for life. 
What does pain have to do with economics? Oh, everything. Thank you for writing this, lizzieohreally 
mmurraypolitics BenjySarlin Particularly since he's so deeply mired in a state budget crisis right now! 
Thrilled that the immensely talented jialynnyang is moving up to the editing ranks of WaPo! 
Clinton (Bill) is at a DC hotel to talk about poverty. Wonder if/how he'll address welfare reform. 
Yo! app = Facebook poke. Discuss. 
"Bolton would not agree to be interviewed...unless the reporter had a Republican lawmaker email on her behalf" 
cc sarahkliff RT wexler: "Mr. Bolton, whose sea-otter mustache has come down a bit in recent years ..." 
millicentsomer HAM 
Sneak peek of the newly revamped National Journal. Woo! 
lizzieohreally maxabelson FRUMP 
lizzieohreally maxabelson mumps 
They all loved the simplicity, Mr Arbel says, except one who said this is the stupidest app hed ever seen. 
EvanMcSan katherinemiller I believe the word you're looking for is "Faeries." 
Grass1776 How to apply for the Starbucks college tuition program: 
Starbucks will provide free college education for its workers, even if they don't stay with the company: BFD! 
DC lobbyist on raising 21 foster children: Moses was a foster child...Jesus was an illegal immigrant in Egypt." 
"This difficult decision is not a reflection of the importance of invertebrates or how we feel about them" 
Americans on the move have nationalized politics. But we're moving far less than we used to: 
Love all the flags up there on the podium.   
Why didn't more journos see Cantor's defeat coming? carr2n on the Beltway bubble amp; death of shoe-leather reporting: 
 cc seywarddarby RT BuzzFeedAndrew: The RNC is chasing Clinton with a giant squirrel. 
MT charlie_savage: Anyone following, reporting on, or opining about Bergdahl should read this on his diaries 
_cingraham ThunderJew1775 aka Fournierlandia 
bterris sweat caucus? Dispatch pls. 
RT _cingraham: Washington is at war with itself, and the silent centrist plurality isn't paying attention. 
A poet's life: "theres an answering machine in a shed about 10 miles away. He checks it twice a week." 
fmanjoo guessing you have significantly fewer political ranty types (the worst kind of ranty). So you're probably safe. 
fmanjoo Dude, you've just opened the floodgates. 
Read that amp; more in bterris's most excellent dispatch from Randolph-Macon, center of the (political) universe: 
The last time Brat's college was in the news: when a fraternity hosted a Border Patrol vs. Mexicans-themed party. 
IChotiner Suggestions, LizMair? 
davidfrum Lots of evidence that immigration doesn't have a significant impact on wages or employment for native-born 
mattyglesias davidfrum Pretty sure that immigration reform isn't just about unskilled low-wage workers. 
"I never said I would author legislation to put homosexuals to death, but I didnt have a problem with it." Got it. 
Oklahoma GOP statehouse candidate supports stoning gay people to death. 
Well, this is new:  
Burrite Sloths: They're unsparing. 
Here's the clip of Brat dodging policy Qs on chucktodd this morning. I just wanted to talk about the victory." 
Burrite Probably around here: 
Buzzfeed hiring animals intern: "Were you into sloths and hedgehogs way before they got played out on the Internet?" 
jestei Hm, VA-7 isn't too far from great restaurants in Charlottesville.  
RT EvanMcSan Brat is dodging Qs on min wage and Syria, saying he expected to talk about the celebration on dailyrundown 
Lots of econ. research showing immigration has little-to-slightly positive impact on wages of native-born workers. 
Lots of economic research showing immigration has little-to-slightly positive impact on wages of native-born workers. 
"One Cantor supporter threw his glass of wine onto a female protestor. She swore at him in return." 
Meanwhile, bilingual McDonald's ad promotes the World Cup in between Miami vs. San Antonio.  
What has the Dem VA-7 candidate been up to? "His current projects include a vampire novel" h/t timothypmurphy 
JustinWolfers Buuuurn. 
So...basketball, anyone? 
"I will boldly and clearly stand with the chamber of commerce Loser Eric Cantor? Nope, the victorious Lindsey Graham 
Trammell's latest: "Richmond Slave Trade: The Economic Backbone of The Old Dominion."Also a paper on postage stamps. 
Brat's recent publications include: An Analysis of the Moral Foundations in Ayn Rand 
Burrite Is this "hotness" rating for looks? Brat and Trammell both have one chili pepper. (Also a good reason to not look at your ratings) 
Jack Trammell scores higher on Rate My Professors than David Brat but has far fewer ratings. 
Ali_Gharib ishaantharoor c'mon, this is the fun part! There are too few genuine surprises in politics nowadays. 
David Brat's Democratic opponent is *also* a professor at Randolph-Macon College. They're coworkers! 
Who is David Brat? Check out Goldfarb's feed right now. 
Wow. RT AP_Ken_Thomas: RICHMOND, Va. (AP) _ House Majority Leader Eric Cantor loses GOP primary to tea party challenger Dave Brat in Va. 
More office workers switching to fetal position desks. cc: bencrair dankois 
RT charlesornstein: Rollins: Abilify now accounts for 40 of antipsychotic spending in Part D. Last brand standing.  
RT seungminkim: LeBron watched "Maleficent" to prep for Game 2 
Hillary conspiracy theorist who's been spamming me and 100s of other journos for months (years?) gets results! 
NirajC b_fung Snickers (laughs uncontrollably) 
Real women read bills *and* fashion mags. Cc JillFilipovic MT MIHouseDems: Real Women read bills not fashion mags 
Congrats, michaelschafferand congrats washingtonian! 
Solution: Monocle. RT RichardKimNYC: Getting dressed now for  AND the  This is a confusing fashion moment for me. 
Back on upwithsteve shortly. Woo! 
"Bergdahl has been, more than anything else, a symbol, used by many: his former comrades, the Taliban, amp; the WH" 
 and happy birthday to the fabulous, intrepid feliciasonmez! 
Stop helicopter-parenting other people's kids 
Amazing Reddit AMA with a guy who was imprisoned got 18 years for a murder he didn't commit: 
Fannie Mae is making it easier for recently unemployed homeowners to get mortgage relief: 
Why have vultures made a home on K St? Lobbyist: There is a lot more dead legislation than alive 
Somaly Mam and how the fundraising industrial complex incentivizes exaggeration and lies, from JillFilipovic: 
daveweigel He needs to meet this guy: 
One in five Americans is now on Medicaid. 
Darren Aronofsky is adapting margaretatwood's "MaddAddam" trilogy for HBO !!!! 
ezraklein I see the publishing industry has moved on from "pictures of women's backs" cc: ChloeSchama 
On Tiananmen anniversary, Chinese state media tweets panda pics. ishaantharoor: 
Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past. On Orwell and June 4, 1989: 
Were not very good with cat pictures, he added. But well get there. 
RT davidtaint: Politicians delete digital praise of Bowe Bergdahl release via mashable 
Quiz: Mind-altering drug or Programming Language? 
feliciasonmez rode her bike through Tiananmen Square the evening of June 3, 2014. This is what she saw: 
Words blocked on Weibo today: ": nostalgiapossible reference to Tiananmen Mothers" 
Yes! RT timkmak: A hearty  to feliciasonmez, a friend who is fighting China's censorship as a reporter for AFP 
MT BCAppelbaum I never wanted to read the beige book. Now I am curious about it. cc sarahportlock  
RT daveweigel: A quick guide (with maps!) to why the GOP obsession with coal country over the suburbs is nuts. 
SaraLibby GAH. So big now. He and SutterBrown need to have a playdate, obvi. 
Its like something from a legend, said Jenny. It seems so exaggerated. China's millennials on Tiananmen Square. 
David Cooks (usually Bill Kristol Meth)  
Blow Nocera  
The new Petworth Safeway (formerly "Stinky Safeway" or "Not-So-Safeway," due to suspect meat) will be yuppie heaven: 
RealAdrianC josemedinajr More fun facts: His favorite book is "The Sneetches," by Dr. Seuss. 
Heartened to hear that BW has hired josheidelson, a great reporter who cares deeply about labor issues. 
In case baby bears aren't your thing, I present: 15 hedgehogs in a real big hurry 
"The story that finally comes out is not what people thought their anecdotes were about." 
PSA: Bear cubs playing in a river on this bear cam *right now*. 
What's the matter with Rhode Island? My dispatch from the state with America's highest unemployment rate. 
A corrupt, bankrupt factory town looks to a 28-year-old Latino leader to save it: 
Bencjacobs thebrandedgirl Ha--I actually had a line about the proposed merger in the story but got cut in editing. 
And yes, for those asking, I'm reporting the Starbucks pervert to the police right now. 
Also: If you see something (perverted), say something. Another woman came forward only after overhearing me report the guy to the manager. 
monabenach Dupont Starbucks just north of the circle. Tan baseball cap. Glasses. And really tight pants so you could see EVERYTHING. 
ZenGrouch yes. 
Beware: At Starbucks north of DuPont there is a serial guy-who-touches-himself-in public. Just happened to me amp; another woman the other day. 
resnikoff theprospect I believe they're keeping the fellowship. 
Very gracious note from MonicaBPotts about leaving the Prospect: 
Lena Dunham wants to tell you what she's "learned." So...she hasn't learned anything? 
Oh, were not students, one of them explained. Were models. 
This is to inform you that a Big Brown bat in Ward 1, was determined rabid."  
Hello, editors. MonicaBPotts is now a free agent. Hire her! 
"With labor costs rising rapidly in China, American manufacturers.. are looking..to Mexico" Trade grew 30 since 2010 
RT ObsoleteDogma: Hard to see how this is anything other than a TKO for Piketty 
Woo, trymainelee and AdamSerwer! Also if you aren't following them already, get on that. 
 The new guard at WaPo: ishaantharoor AlyssaRosenberg AdamBKushner AmandaWaPo ObsoleteDogma crampell _cingraham emilymbadger 
darth you're just going as your avatar, right? 
Mass shootings quickly become ideological talking points that fade once the debate moves on. The victims don't forget 
ishaantharoor mattyglesias Also skeptical these folks would actually feel shame as a result. Any attention = good attention for haters. 
mattyglesias ishaantharoor It also amplifies their views and gives them a bigger platform than they ever imagined possible. 
I agree. MT ishaantharoor The let's-search-for-racism-on-Twitter-and-make-it-into-a-story thing really needs to stop 
SarahMMimms ElaheIzadi One more House D in my inbox: "Cicilline Calls on VA Secretary to Step Down" 
And now, sports!  
Really hope the kids are going to throw a paixtle to celebrate after. 
sarahkliff this one is clearly for you.  
In other, non-spelling news, ESPN ticker says that Donald sterling is the "most hated man in America." A poll said so! 
Omg his mom. 
Feijoada is delicious.   
"Kanye then gave a 45-minute toast to himself." 
Good career advice for young journalists from nxthompson: annfriedman would approve. 
Vox: Pro-ferret, anti-otter. DISAPPROVE. 
"Google Ira Glass." 
MeowMeow Beans! Thanks, darth: cc: moody 
Misogyny kills men, too. Thanks for writing this, amandahess 
The broader point is that consumer expenditures continued to rise in a bad quarter, though it wasn't enough to overcome the negatives. 
On its face, it's unclear whether more spending on health care is "good" or "bad," broadly speaking. But it has a real economic impact. 
...particularly when there's so much misinformation out their about the ACA's impact so far. The long-term macro impact remains to be seen. 
Boosting GDP for one quarter is not a argument *for* the ACA of course. But we shouldn't ignore its actual impact on the economy... 
World War II ended 69 years ago. The fact that Congress has any WWII veterans left is pretty astounding. 
ryanbeckwith Hahaha. And yes, politically I agree. 
ryanbeckwith I'm not trying to "win" a GDP argument. 
GAH: 
1Q GDP was bad. But without Obamacare-fueled health-care spending, it would have been worse: 
If we've never talked, and you're wondering whether to add me to your press list, the answer is No. 
Kit Rachlis is heading to CalSunday! Big blow to the Prospect, but so psyched for them. Congrats, dougmcgray. 
Tribal police on this reservation spend nearly all their time making alcohol-related arrests It's banned there. 
"Whiskey supplies are running low" Pure Neil_Irwin bait. 
perrybaconjr great to hear about your move to NBCPolitics -- congrats! 
Hope theprospect's plan to turn into a quarterly "journal of ideas" has room for reported deep-dives by MonicaBPotts and her colleagues. 
Next NYT trend piece? MT ScrippsBee:  Emily Gunkel (PA) spelled the word 'dundrearies' (long flowing side whiskers) correctly 
Only 59 of people who begin a four-year degree actually finish within six years. anya1anya: 
Cc aliciawilliams RT dmarusic: Overheard at Whole Foods: My cats love that yogurt. 
Passive voice here is just killing me. RT WSJecon: Brazils Economy Seen as Having Been Weak in First Quarter 
"Sandberg is writing for women whove already made it.  is for those who havent": 
timothypmurphy pix or it didn't happen 
The Man Is Coming for Your Phrosties Already Paging awkwafina 
Heartbreaking interview with one of the victim's parents, who immigrated from China 10 years ago: 
I don't mean to glorify Rodger by tweeting his words. But if we are going to talk about his pathologies, at least get the facts straight. 
"White girls thought less of me because I was half-Asian..but then I see this white girl at the party talking to a full-blooded Asian." 
originalspin explains why he deliberately targeted Asian-American men, too: 
Nope. He was half-Asian and made it clear in his manifesto that he was tormented over his ethnicity. 
Talk about an unforced error: 
DanielSchulman Woo! Can't wait to dive into the book. (Shakes fist at Amazon) 
jackjluke SteveKornacki it is a factor, yes. But businesses are adding more jobs--in 39 states last month. Recovery is slow but real. 
Back on msnbc in just a few... 
"Hey, look at me. I'm featured on the front of my local newspaper." 
Yep. (via raju) 
"Employees of payday lenders showed up at a customers' place of employment in an effort to collect debt" 
