text 
Dogs tho. 
That time when we finally took a vacation. CalvinHarris 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!!!! Thanks for 24 years of LOLs. austinswift7 
So grateful and inspired today! Take the Pledge For Parity at  
I feel like we achieved our goal of looking like we're in a new primetime drama series called Family Secrets. 
I'm very happy to say the next single from 1989 will be 'New Romantics'. 
The moment it hits you. jackantonoff  
Oh what a night.  
ChrisStapleton I glitter-bomb because I care. 
TheGRAMMYs edsheeran YES. 
Bad Blood just won a Grammy for Best Music Video and we are not ok. selenagomez 
TheGRAMMYs I AM SCREAMING 
The making of the Out of The Woods video, directed by JosephKahn  
COLDPLAY MARK RONSON BRUNO MARS BEYONC DANCE BATTLE FIX YOU MONTAGE JOYOUS FINALE OH MY GOD IT WAS SO GOOD I FEEL LIKE I DREAMED IT 
Stunning. 
MusCornerNash CityWineryNSH This is amazing!! I'm so honored that you would do this. 
Magic Madness Heaven Sin 
Say you'll remember me. 
She lost him but she found herself and somehow that was everything.  is now on 
"I just realized we got through Christmas this year without listening to 'Christmas Lights' by Coldplay and crying!" austinswift7 
Are we in the clear yet?  Premiering at 10:50pm EST on ABC NYRE JosephKahn RyanSeacrest 
Are we out of the woods yet?  premieres tomorrow night on NYRE with RyanSeacrest! 
You used to call me on my elf phone. 
Performing with Mary was a dream. Thank you maryjblige for this incredible moment you created in LA.  
I can't wait to show you the video for Out Of The Woods!  It's premiering 12/31 on NYRE with RyanSeacrest.  
It's here!  is now on AppleMusic! 
This clip brought back so many amazing memories!! I love you idinamenzel and TheEllenShow  
Celebrate with us December 20 on AppleMusic   
Met up with ZaneLowe to talk about  airs tomorrow at 9am PST on Beats1 
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes. I have a little surprise for you.  applemusic 
Today I begin my 26th year of freaking out over stuff. 
Farewell, 1989 World Tour.  
The 1989 World Tour is officially over, the most beautiful chapter in our story so far.. Thanks to you. 
can we get a selfie tho 
Thank you, Brisbane, for an epic night. You guys are incredible  
Me: Please love me. Kangaroo: No. 
Making friends on Hamilton Island. 
Swift family road trip! South Island, NZ austinswift7 
I love you, Sydney. All 76,000 of you. 
Praying for Paris. Our hearts are breaking for and with you. 
Farewell, Shanghai!!  
I loved playing Shanghai last night-- so stoked to play 2 more shows here!! 
NRJhitmusiconly Merci!!!!  
Congratulations on your CMA wins KeithUrban ericchurch FLAGALine MaddieandTae and macmcanally!! Sending you hugs from Singapore  
Sending congrats from Singapore to Nashville to my friends who won CMAs tonight! lukebryan mirandalambert chrisstapleton littlebigtown 
Elevator Elsa!!! Amazing. idinamenzel 
Sharing a stage with alessiacara and idinamenzel was the perfect way to end this amazing chapter. Thanks ladies  
"The cold never bothered me anyway" *QUICK CHANGE* idinamenzel   
I honestly couldn't be more impressed by alessiacara. 55,000 people and she was absolutely fearless. 
About to play the last show of the US 1989 Tour. Feelings EVERYWHERE.  
With every passing day, Olivia looks less like a cat and more like a melting snowman. Happy   
This is one of my favorite covers I've heard of Out of the Woods-- amazing job 4kingandcountry  
Miami!!! What a night! Thank you to our surprise guests DwyaneWade, pitbull amp; ricky_martin   
To celebrate  here's something from me. Out of the Woods (solo acoustic piano performance)  
1989 came out 1 year ago today. It's been the best year of my life. I love you guys.  
Wildest Dreams just hit number one on Top 40 radio! Thank you so much for everything, guys.  RepublicRecords charliewalk 
"Now if we're talkin body..." ToveLo  
Tonight was magical. ToveLo was incredible. I  you Atlanta. 
Ooooooh Ahhhhhhh mirandalambert  
This is a video of mirandalambert sitting on a throne of men at   
Thanks Lexington, KY!  
One of my favorite people to ever have been interviewed by: TheRyanAdams 
60,000 people at  tonight. What a night  
What are you waiting for? elliegoulding 
Band aids don't fix kitchen knife related injuries. 
Thanks for the beach day, GQMagazine  
So stoked about R3HAB's remix of Wildest Dreams! 
Tackling my former fear of horns, writing with magical imogenheap, creating 'Shake it Off' amp; 'Clean': GRAMMYPro 
The making of 'Out of the Woods' and 'I Know Places'. 
Brb I'll just be listening to 'Hands To Myself' all day and then forever. Love you so much selenagomez  is OUT NOW!!! 
Behind the scenes of the 1989 World Tour beck and st_vincent in LA at sound check One of my favorite memories. 
I haven't opened up about making 1989 like this before. Thanks GRAMMYPro for the opportunity. 
My Instagram just hit 50 million, thanks so much guys. Though I'm pretty sure it's just because I have cute cats.  
Thanks GQMagazine for my first cover :) 
Meredith is allergic to joy. 
Looking good, Toronto. All 50,000 of you. 
I LOVE YOU charli_xcx !!!   
Tonight KeithUrban played "John Cougar, John Deere, John 3:16" in Toronto with us!! Here's a pic from sound check: 
Getting pirate ship/sword fight movie scene vibes from this orchestral version of Bad Blood and I'm happy about it. 
Live your dreams. HAIMtheband Nelly_Mo 
I LOVED getting to sing The Fix amp; Hot in Herre with Nelly_Mo! What a way to end HAIMtheband's run on the 1989 Tour 
"WHAT?!" Nelly_Mo HAIMtheband  
The highlight of our friendship thus far HAIMtheband PS WE LOVE YOU Nelly_Mo  
What the press says I'm doing: Buying a Bev Hills mansion, getting married in an English castle What I'm doing: Playing a show in St. Louis 
Why I like bringing out surprise special guests on tour: 
I Can't Get No Satisfaction MickJagger  
SING leonalewis  
Oh my God leonalewis sang 'Bleeding Love' tonight in Nashville and I may never recover.  
*drops mic*  MickJagger  
Breathtaking. Regal. Elegant. AlisonKrauss singing 'When You Say Nothing At All'. So blown away by her grace. 
Singing 'I Don't Want to Miss a Thing' with IamStevenT was an honor. So inspired by how sweet he was to all of us. 
Got to sing with my little sis KelseaBallerini, tonight and she was charming and fantastic!!  
Tonight is the premiere of EmpireFOX so make sure to watch SerayahLove TherealTaraji amp; the rest of the amazing cast!  
I've always wanted to share a stage with DierksBentley and last night in KC, I got to! What a great guy. 
I honestly can't believe what I just saw. This amount of talent in one person has me speechless. I  toddyrockstar 
Finally got to meet Dylan, the 7-yr-old who passionately danced to Shake it Off on TheEllenShow-- and this happened. 
UZO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
3 hours 38 minutes. 
Dog struggles. 
Soooooon...  
My buddy sydneysierota was as magical and fantastic as always tonight in Columbus! Love her so much  echosmith 
 is up for pre-order on iTunes, so let's act accordingly.  
WOAH just took a shower in my full show make up and then looked in the mirror and this girl made a reappearance. 
Ryan's music helped shape my songwriting. This is surreal and dreamlike. Countdown to  TheRyanAdams 
I. Love. This. I. Love. HeyViolet  
Amazing video, ColumbusZoo and SERIOUSLY WHAT IS IT LIKE PETTING A BABY CHEETAH I REALLY NEED TO KNOW 
robtswthrayguns I want that VERY VERY BADLY. Listening to Sugarbaby right now in honor of this generous offer amp;dreaming about my new shirt. 
"So put on your best, boys. And I'll wear my pearls..." thebandperry  
THIS IS SO NICE!!!!!! Smiling so big after watching this video: 
Thank you so much thebandperry for surprising the Indy crowd with "If I Die Young"! Love you guys!! 
I've got 'Stand By You' by RachelPlatten on repeat today. I highly recommend it.  
Same. 
Finally saw Love and Mercy! Such an incredible story and moving performances by ElizabethBanks, johncusack, Paul Dano, and Paul Giamatti. 
What an unbelievable crowd tonight in St. Paul!! And it was so cool playing 'Love Story' on its 7th anniversary.  
WHEN THEY OVERNIGHT YOU AN EMMY I DID NOT KNOW THIS WAS A THING 
St. Paul, Minnesota all lit up and magical. Night 1 of 3.  
I remember being in 5th grade,wondering why all of my teachers were crying. Sending love to anyone who lost someone on Sept 11.  
THR 1. Wakes up 2. Reads this 3. Thinks it's a prank 4. Calls everyone to check 5. It's real 6.   
Soundcheck   
Sparks flying during  
"That bond will never be broken and the love will never get lost."    
Update: No fire. Still in my robe.  
A fire alarm is going off in the stadium and we don't know what to do. 
troyesivan Look at us sitting next to each other like that  
GO troyesivan WILD IS STUNNING AND AWESOME. (YES CAPS LOCK IS NECESSARY HERE.)  
Someone knitted this sweater of a Polaroid of me and gave it to my mom at the show. Thank you, mysterious knitter. 
Had the best time in Salt Lake City last night and Denver tonight. See you tomorrow for night 2, Denver! 
Awww Kanye sent me the coolest flowers!!   
Happy birthday to the life of the party, Beyonce!   
After just a few listens through the Four Pink Walls EP, my  belongs to alessiacara.  
lordemusic 
 
NICKIMINAJ love you so much.  
I love you.  
Nothing says 'turnt' like HaileeSteinfeld :) :) :) 
THANK YOU GUYS WE ARE FREAKING OUT 
 is OUT. 
It's time! 
  pre-show SOOOOOON 
Headed to red carpet....   
When you realize  !!!!!!!! 
Sunbathing in San Diego. 
You looked beautiful tonight.  Photo: andistoodtherelovingyou on tumblr 
So incredible sharing the stage with AvrilLavigne! 'Complicated' is such a brilliant pop song and I just love her. 
Thank you omimusiconline for singing 'Cheerleader' tonight in San Diego!! You're amazing :)  
Behold, the JT butt-slap. ...also known as the greatest moment of Paul's life. paulsidoti 
Say you'll remember me Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe  ScottEastwood 
Pre-show huddle with selenagomez Photo credit: jtimberlake 
"You have to really feel the lyrics." -getting schooled by LisaKudrow 
Never thought I'd say this but "Smelly Cat" was on my set list last night. LisaKudrow, you are the greatest. 
Unforgettable night thanks to that LA crowd..... And jtimberlake. 
Sisterhood. selenagomez  
Justin Timberlake. Mid-mic drop.  jtimberlake 
There is nothing cooler than st_vincent soloing while pyro goes off in the background.  
I heard johnlegend and Chrissy were on the way to the show amp; called and asked if John felt like playing 'All of Me': 
Getting to play 'Dreams' with Beck and st_vincent is something I'll remember forever. I can't even express it. 
shondarhimes oh my God!! You can come to any show any time! Bring your daughter and her friends and call it a girls night. DM me! 
Tonight. 'You Oughta Know'. Alanis. I don't know how to process how amazing she was. Just absolutely magnificent. 
I used to sing Dixie Chicks songs at every talent show. Singing 'Goodbye Earl' with Natalie tonight was unbelievable. 
When TheEllenShow walks out in a more sparkly outfit than yours and a tutu  
Wildest Dreams music video preview. Full video debuts VMA night. Get ready.  
 maryjblige UzoAduba Seanopry55 chrisrock RealLeBlancM 
When maryjblige absolutely shut down STAPLESCenter and played not one, but TWO songs. I love her so much. Unreal. 
When Sean O'Pry, Chris Rock, and Matt LeBlanc walked out and the crowd went CRAZY.  
That moment when UzoAduba comes out and sings 'White Horse' and makes everyone in the arena fall in love with her: 
Getting ready to make some more memories tonight at STAPLESCenter!  
It was a beautiful night in Los Angeles. Thank you kobebryant, Ryan Tedder OneRepublic, STAPLESCenter amp; the fans! 
Tonight kobebryant surprised me with a banner in STAPLESCenter for the most sold out shows. You did that. Love you 
Getting ready to play 5 shows at Staples Center in LA this week and reminiscing about what my gigs used to be like. 
CatfishMTV I'm watching your show RIGHT NOW 
JacobsPiano I HAVE to give you a hug for that beautiful piano medley you did! Please come to a show on my tour and say hi to me? My treat. 
Toshi hangs with fans every show and he makes my life brighter. HAPPY BDAY TOSHI_ATEAMLV ! 
 
One year ago today, 'Shake It Off' was released and I told you my album would be called 1989. Just.... Thank you. For everything. 
Glendale, AZ = magical crowd 
Tonight Joan Baez and Julia Roberts danced it out to 'Style'. These two women are my heroes. What an honor. 
LITTLE MIX!! Love these girls!! They smashed it tonight in front of 50,000 screaming fans. Amazing. LittleMix 
CAMILA! camilacabello97 
So excited to play here AGAIN tonight!  Night 2!! 
I want to be in Fifth Harmony. 
Can't wait to see markvillaver tomorrow and tell him how sick this is. The performers on this tour blow my mind. 
Happy birthday to cheeky, charming Caradelevingne- who lights up my life..and regularly steals my phone amp; does this: 
You seem stressed. 
And now treat your ears to the vocal event of the year, mirandasings amp; torikelly gloriously covering 'Bad Blood'. 
"Cause baby I could build a castle out of all the bricks they threw at me" -a line from New Romantics But I'm not actually buying a castle. 
Absolutely floored by these domino skills and really flattered that someone would do this. 
Last night's crowd was breathtaking. (Found this on jorrdie__'s Instagram- thanks girl) 
"When you've got two individuals that love music, magic happens." kendricklamar 
No big deal just the happiest moment of my life to date fettywap 
FETTY WAP. TRAP QUEEN. SEATTLE. 60,000 PPL. OH MY GOD. fettywap thank you so much for coming!! Unreal!! 
That Seattle crowd went ABSOLUTELY INSANE when Ciara and DangeRussWilson walked out!! I LOVED TONIGHT. 
Coming Home to Mixed Reactions - A Short Film 
TheRyanAdams Cool I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight or ever again and I'm going to celebrate today every year as a holiday. I'M CALM 
hasief TheRyanAdams is this true??????? I WILL PASS OUT. 
"It's a little invention I made earlier..." Mother Chucker Caradelevingne 
Just wanted to let you know that the next single from 1989 will be........... Wildest Dreams. 
"Then the dog would bark next to me and I'd just crack up after we'd cut." Slay-Z GiGiHadid 
My VanityFair cover!! Including LOTS of real talk with brilliant JDuboff Photos by the incredible mariotestino. 
Permission granted, BelvoirSt. Good luck with your opening night :) 
Some of my best times are with her, laughing in the kitchen. Happy Birthday to the ray of light that is karliekloss! 
"I'm Selena and I'm the villain." Arsyn. selenagomez 
"My name in the video is Destructa X, which I think is perfect for me." elliegoulding 
"I gave her the nod of approval." Justice. Mariska 
I'm OBSESSED with NicoandVinz amp; so was that Vancouver crowd! Such dynamic performers amp; SO down to earth. Fangirling! 
"Cut-Throat! YES. Perfect." Zendaya 
"I am Martha Hunt, better known as Home Slice." iammarthahunt 
"My character is... Actually there are three of me." The Trinity. HaileeSteinfeld 
"We taught Taylor how to be a spy." -Luna EllenPompeo 
"I'm playing Domino, the motorcycle expert." jessicaalba 
Dilemma. SerayahLove 
Fun fact: I didn't know how to post videos directly to Twitter a few days ago. Let's review: Frostbyte LilyAldridge 
"My character... She is The Crimson Curse." yelyahwilliams 
"We just came up with my name: Knockout." karliekloss Don't forget to vote for VMAs! 
"Your little hand's wrapped around my finger and it's so quiet in the world tonight..." 
Meeting my boy:) Jaime_King kyle_newman 
"So I'm ready..." -Dilemma Behind the scenes of the Bad Blood music video with SerayahLove 
Bad Blood is  at pop radio for a 6TH WEEK! To celebrate, I'll be posting behind the scenes videos: LilyAldridge 
Kelly Clarkson covered Blank Space and YES. 
And... smalltownmike ElleBelle37 mattbillingslea amosjheller They're such a huge part of why this tour has been so magical. 
Just wanted to shout them out today because they're incredible. davidcookmusic kamilahmarshall clareypoppin melanienyema paulsidoti 
Every time we have a surprise guest artist on tour, my band learns to play the artist's song.. sometimes with very little time to prep. 
I love you guys. See you next time, Boston.  
TONIGHT WAS EPIC! WeAreMKTO showed up and 60,000 people sang every word to 'Classic' with us! They're insane live!! 
Hey Boston :)  
Thanks WALKTHEMOONband for surprising the Boston crowd with 'Shut Up and Dance'!!! 60,000 person dance party. 
Foxboro, MA -Gillette Stadium Night 1!! SO STOKED TO PLAY. And if it rains, we've done this before, haven't we Boston 
John Green is my favorite writer and Caradelevingne halstonsage natandalex are some of my favorite people. Can't WAIT to see Paper Towns. 
I thought I was being called out. I missed the point, I misunderstood, then misspoke. I'm sorry, Nicki. NICKIMINAJ 
Happy 23rd Birthday, selenagomez. I can't believe it's been 7 years since we met!! I love you so much, always. 
NICKIMINAJ If I win, please come up with me!! You're invited to any stage I'm ever on. 
NICKIMINAJ I've done nothing but love amp; support you. It's unlike you to pit women against each other. Maybe one of the men took your slot.. 
How I felt after finding out Bad Blood feat kendricklamar is  at pop radio for a 5TH WEEK: 
Here's a video from my first day of fight training for Bad Blood. Thanks again for the 9 VMA nominations!! MTV 
GUYS!! You got Bad Blood nominated for Video of the Year at the VMA's!! Vote here pleeeeease? 
A huge thank you to SamHuntMusic for surprising the crowd with 'Take Your Time'. Such a star.  
Tonight andrejapejic and LilyMDonaldson SHUT DOWN the runway. Crowd went insane!!  
Absolutely AMAZING crowd tonight! Thank you andygrammer and SerayahLove for performing with me!  
alexandergold Go read Gaga's tweet that she sent me a few months ago. It's good love luck. Because it's not a tweet. It's a magical spell. 
Thanks for reciting my lyrics, IanMcKellen and SirPatStew! You've made my day. You two are ULTIMATE Squad Goals: 
I got to sing my fav summer JAM 'Want To Want Me' with jasonderulo in DC-I'm also loving his new single 'Cheyenne'! 
Due to this sketchy weather situation in DC, I'm not sure what time I'll be going on tonight. You might want to get here early. 
When your friend flies across the world to surprise your crowd with 'Royals' bc she's a wondrous angel. lordemusic 
Never change, Mike the weather man. Never change.  
I feel all the feelings now. nickjonas 
Joyful joyfulness brought to you by karliekloss and UzoAduba: 
 
Woah.  night 2 
When UzoAduba walked out, it provoked one of the loudest screams from the crowd I've EVER heard. I just love herrrrr 
I ADORE THESE GIRLS. angelcandice iammarthahunt LilyAldridge UzoAduba karliekloss BeePrinsloo GiGiHadid 
Last night the incredible nickjonas sang 'Jealous' and 60,000 people sang it with us/screamed uncontrollably. 
Thank you for tonight.  
Got to welcome the U.S. Women's Soccer Team home after their World Cup Victory- I LOVE THEM AND THEY ARE THE NICEST. 
I was so honored to share the stage with theweeknd tonight- PS his new album is up for pre order now GET IT GUYS 
"If you're lost, you can look and you will find me.. HAIM AFTER HAIM...."  
You're AMAZING, alessiacara. Love this, BBCR1 ! 
Back on the road! Insane crowd in Ottawa tonight!  
I eat BAD BLOOD for breakfast w/ Quentin Johnston Taylor Swift (Vine by caleb_natale) 
The Blank Space video just became the fastest to hit 1 billion views on vevo amp; Bad Blood is  at pop radio for a 3rd week. THANKS GUYS!!! 
When edsheeran shows up for the 4th of July in a red coat because he just can't let it go. 
Happy 4th from me, GiGiHadid iammarthahunt britmaack SerayahLove and HAIMtheband :) 
Little known fact: Karlie is secretly an unofficial historian/London tour guide. Kind of. 
StephanieBe I'm really sorry you missed it but if you can get to Dublin I'll buy you tickets! Sorry to hear about the travel nightmare. :( 
THANK YOU LONDON. Caradelevingne KendallJenner iammarthahunt karliekloss serenawilliams GiGiHadid GettyImages 
"And you can want who you want... Boys and boys and girls and girls."   
Remembering this incredible Manchester crowd from the other night, and getting ALL EXCITED FOR HYDE PARK TOMORROW. 
Our Bad Blood fight faces get dumber and dumber every night. Example: mase_cut 
This is simply the first time it's felt right in my gut to stream my album. Thank you, Apple, for your change of heart. 
In case you're wondering if this is some exclusive deal like you've seen Apple do with other artists, it's not. 
After the events of this week, I've decided to put 1989 on Apple Music...and happily so. 
And here we have Curt, demonstrating the newly mandated male dress code for the 1989 World Tour. 
MANCHESTER!!! I loved hanging out with you tonight!! (Thirteenlegohouses on tumblr took this.) 
I've seen a lot of breathtaking crowds this year but I wish I could've seen this one in person.   
Judging by the pictures on tumblr and Instagram of outfits and signs people have made.. I'd say Manchester is READY for the show tonight!! 
What my camera roll looks like cause I'm a LURKER. 
I love my job. 
I have SO MUCH mad love for pop radio! Bad Blood just became the 4th single off of 1989 to go  Stoked to share this with kendricklamar 
I am elated and relieved. Thank you for your words of support today. They listened to us. 
Tonight's crowd in Amsterdam was one I'll never forget. Dancing, jumping, screaming, singing, chanting... I'll definitely be back. Love you. 
To Apple, Love Taylor 
Tonight was a dream, Cologne. Thank you for 2 magical nights. 
It's the beautiful SerayahLove's birthday today!! I'll be dancing in your honor onstage in Germany tonight! 
OK_Magazine this misleading headline and your choice of words in labeling me are why we need feminism in 2015. 
Trouble Trouble Trouble...  
I knew the Europe crowds would be AMAZING when LilyAldridge amp; GiGiHadid texted me pics of these Bad Blood costumes: 
Guys, on 6/22 selenagomez is releasing my favorite thing she's ever done. Let's all get READY: 
Woah Cologne you're so PRETTY  
Cologne was amazing tonight! So incredible to be back in Germany!!  
I released my first single 9 years ago today. 
Plane landed, turned on my phone, and my heart dropped to the floor. Charleston... This is an unbearable loss of lives and innocence. 
Happy Birthday to kendricklamar, one of the most talented and grounded people I've met in my life. 
At the airport about to leave for Europe, listening to 'See You Again' and thinking about how much I'll miss my cats. 
Just checking to make sure everyone is excited and prepared for the national holiday tomorrow AKA Kendrick Lamar's birthday. 
I don't see a way for me to process all of the tiny animal related cuteness that has occurred today. I MEAN LOOK: 
The whole team. SerayahLove GiGiHadid HAIMtheband HaileeSteinfeld riiicecakes Sarah_Hyland JoeyKingActress 
So just took a red eye and threw Jaime a baby shower. Here's photo evidence: Jaime_King GiGiHadid babyhaim 
Everyone screamed so loud when Mariska came out during Style, I'm considering just taking her on tour with me.   
A huge highlight of the  was singing Fight Song with the beautiful and perfect RachelPlatten tonight. 
The cutest BFFs on the  are these two: TOSHI_ATEAMLV and maho_udo 
Dancer Spotlight: RemiBakkar does the most insane flips and tricks during our show. I'm so lucky to have him. 
Just a reminder that 1989 came out in October and you are STILL DOING THIS AND I LOVE YOU 
ECHOSMITH SANG COOL KIDS WITH ME IN PHILLY YESSSSS  echosmith 
WHAT EVEN HAPPENED TONIGHT IN PHILLY Caradelevingne Mariska  
WHAT EVEN HAPPENED TONIGHT IN PHILLY Caradelevingne Mariska  
Stadium vibes before night 1 of  
I'M NOT CRYING, YOU ARE. Zendaya  
chefanneburrell saw you in my mentions amp; wanted to let you know that your chocolate chip cookie recipe was a real turning point in my life. 
Just an update that cd_henderson's facial expressions are officially my new fav part of the show. 
Annnnddddd thank you Raleigh!  
I LOVE YOU CINNAMINSON HIGH SCHOOL 
The arena made this collage of fan pics :) I always feel so at home here because of how thoughtful the people are. 
Tonight is  Loving being in NC. 
I took a photo of my favorite people--they were laughing so hard, the lens couldn't capture it fast enough. 
Yesssss jackantonoff finally got to see the final result of the music we've made tonight!! 
Thank you for an epic Monday night, Charlotte!  
Every night during 'Bad Blood', the face cd_henderson makes gets worse and worse/better and better. 
So excited for  tonight!!! 
ArianaGrande I'm so proud of you, always. But especially today. "She will need her sisterhood." 
Thank you Pittsburgh. Check out how beautiful 55,000 of you were tonight.  
Is this real life though?  
Tonight my friends littlebigtown surprised the  crowd with 'Pontoon' and it was SO MUCH FUN!! 
Getting ready for  !!!!! BACK IN THE HOME STATE 
Cleveland crowd was AMAZING.  
Backstage getting ready for  tonight! 
Bye Louisville. Love you.  
So excited for  tonight!!!!! 
Reminiscing...  
Thank you again DanReynolds for coming to Detroit. You're incredible. Here's video of Radioactive: Imaginedragons 
Gigi! (AKA Slay-Z)  
When the  turned into a fashion show thanks to iammarthahunt and GiGiHadid.. 
When two of your best friends strut the runway with you during 'Style'... GiGiHadid iammarthahunt 
DanReynolds I WAS TOO EXCITED 
Tonight Dan Reynolds from Imaginedragons surprised the Detroit crowd with 'Radioactive' and we all raged like: 
Detroit, look who tagged along! GiGiHadid iammarthahunt  
See you tonight, Detroit!  
This is unreal. I'm so happy they're okay. 
Having a billboard Hot 100  with kendricklamar is too exciting for me to even process. LOOK WHAT YOU GUYS DID. 
1989 World Tour Dancer spotlight: GiuseppeGiofre's powerful performance of 'the high note in Wonderland'. 
So BBCR1  was amazing! INSANE crowd! Can't wait to be back in the UK for our Hyde Park show next month:) 
Hi England. Hoping for a dancy crowd tonight at BBCR1  in Norwich! 
Hahaha this is genius. I'm usually getting that exact look from my friends. 
SPARKLES. 
Thank you, Baton Rouge!!! You were amazing. And you looked like THIS: 
So russwest44 just made my night...... 
"hahah it really does sound like Starbucks Lovers..." -my mom just now who is SUPPOSED TO BE ON MY SIDE Smh. 
Tonight we play Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. We also welcome to the 1989 Tour... My friendes, ShawnMendes.  
Hahaha yesssss 
Girls, this is CRAZY. Thank you so much Zendaya yelyahwilliams lenadunham Mariska EllenPompeo HaileeSteinfeld  
Thank you SO much SerayahLove jessicaalba GiGiHadid CindyCrawford EllenPompeo elliegoulding  
I'll never be able to thank you enough, JosephKahn kendricklamar selenagomez karliekloss iammarthahunt LilyAldridge Caradelevingne 
FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW YOU BROKE THE VEVO WORLD RECORD THANK YOU   
This night is sparkling. Don't you let it go.  
Thanks Bossier City, Louisiana. Love you.  
So excited to be officially starting the 1989 World Tour US leg tonight in Bossier City, LA! vancejoy is sound checking right now!!! 
Look LilyAldridge !! 
markvillaver TimMilgram SO blown away by this. Amazing. 
Really stoked about this whole  on the Maxim Hot List situation. Thank you MaximMag :) 
Last night was a dream sequence. I never forget that you're the reason my life is like this. Thank you for all of it. 
Mad love HaileeSteinfeld Zendaya iammarthahunt EllenPompeo LilyAldridge 
Go to 1:42 of the  to see the take I got right. This was the FAIL take: 
Vevo.  
iTunes. kendricklamar 
After we wrapped.  selenagomez SerayahLove GiGiHadid iammarthahunt Zendaya 
T MINUS ONE HOUR  Here with LilyAldridge iammarthahunt SerayahLove Zendaya EllenPompeo HaileeSteinfeld 
TONIGHT.  World Premiere OPENING the OfficialBBMAs at 8/7ct on the on ABCNetwork! 
Meet Arsyn. selenagomez  
The next and final poster released will reveal the lead actress in the  It's sure to start some fires... 
echosmith Sydney!! I wish I would've gotten to say hi last night. Love you guys 
Catastrophe vs Homeslice iammarthahunt  
Lyyssaaaa13 I actually cannot stop unintentionally matching with my friends. Look at us wearing dark blue like that. 
Playing my alien space piano at Rock in Rio tonight. Photo by: amosjheller's iPhone 
Meet Headmistress. CindyCrawford  
Celebrating 3 years of edsheeran in ma life 
Meet Mother Chucker. Caradelevingne  
Meet Justice. Mariska  
Meet Luna. EllenPompeo  
Drinks among assassins. 
Catastrophe vs. Knockout  
Meet HomeSlice. iammarthahunt  
Meet Domino. jessicaalba  
Meet Dilemma. SerayahLove  
Meet Knockout. karliekloss  
Meet Welvin Da Great. kendricklamar  
Fun fact about  Each individual actor/actress chose their character's name and persona. *CATastrophe* 
Meet Lucky Fiori. lenadunham  
Meet The Trinity. HaileeSteinfeld  
Meet Destructa X. elliegoulding  
Meet Slay-Z. GiGiHadid  
Meet The Crimson Curse. yelyahwilliams  
Meet Cut-Throat. Zendaya  
Meet Frostbyte. LilyAldridge  
Meet Catastrophe.  
I was so happy tonight. See you next time, Tokyo. Next up, we bring the whole '89 show to Rockin Rio in Vegas..... 
There have been so many amazing covers of 1989 songs... I'm going to be bold enough to say this one is my favorite. 
The 1989 World Tour has officially started. I love you. I love you. I love you. 
THAT. CROWD. THAT CROWD.  
Walking to the stage.....  
Thejessicakorda dude come to the show!! I'll get you tickets, I know a guy. 
Tokyo.. We're so excited to see you, we went to the stadium tonight to watch the stage get built. See you tomorrow:) 
Never not rhyming with edsheeran 
 
 
I feel so lucky to get to perform alongside people who love it this much.  
Real love. HAIMtheband lordemusic SerayahLove halstonsage 
rhodesmusic YES! I loved it, and I adore your music. Can't wait to come see a show. Let me know if you'd ever like to come to one of mine! 
Sheep are rude. 
It's Martha's birthday and still technically Gigi's birthday week! Wish I was with them! GiGiHadid iammarthahunt 
Living With Roosters A Documentary 
The 10 Women Who Changed My Life GlamourMagUK 
A sneak peak into my guest edited issue of GlamourUK. My Women of Tomorrow: 
I got to be the editor for Glamour UK this month. It was so much fun writing these pieces. 
It's both GiGiHadid AND Jaime_King's birthday today-- I adore these girls and I'm so happy they were born.  
 
Living With Meerkats - A Documentary 
So excited to see my 1989 World Tour-mate ShawnMendes's album Handwritten at  on iTunes!!! 
 
smalltownmike !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just so you know... 
You guys have really outdone yourselves with this whole '14 Billboard Nominations' situation we've got going on here... 
Media, when you say "Lorde amp; Taylor are fighting"-by fighting do you mean "FaceTiming constantly from US to NZ and LOLing at you"? Thnx bye 
ChrisCarrabba, I'll never be able to thank you enough for showing up to surprise Abigail. Thank you for caring so much about your fans. 
The Surprise - The Finale abiander yelyahwilliams ChrisCarrabba 
The Surprise - Part Two abiander 
The Surprise - Part One abiander 
 
Well that escalated quickly. 
Celebrating 25 years of Abigail being alive and 10 yrs of being her best friend! With yelyahwilliams ChrisCarrabba 
ELLEN I AM CACKLING TheEllenShow 
For the next 24 hours, TRUST NO ONE. *locks self in kitchen cabinet* 
Happy Birthday, jackantonoff! May you always keep your youthful enthusiasm showcased in this photo. 
OMG Jack you just turned 31 on the 31st! And 31 is basically just 13 backwards. And 13 is my lucky number! See how I made that about me?! 
When 'Worth It' comes on 1027KIISFM and you're in the car with camilacabello97.... and all chill is lost. 
Style is  on pop radio for the 3rd week in a row!!! Guess you could say this feeling 'never goes out of style'....... God, I'm annoying. 
Living proof that you can be the iHeartRadio Music Awards Artist of the Year and also a super embarrassing person! 
I might be okay but I'm NOT FINE AT ALL.   
"When it all falls down, we'll be two souls in a ghost town.." *ugly cries forever*  
Surprise!  
Getting ready for the  Live on NBC at 8ET Squad members in attendance: jtimberlake HaileeSteinfeld camilacabello97 
Me when Ellie's on the radio: 
When you're at rehearsal and the door just can't even. 
 
We look over and Dixie is hugging Olivia, in this long kitten/toddler embrace... LilyAldridge 
When that new Kendrick comes on: 
You know what they say, girls wearing feathers flock together! Wait no one says that. voguemagazine karliekloss 
babyhaim this tweet explains why we are so close. 
Caradelevingne YOUR AMERICAN ACCENT  
Omigod. 'Style' just went NUMBER ONE at pop radio. Thanks for 3 in a row, guys. This is unreal. 
50 days until the 1989 World Tour kicks off, no big deal. 
KENDRICK PUT HIS ALBUM OUT EARLY. NO ONE TOUCH ME. kendricklamar 
GREAT WORK MEREDITH I WAS JUST TRYING TO LOVE YOU AND NOW YOU OWE ME 40 MILLION DOLLARS 
Sisterhood: 
Real friends are the ones who walk into your house and go get snacks out of the pantry without asking. Happy Birthday, Este! jizziemcguire 
Driving around with the KelseaBallerini EP on repeat.. SO lovely:)   
We are at our best when we cheer each other on and build each other up. Happy International Women's Day. 
Happy Birthday, Dad. Thanks for all the unconditional love, sarcastic comments, and interesting Christmas presents. 
I woke up like thissssssss (With a cat on me) 
New Romantics is FINALLY on iTunes!!!!!!!!! 
THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN. 
Guess who just got named Godmother of this little one.... (ME) Jaime_King 
Is it just me or is Lady Gaga, like, fully LIVING right now?!?  
The look on someone's face when they're doing what they love is contagious and inspiring. So beautiful, PS22 Chorus. 
I don't understand this odd dress debate and I feel like it's a trick somehow. I'm confused and scared. PS it's OBVIOUSLY BLUE AND BLACK 
Kissing my love at the BRITAwards Part III 
Kissing my love at the BRITAwards Part II 
Kissing my love at the BRITAwards Part I 
I had the best time opening the BRIT Awards with this performance!! Honestly, just such an amazing night. 
MY FIRST BRIT AWARD OMGZZZZ 
Cause we never go out of (Elle) style (awards)..... samsmithworld 
LADS. teddysphotos nicholasgrimshaw 
 trend that 
You understand now why they lost their minds and fought the wars, And why I've spent my whole life trying to put it into words... 
And so it goes, you two are dancing in a snow globe round and round. And he keeps a picture of you in his office downtown. 
A song I wrote with jackantonoff called 'You Are in Love' is finally up on iTunesMusic!!!! 
We wrote 'Style' exactly a year ago. Max, the guy flexin on the right, just won Producer of the Year at the Grammys. 
This wasn't a pre tape, it was all done live. I haven't changed clothes that fast since the tour ended. jimmyfallon 
I felt very lucky to be at the Oscar de la Renta show today. It was comforting to be in a room of 
karliekloss's photo 
Watch jimmyfallon and me get dancy AND sporty tonight to celebrate the one year anniversary of FallonTonight!! So excited about this!! 
Life was never worse, but never better... 
So we decided to release the 1989 Deluxe bonus songs on iTunesMusic! Tonight the first one, "Wonderland", is out. LIKE RIGHT NOW 
Spontaneous moments like this are what keep me falling back in love with music over and over again. 
Of course the coolest moment of my life happens and I can't figure out how to flip the video the right 
 
YEAH I WILL. britmaack 
Sending my love to all the lonely Starbucks lovers out there this Valentine's Day.....even though that is not the correct lyric. 
I just want to spend my life showing the people I love how much I love them. 
When I want to go looking for wild desert kittens but Karlie is busy 'reading' and 'studying for NYU'. 
Directed by the amazing kyle_newman Starring DomSherwood1 (who has 2 DIFFERENT COLORED EYES)  
Just found out that in 3.5 months, 1989 has now outsold Red (which has been out for over 2 years) AND I THINK THAT'S PRETTY COOL GUYS 
 
 
STYLE music video. Friday.  
Madonna is now a person I've met.  
BABY 
TheGRAMMYs MaxMartin00 HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO HANDLE THIS I CANT WALK THE RED CARPET SPAZZING OUT LIKE THIS. Producer of the YEAR, MAX 
TheGRAMMYs Beyonce S_C_ I NEED!!!! TO !!!! CALM DOWN!!!! I can't calm down. 
TheGRAMMYs kendricklamar IM NOT CRYING IM NOT CRYING IM NOT CRYING *cries* 
TheGRAMMYs yelyahwilliams paramore I'M SCREECHING IN MY HOTEL ROOM OH MY GOD HAYLEY 
This was Abigail and me in 2005, sophomore year. Expect to see similar facial expressions tonight. TheGRAMMYs 
My date to TheGRAMMYs is........ abiander!!!! We'll try to dress as well in 2015 as we did in 2005.  
Went to the Grammy Museum in LA to see the exhibit they did on ma life. My behavior was as 
Guys...Thank you so much for giving 1989 a 10th WEEEK AT  Woke up with the biggest smile on my face thinking about the year ahead of us. 
Grammy Talk 
MCDONALDS WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT TO ME I WASNT READY 
Instant replay: 
Nashville! 
OH. MY. GOD. therealmariskahargitay's photo 
Check here for dates Meanwhile I'll be doing a celebratory friendship dance to 'Forever'. 
The girls and I got to talking and I'm overjoyed to announce that haimtheband will be joining The 1989 World Tour!! TOURING W/ SQUAD YESSSS 
Happy Birthday, jtimberlake! Thank you for your music, comedy, daaaahncing, songwriting, and for taking this selfie: 
PS any hackers saying they have 'nudes'? Psssh you'd love that wouldn't you! Have fun photoshopping cause you got NOTHING. 
I'd like to acknowledge the MVP of the day, yelyahwilliams, for being the first to text me about the hack this morning.  
Cause the hackers gonna hack, hack, hack, hack, hack... 
"I try to be available for life to happen to me." -Bill Murray haimtheband 
Whale Squad, adventures on the open ocean. 
"She's always wearing, like, a 1950's bathing suit." 
YES WHALE. haimtheband 
When we were whale watching and didn't see whales for 5 minutes and go all moody. haimtheband 
Este-back ride. haimtheband 
Hiking with the Squad in Hawaii. HAIMtheband 
Greetings from Maui! haimtheband 
It's been a year since Ryan Tedder and I wrote 'They are the hunters. We are the foxes. AND WE RUN!'  
YOU TELL THOSE HATERS GIRL. 
So 'Electric Love' by Brns sounds like an instant classic to me.....  garrettborns 
Remembering his beautiful words on  
I didn't get the 'let's all wear black' memo. gigihadid karliekloss iammarthahunt ashavignone 
LOLOLOLOL THE SASS 
Purrrfect  
Cooking all day with ashavignone iammarthahunt tavitulle 
KAR AND MAR. karliekloss iammarthahunt 
Cold New York. Hot tea. iammarthahunt 
So excited about the BRITAwards nomination!! Can't wait to get back to London, but then again I always can't wait to get back to London. 
Pretty obsessed with sarabareilles's video 
Jack and I went back to the birthplace of 1989 and simply rejoiced. jackantonoff 
graciegold95's photo 
kyle_newman's photo 
Scott Swift, the newest member of haimtheband. 
Wandering around Catalina with my favorite people to wander around with. lordemusic graceegold 
Clear blue water... 
shondarhimes Having a writer like you to look up to makes my life better on a daily basis. So happy you like 1989. ((Squeals with joy))  
Grab your passport ..and my hand. 
Hi 2015. 
yelyahwilliams XChadballX CONGRATULATIONS YOU CRAZY KIDS!!!!  
I can't thank you enough for making 1989 the best selling album of 2014. NOW LETS GO CELEBRATE! See you on ABC OfficialNYRE tonight! 
I experienced so many moments of true love this year, and all of them were with you. Here's to more magic in 2015. 
I decided today that when my friends' children come over, I'll feed them chocolate chips and let them 
Me watching Maze Runner= screaming in terror during action scenes or crying all proud of the kid from Love Actually. There is no in between. 
OBSESSED. louisawendorff 
She was completely exhausted from all the other naps she had taken that day. 
Not that giving Christmas presents is a competition, but this year, my mom won. 
My dad just gave me ten lint rollers for Christmas, not for lint but 'because you always have glitter all over you'. Great start, Swifts. 
Baby, we're the New Romantics. The best people in life are free. 
My cats wish they had thumbs so bad. I see them staring at mine like all jealous. 
Tonight Austin said we should all open 1 early Xmas gift- I saw it was a nerf gun as I got hit with the first shot. Then the battle began. 
Maybe I'm being overly sensitive here but this seems kind of mean.  
My favorite covers are the ones where the artist has made it their own, changing the way the song makes you feel. 
'I'm meeting my friend here. She's probably sitting in a corner and wearing a cape' -me locating tavitulle in a cafe PS she was amp; she was 
I love this SO much! TheGRAMMYs 
Happy birthday babyhaim!So happy I got to watch you blow out your candles while you were singing a scandalous/perfect rap song. As you do. 
I just want to thank anyone who wished me happiness today. You're my friend. These are my friends. And I'm so lucky. 
abigail_lauren's photo 
When you're making wish, but you already have all you really need standing around you. 
My birthday present from lenadunham my new most cherished possession. 
So this is being 25.....   
This is my last tweet as a 24-year-old.  
selenagomez I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BEH-BEE 
Plotting, planning, HUSTLING since 1989. 
Meredith is so utterly BORED by my Christmas cheer. 
Me and genagabrielle at Billboard's Woman of The Year event in NYC, right before she announced me and 
Aretha Franklin just sang 'Happy Birthday' to me and it will take me decades to recover.  
Teamwork. 
My sunshine. 
Uh oh Look what I did. 
Got to see Emma KILL IT in Cabaret last night! Every new project she takes on is even more excellent 
The VictoriasSecret Fashion Show airs TONIGHT at 10/9 central on CBS. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Who wore it better? (Paddington obvs) 
A gif depicting rare footage of how Ed and I get all pumped up to go onstage: 
Anddddd *swoon*  
As my 25th birthday present from the media, I'd like for you to stop accusing all my friends of dating me.  
YES YES YES THIS therealsarahhyland's video 
Good night, London... Miss you already. 
I close my eyes and the flashback starts... 
London, thanks for dancing with me tonight under confetti. 
capitalofficial's photo 
About ready to go on at CapitalOfficial Jingle Bell Ball- the voice is feeling hella bad but I'm here and ready to PARTY/sound like a frog. 
I'm about to go onstage at 1027KIISFM  in LA. Fun fact: I have a wicked case of laryngitis. This should be interesting! 
A song I wrote about shaking off things that don't matter just got nominated for 3 Grammys, including record and song of the year. GUYS. 
So proud of these girls, 3 for killing it at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show iammarthahunt 
I'm in love with iammarthahunt and lilyaldridge 
Thanks Billboard. Also thanks, YOU. (Does dorky celebratory dance then trips over a cat toy) 
karliekloss's photo 
Missing the VS show. 
When you get to see your best friend KILL IT at her job. karliekloss 
Tuesday was totally casual. 
Oh my God she couldn't be cuter. arianagrande 
Or maybe even............  
Tomorrow.  
Wonder what I'll be singing at the VS Fashion Show tomorrow... 
Michael5SOS if I'm hearing you correctly, what you're saying is that you'd like to be twitter BFFs. I accept your implied request.  
Casually giving lily's rock hard abs a hug last night. lilyaldridge angelcandice 
Michael5SOS  forgot to mention, congrats on the  the other night at the 's! I was like  
HELP GenaGabrielle I AM CONVULSIVELY SOBBING AND CAN'T STOP 
It feels like one of those nights... 
Michael5SOS Well I was late retweeting you. Call it even? 
My cousin Danny and I, exhibiting fearless fashion and bold taste in hats. 
Brooklyn Duo did a cover of Blank Space that makes it sound like a song people should walk down the aisle to. 
2009 and 2014 Happy Thanksgiving from the Swifts (and also the cousins who have other last names) 
Just sitting in the kitchen with my family and TheEllenShow was on amp; these amazing cheerleaders started dancing to Shake It Off= THE DREAM 
AUSTIN PLAYING WITH DRONES IN THE HOUSE IS NOT A FUN OR SAFE THANKSGIVING ACTIVITY 
I'm thankful for this car full of cousins. kflem7  
This was what happened when Lena and I found out that there is a rap song called 'Lena 
Any questions or requests can be directed to my manager, lordemusic. LOLz. 
This is a very shiny skirt. 
This photo's like "What'd I miss? Did I miss it? Guys?" ASOS magazine 
Sarah--I love you so much, we celebrated your birthday TWICE.  
Ahahaha KARLIE!! karliekloss 
The rest of the world was black and white, but we were in screaming color. selenagomez 
YES selenagomez's photo 
 performance tonight on the  It's gonna be crazy. No like, actually crazy. 
 
The whole team at therealsarahhyland's 24th birthday soire last night. 
I love this cover of Style so much. 
Yeah you wanna find love, Then you know where the city is. selenagomez  
The 1975 at The Palladium. selenagomez elliegoulding 
"I know what I'm doin BAABE Talkin bout a revolution .....there it is" (THRASHES UNCONTROLLABLY) lordemusic MiguelUnlimited ChemBros 
Happy Birthday to the most effortlessly beautiful woman I've ever met. lilyaldridge 
RHNJHGHDFVHJOIYTDFBJJN I'm fine. 
Cracking up at lucyhale's photo 
jessetyler I was so excited about your tweet that I called my mom and also did a reading of it for the cats. Please still like me. 
It takes a while to actually comprehend something like this. It's one of my favorite covers and 
Screaming color. 
Drove back into the city listening to nickjonas 'Santa Barbara' cause it's like a combo of Bon Iver and the way Christmas time should feel. 
Knicks. 
These are 2 of the greatest girls and I'm still laughing from tonight. 
I think the greatest moment of Seanopry55's performance in Blank Space is at 2:08. Tell me your fav Sean moments?!? 
This Qamp;A situation right now.  
Tomorrow I'll be on GMA because AmericanExpress and I have something insanely cool to tell you about regarding the  
I could show you incredible things. Edit credit goes to dailynarnia 
GUYS. Blank Space Music Video Directed by JosephKahn Co-Starring Seanopry55  
A sneak peak at the official "Shake It Off" choreography for the 1989 World Tour: 
It's Ella's 18th birthday technically but we all know she's really 300 and knows all the secrets of 
Here's a pic of Hilary Duff quoting my lyrics on Instagram and generally just being the cutest person in history. 
You've got to fight for your right to PARTY.  
The last time an album sold as many copies as 1989 did first week, it was 2002, I was 12, and going 
Industry experts predicted 1989 would sell 650k first week. You went and bought 1.287 million albums. 
Hi, Tokyo! 
So yeah,  is happening!! Go to for details. I CANNOT WAIT! 
What a beautiful week. Night guys  
She's _Jencita_ if you want to go tell her how cute she is and how precocious and dancy her baby ALREADY is. I'm not crying I'm not crying 
YOU GUYS JENCITA'S UNBORN BABY IS DANCING TO BLANK SPACE IN THIS VIDEO AND I CANNOT CALM DOWN ABOUT IT. 
Today Hillary's pug dressed up in its Christmas best and bought  FYI: Hil is mountainswemoved on Tumblr. 
In silent screams, In wildest dreams, I never dreamed of this.   
When I was drowning That's when I could finally breathe.   
Oh, you got that James Dean daydream Look in your eye...   
Look at that face...    
Saw you there and I thought Oh My God.   
The best people in life are free.   
Baby, we're the New Romantics...   
We're too busy dancing To get knocked off our feet.   
Heartbreak is the national anthem. We sing it proudly.   
Come on, come along with me...   
Baby, we're the New Romantics.   
...and we run.   
They are the hunters We are the foxes..   
We're a crooked love    
I would wait forever and ever.   
I want you for worse or for better.   
So hey, let's be friends!   
And I know for you, it's always me.    
In the dead of night, Your eyes so green...   
"Oof. Taylor Swift. She's always wearing, like, a 1950's bathing suit." 
And you know for me, it's always you.   
They'll take their shots, But we're bulletproof.   
...but I'm just gonna shake.   
2am. Here we are. See your face, hear my voice In the dark..   
I can make the bad guys good for a weekend.    
Grab your passport and my hand.   
I'll never forget you as long as I live.   
This love is glowing in the dark.   
This love left a permanent mark.   
He can't see it in my face, but I'm about to play my ace.   
Cause we never go out of style.   
You took a Polaroid of us.   
Stolen kisses, pretty lies.   
You got that long hair slicked back.   
My mom just texted me this from Wal Mart. 
Rose garden filled with thorns. 
Yes, SNL. YES. 
"We are never out of the woods, because we are always going to be fighting for something." 
A casual Saturday night with abiander and lilyaldridge.  
This love is glowing in the dark.   
We found Wonderland. You and I got lost in it.   
You held on tight to me Cause nothing's as it seems Spinning out of control...   
Flashing lights and we Took a wrong turn and we Fell down a rabbit hole..   
"We are never out of the woods, because we are always going to be fighting for something."   
Everybody here was someone else before.   
I was born in Reading, Pennsylvania on December 13, 1989. 
I would wait forever and ever.   
Looking at it now It all seems so simple   
Found this on tumblr and thought it was a perfect visual representation of Clean. Tumblr Source: 
My one condition is: Say you'll remember me.   
I thought 'heaven can't help me now'   
Remind me how it used to be. Pictures in frames of kisses on cheeks.   
We were built to fall apart Then fall back together.   
You got that long hair slicked back White t-shirt..   
And I got that good girl faith..   
This love came back to me.   
Clear blue water. High tide came and brought you in.   
Windows down, you pass my street The memories start.   
Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your wildest dreams.   
Halloween just amplified our inability to chill.   
Been  Halloween style. Excellent work guys.  
Happy Halloween! Stay safe out there tonight, kids. This has been a message from your friendly 
Youcouldabeengettindown To this Sick BEAT.   
Cherry lips. Crystal skies.   
When we first dropped our bags on apartment floors, Took our broken hearts, Put them in a drawer.  
I bet these memories follow you around.   
Kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats under coats.   
When the sun came up, You were looking at me.   
Because IGGYAZALEA is life. 
Take Me Home.   
We come back every time Cause we never go out of style.   
Oh I remember.   
It'll leave you breathless.   
Love's a game. Want to play?   
Magic Madness Heaven Sin   
I could show you incredible things.   
But you know you wouldn't change Anything Anything Anything   
Like any true love, it drives you crazy.   
Like any real love, it's ever-changing.   
Like any great love, it keeps you guessing.   
Cause I know places we can hide.   
And they'll be chasing their tails trying to track us down.   
Baby... I know places we won't be found.   
Lights flash and we'll run for the fences.   
I can hear them whisper as we pass by.   
Cause, darling I'm a nightmare dressed like a PEGACORN.  
Makes you want to run and hide Then it makes you turn right back aroundlt;3   
We're a crooked love In a straight line down   
2am In my room Headlights pass the window pane I think of you.   
Good.   
Are we in the clear yet?   
And I remember thinking "Are we out of the woods yet?"   
The rest of the world was black and white, but we were in screaming color.   
Then discovered...   
You took a Polaroid of us.   
We cry tears of mascara in the bathroom Honey, life is just a classroom.   
Heartbreak is the national anthem. We sing it proudly.   
Baby we're the New Romantics. Come on, come along with me..   
We team up.   
Every day is like a battle ...but every night with us is like a dream.   
HUSTLIN EVERY DAY 
And now Amber will demonstrate the correct way to listen to 1989 in an automobile. Important note: I love this girl. 
True love.   
No proof, not much But you saw enough.   
And for once, you let go Of your fears and your ghosts.   
I've spent my whole life trying to put it into words.   
This is a great week for me because of you-This is a great week for my dad because he got to meet Whoopi Goldberg yesterday.  
Time moved too fast. You play it back.   
You can hear it in the silence. You can see it with the lights out.   
Isn't it wild and intriguing and beautiful to think that every day we are new?   
You are the only one who gets to decide what you will be remembered for.   
This is a story about coming into your own and as a result, coming alive.   
Thank you Good Morning America, thank you to everyone who filled Times Square, thank you New 
sydneymayss littlelexi_333 GMA shay_shay371 janelhernandezz itsAsh99 love you girls so much!! So happy I got to meet you! 
Good Morning America! Times Square! AHHHHHH! 
I hope you know that you've given me the courage to change.   
HAIMtheband this tweet made me so happy, I forgot for a minute that I'm up at 5am and just did a little awkward celebratory dance. As I do. 
These songs were once about my life. They are now about yours.   
This video is important: 
Karlie and I had the time of our lives at the Knicks game tonight. See you tomorrow bright and early 
Red lips and rosy cheeks.   
This mad mad love makes you come running...   
This week, Amareisreal helped me make my first and probably last layup. Stoked about the nyknicks game tonight! 
Say you'll remember me, Standing in a nice dress Staring at the sunset, babe   
Grab your passport and my hand.   
Wish you were right here, right now.   
Cause we're young and we're reckless....   
A very informative video of me making the sounds my cats make when they fight.  
In honor of  here is a photo of that one time I caught Meredith and Olivia cuddling. 
My phone photo library is SO STALKERY.   
Wish you were right here, right now.   
This love is alive.   
That's how it works. That's how you get the girl.   
If there ever was a day to wear a rainbow glitter skirt, it might as well be today.  
So it's gonna be forever.   
It's like I got this music in my mind sayin it's gonna be alright.   
Nothing lasts forever, but this is getting good now.   
In silent screams, In wildest dreams, I never dreamed of this.   
So hey, let's be friends.   
And I got that red lip classic thing that you like.   
And now let's watch Emma demonstrate a new way to use your 1989 album Polaroids: 
We're too busy dancing to get knocked off our feet.   
Let them say what they want, we won't hear it.   
We found Wonderland.   
You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye...   
This love is good.   
I'm so excited that I get to hang out with this guy again tonight! I'll be on Letterman tonight talking and singing. 
Saw you there and I thought "Oh my God. Look at that face."   
It's important that you watch this if you want to understand anything I say on Tumblr/the internetz. 
I want you for worse or for better.   
Cause we never go out of style....   
Just grab my hand and don't ever drop it, my love.   
This love is glowing in the dark.   
"They said 'take a selfie, take a selfie!' And then they showed me how to take a selfie!" -my dad's first selfie 
Wish you knew that I'll never forget you as long as I live.   
They are the hunters. We are the foxes. ...and we run.   
In losing grip on sinking ships, you showed up just in time.   
This love left a permanent mark.   
And you know for me, it's always you.   
Just found this and I agree that this guy totally wins 'at best boyfriend ever'. Other boyfriends, get on his level. 
It's a new soundtrack, I could dance to this beat forevermore.   
Everybody here wanted something more, searching for a sound we hadn't heard before.   
The best people in life are free.   
Baby we're the New Romantics..   
Good morning! Just  again. Look at all the cute ways you're putting the Polaroids to use!  
I'm loving seeing all these people going to buy 1989 in groups and seemingly, having the most fun EVER.  
NONE OF US CAN FIND OUR CHILL.  
These cuties......  
These babes:  
Meeting everyone after the rooftop Secret Sessions and taking weird pictures = the greatest joy of my 
The photos from Secret Sessions are always hella interesting:  
Just got home from the NYC Secret Session. Now back to full time  
I cyber-stalk because I care.  
Just  around and found these adorable photos: 
I love the pics you're posting with the Polaroids!  
Getting ready for the iHeartRadio Secret Session, casually  
Some important stuff popping off over at TheEllenShow pretty soon.... 
In every Target store, they're playing exclusive never-before-seen video footage of the creation of 
Some reasons I'm having a beautiful Monday:  
This post made my day. I can't believe I'm lucky enough to have friends like this. selenagomez's photo 
Found some important photos while  just now...  
The deluxe  is at Target amp; I just got my copy! 3 voice memos + 3 extra songs, 13 
Oh my God, guys, you could not possibly be cuter.  
Yes, it's a busy promo day.. But if you think I'm too busy to cyber-stalk you, you're WRONG.  
YAYYYYY LILY lilyaldridge's photo 
On the way to Good Morning America and THIS HAPPENS   
Here's the tv schedule for this week! Not on here, but also important: gonna be on MTV all day in 
Wintery beaches. lenadunham's photo 
Flower crowns. lenadunham's photo 
My last tweet tonight. It's here.  iTunesMusic 
IT'S OUT IT'S OUT IT'S OUT THIS IS NOT A DRILL GO GO GO  
 !!!!!! 
I'll be on GMA tomorrow talking about  and back later in the week to perform! Less than 2 hours.... 
 
On my website, you can make your own 1989 Polaroid cover! Look at these cuties: 
If you get  at Target, your album will include 3 bonus songs and 3 of my songwriting voice memos, as well as 13 Polaroids. 6 hours 
I'm giving out 1000 tickets and 500 meet and greets. You can enter as many times as you want, but you HAVE to enter this week. 7 hours. 
I want to meet as many of you as I can. When you buy 1989 this week, you'll get a code for a chance to win tickets/meet and greets on tour. 
The  physical cd comes with 13 Polaroids. There are 5 different sets (65 different poloroids in all) 9 hours. 
Track 9   11 HOURS 
13 hours til 1989. 
Tomorrow, Jack Antonoff and I will be taking over MTV with wide-eyed wonderment.  
Track 8  17 HOURS 
24 HOURS TIL 1989 
Watching Kelly Clarkson SLAY "Shake It Off" is an excellent way to celebrate 26 HOURS TIL 1989!!!!!!  
Track 10  Today, then Sunday... Then it's here!!  
Bonus Track (Only available at Target)  2 days, guys. 
Backstage at We Can Survive at the Hollywood Bowl, getting way too excited about seeing MarkVillaver 
The Billboard Review  2 more days!!!!!! PS I've never loved you more, you loyal, protective, 
Here's our performance of Out Of The Woods on JimmyKimmelLive in the middle of Hollywood Blvd: 
Track 6  
Thank you to the thousands of people who came to Hollywood Blvd to watch us play. It made me so emotional, you have no idea. Love you. 
The girls at Kimmel - Hollywood Blvd tonight. Clare, Melanie, Eliotte, Kamilah. 
The Guardian Review. jaime_king's photo 
out of the woods. jaime_king's video 
Tune in NOW! jimmykimmel 
laurenaquilina: this week has been nothing but a slow, painful wait for the taylorswift13 album AHH! So sweet! PS I love the Fools EP. 
I TOLD YOU, TheEllenShow. 
ElizabethBanks thanks so much for saying that... I'm such a huge fan of yours and this was such a nice surprise! 
Watch TheEllenShow on Oct 27 to see me discuss my 'irrational fears'. BUT ARE THEY REALLY IRRATIONAL?! You decide. 
Track 13   4 days 
More from Rolling Stone  
Rolling Stone  
Time Magazine  
The reviews are in: New York Times  
The full track list.  
Track 12    
A longer/alternate cut of the Target commercial, lots of NYC feelz.   
The Target commercial is out, and features a brand new song you haven't heard yettttttt.....   
Having family that feels like your best friend and best friends who feel like family.  
The Levain Bakery cookies that turned my day around.  
The day I woke up to all these house warming presents that came in the mail from jaime_king and 
Brick walls and sweaters.  
Front stoops.  
Lattes.   
This is a good example of what I typically wear on planes, in front of lots of other people who all 
Bonus Track    
JenniferNettles HAHAHA shaking it off is probably the option less likely to garner restraining orders. If you ever want a girls night, CALL 
Welcome To New York lyrics    
My all-time favorite designer has passed away. Oscar, it was an honor to wear your creations and to 
ALL SYSTEMS GO.   
GUYS.  will be up on iTunes any minute now. This is not a drill!! GO GO GO Photo 
Here's the video of our X Factor Australia performance of Shake It Off! I miss Australia already, watching this: 
Track 7  
"Was that entire crowd just chanting Becky?" treepaine after my X-Factor Australia performance. This is going to be an interesting tour. 
This Out Of The Woods cover is one of the coolest I've seen.. So interesting and so well done!  
Track 11  
Heads up! Something's happening on itunesmusic at around 11:59pm EST Monday night.. Available worldwide:)  
Track 5  
Track 4  
Bonus track  
Yes, Boston College, YES. Thank you so everyone who took part in making this, it just made me SO happy!  
Here it is... your behind the scenes look at the  Love you guys so much. 
Track 3  
Track 2  
The last Shake It Off outtakes video, profiling our legendary and lovable director, markromanek. Go! Look!! (Please) 
Behold, the Diet Coke ad that depicts my perfect world. Featuring a new song and Olivia, who is now a cat actress. 
OMG I can't handle how cute Christina Perri is. 
I wish I could dress my cats in Halloween costumes but the one time I tried that, Meredith tried to jump off a balcony. 
abiander CAN I COME OVER 
elizabethhuett missing your little baby talk voice and the way you slur your words on purpose and how I used to give you haircuts!!! 
Track 1  
Love her so much ---therealsarahhyland's photo 
camilluddington you just made my day. Excuse me while I fangirl about getting a tweet from you (!!!!!!!!!!) 
HOW. AM I. SUPPOSED. TO HANDLE THIS.   
For the next 13 days leading up to 1989, I'll be posting one lyric from each of the 13 tracks each day.  
Trying to sign lithographs. Dealing with critters.    
lenadunham's photo   
Clearly, we are very nonchalant about the whole thing.   
multayply thanks Elise! Cute lyric picture! That was FAST.  
9PHunter Thank you so much!!! So excited that you like it! 
Tech support from jackantonoff: How to get Out Of The Woods to download if you've already preordered 1989 on iTunes: 
You guys have been sooo patient but now you can get  on iTunesMusic! Pre-buy 1989 while you're there? 
Lyrics: Out Of The WoodsWritten by Taylor Swift and Jack AntonoffProduced by Jack Antonoff 
caa1317 I love that you noticed that!! Impressive spy skills.  
BaileeMadison LOVE YOU! 
  PS: these forest shots have all just been pics I took while hiking. 
   
Tonight at midnight. jackantonoff   
"Is that a proper cat?" -John Cleese PS Meredith in the background just straight chillin. 
Casually shaking it off on X Factor. Shout out to all of the fantastic dancers who were phenomenal up 
So... Maybe watch GMA tomorrow morning (Mon at 8:10 E) and maybe check iTunesMusic at midnight Monday.   
Thanks for having me, TheXFactor! What a perfect end to my trip to the UK. I'll be back soon, I promise!  
So like.. Shake It Off is  on iTunes and pop radio. 1989 is  right now iTunesMusic Just a an update that I'm FREAKING OUT.  
Endless LOLs on the Graham Norton Show. Check it out:  
The London  were as outrageous and hilarious and sweet as I dreamed they'd be.  
3 days.  
About to be on the Graham Norton Show- if you're in the UK, tune in! We talked about lotssss of 
Last time I let my parents cat-sit, this portrait session/photo shoot happened. There's really no 
To clarify, what is coming in the next few days is a new song that I think best represents  It is NOT my next single.  
5 days.  
In this case, imitation really is the truest form of flattery. To MiaFarrow from a huge fan. PS look, RonanFarrow!! 
It's so wild being back in London when Shake It Off is in its 3rd week at  and I get in the car and 
When we left Paris, this rainbow showed up and I could not find my chill.  
edsheeran: Thinking out loud (official video) - Masterpiece. 
And to the Ella over there with the hella good hair...... lordemusic 
Just smiled so big as I watched this girl joyously dance-bomb a Whole Foods like a champion.  
The Eiffel Tower outside my car window. Would've gotten out but it was raining and ew. 
Paris fans, being legendary outside NRJ. 
On the way to the airport at 7am, bright eyed and ready to take on the next adventure! .......nope. 
Thanks to everyone who illuminated my night and my life.  PS there are so many 
Yes we are climbing all over each other.  
Thanks for being there when I needed a pick-me-up.  
Yes we are ladylike.  
We are like so over it.  
Yes we are cats.  
Yes we are under a blanket.  
Yes we are lying on the cold hard ground.  
Yes we are busy playing piano.  
Yes we are holding a sailboat.  
Yes we are holding lanterns.  
mollyshafferr love you 375 days a year. 
Miss you already.  
To see my dad photo bombing is to see him at his happiest. 
NYC memories..  
Tonight was  in NYC and john_grande6 came up with this next level pose. 
Way excited about being a 'key advisor' on NBCTheVoice. Here are some pics of me and the coaches that I key advised. 
Fun fact: the amount of days left until  comes out is the same number of years I've been alive. Hint: it's 24. 
It's October AKA the month when the horror movie ads start and at any moment a dead doll or corpse ghost could pop up on my tv.  
Guys I'm really excited about this. My first britishvogue cover! 
To see me exhibit tons of elegance and coordination, click here: PS it's opposite day.  
When attending a Hozier concert, it's very important to accompany the band on your invisible 
Proud. lordemusic 
Last night was a dream. 
Chai sugar cookies with cinnamon eggnog icing AKA Christmas in September. 
kamilahmarshall I think I've had that nightmare before. Did it look like this? 
AHHHHH!  
Just saw this, then immediately called my parents and asked them point blank if they kidnapped me from 
I found this and it made me miss this little party animal. Happy Friday errryone! lordemusic 
ChloeGMoretz: Was super fun rocking out to taylorswift13  at BravoWWHL !!!  best late night show ! Hahaha YES!! 
OUTSTANDING COVER ALERT. I am so obsessed with Labrinth's version of Shake It Off. Unreal. Labrinthda1st BBCR1 
"I'm dancing on my own//I make the moves up as I go." =  
Meredith is in one of her moods. 
I Heart Radio = a marvelous time. See photo evidence: 
I was so happy tonight, it made it impossible to remember the times in the past that I haven't been.  
About to walk onstage........ !  
I don't mean to be all 'me, me, me' but I'm pretty sure this is my fault. lordemusic 
So completely, definitely going to watch this show.   
Das what People say, Mmm Mmm.. Das what People say... Thanks peoplemag! 
How was I to know, upon writing it, that a bird would one day rage THIS hard to  
Zedd: I love taylorswift13 ! Shake it off is real! Happy about this!! 
Some really important conversations are happening on Tumblr. 
Hey, Mariska and nbcsvu, if you noticed less crime in NYC today.. It's cause the other Olivia Benson was on patrol. 
Oh my God, LOVE HER, oh my God. BethanyMota derekhough DancingABC  
Can someone please invent an app that tells me where I can get the food that I smell in the air?  
DaveMills85 It's pretty apparent that we were both having a very casual day. As you can see, I was casually holding a bunch of balloons. 
brittsepe hey girl heyyyy 
Ingrid Michaelson, brilliant singer songwriter and cat photographer: 
I'll never be able to explain to you how astounding it is to open iTunes and see this love letter from 
edsheeran: Intense day preparing for the next music video, it's gonna be a special one No one's ready for what you have up your sleeve. 
skyferreira: I'm obsessed with taylorswift13. I'm so late?!??!?! I love your record! 'Boys' is on every playlist of mine. 
I'm personally inviting all of these guys (and a date!) to a show on tour next year, it's on me. Nailed it, bros! 
Shake it Off Music Video Outtakes "The Modern Dancers" LOL.  
Visiting the Sept11Memorial this year was something I'll never forget, in memory of a day we will always remember with tears in our eyes. 
Real talk: 
This is what happened: Also important to note: 
Photoz by Theo Wenner, boy genius.  
I mean... josheells and I talked about alllll kinds of stuff.  
This week's cover of Rolling Stone: 
Feel like seeing the outtakes of the Shake It Off video ballet section? Step 1: Step 2: 
When you're so excited, all reason and grammar goes out the window. scottborchetta billboard 
As it turns out, you don't know how much you love monogrammed pillows until London provides you with 
tenorbuds: Check out our cover "Shake It Off" by taylorswift13! Your harmonies are SO beautiful. I loved it. 
markromanek: behind-the-scenes on taylorswift13's  Love this! I'm the 4th one. I'm pretty sure... 
TOTALLY gonna ask this girl to choreograph the tour. She just seems to understand the song on a deeper level. 
My thoughts exactly. 
Taeok_Lee:  amp; because I miss you taylorswift13 LUH YOU BUDDY 
myswiftlifee I DID IT. 
myswiftlifee You know that commercial where the elderly people think candy crush is hitting candy with a hammer and  is 'hashbrown'? ME. 
LilyAldridge: Airplane tunes  EXACTLY. Have you heard Hozier 'Work Song'? It's the perfect song. 
I can't thank radio and you all enough for the Hot 100  But I can give you this video of Shake It Off outtakes.. 
!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My home phone is ringing. I did not know I had a home phone. Interesting development. 
And now, after a long week, I'm about to be all....... 
Just LOOK at the records you broke for me this week. I can't thank you enough. I've never been happier in my life. 
Thoughts: I'm glad everyone's discovering Jessie J! Met Iggy in an elevator and she was super nice. Every time I see Blue Ivy, I cry.  
So basically I'm LOSING MY LITTLE MIND because tonight I got to see my friends edsheeran and lordemusic win their first  
We're getting ready for the  are you? edsheeran 
These are our  game faces. 
To be prepared for my  performance, I will need this (see photo) and you will need this: 
So markromanek just sent me this and I'm hyperventilating with joy over it. Thank you, Dimensions Dance. 
caaaaaaaash YES. You just made my day. 
the7thleland Wish I was there!! So glad you like Shake it Off!!!! 
Highlight reel vibes, just in case you missed our little announce party. 
WHAT EVEN HOW EVEN 
D8Clarice: Here's the video on my Facebook, if you can't see it on youtube. lt;3 Love this!!!!!! 
Thank you guys for making today unforgettable.(!!!!!!)   
 
Wow! If you missed any of that information overload, go to   
It's finally time to tell some secrets...  
TODAY.  
See you tomorrow.  
ALS Ice Bucket Challenge ACCEPTED and met at our VMA rehearsal: 
lilyaldridge's video 
Love you forever and ver.BoyGeorge: Meeting Taylor Swift was a bit like meeting The Queen! It was funny! I'm just so South East London! 
YAS ARI ArianaGrande: se excited for  movie this weekend. I love the book  
Father/daughter vibes, on-screen and off. The Giver is out TODAY!! 
FALLON TONIGHT FALLON TONIGHT FALLON TONIGHT FALLON TONIGHT FALLON TONIGHT 
Heartbroken for Robin Williams and his family. 
Thank you to Chef Jeanie at Ella's Fine Food and Drink for giving us the best and only cooking lesson 
Did you guess right?  
Cluuuuue number twooooo..... 
So, here's your first clue... 
Happy 22nd birthday to karliekloss, who is made out of 100 sunshine. 
Sometimes you've just gotta hang out with the people who knew you back when you wore onesies 
Flashback to 2002 when this was the most attention my family had ever gotten. 
I feel like I just interrupted a very important conversation. 
Usually this S represents 'Swift' but today I'm wearing it because SELENA IS 22!!!! 
Finding wings in New York City. 
I will always remember today as the day I cooked dinner, rubbed my eyes, and then learned that jalapeos are NATURE'S PEPPER SPRAY. 
Today I had the actual thought: "Time to start brainstorming what Christmas presents to get people!" Then I realized I may have a problem. 
I'll bet that when you see The Giver, you'll come away haunted by several things. One of those things will be Odeya Rush. OdeyaRush1 
Just saw a screening of The Giver. Honestly, I can't believe I got to be a part of something so poignant and beautiful. My head is spinning. 
abiander: 'Cause you're a sky full of stars  Can we talk about how insanely good coldplay 'Ink' is?! 
jaime_king's photo 
Family portrait. 
Family portrait. 
Took this of jaime_king and then showed it to everyone constantly for the whole trip. 
Me and odeyarush1 and the sunset making my hair look red. photo credit: jaime_king 
We made apple pie because America. 
Sea stampede. 
The Ocean State 
When the 4th of July gives you nonstop rain, make a giant slip n slide. 
Look inagarten !!!! We wish you were here-- love, TS, jaime_king amandygriffith 
jaime_king and I never enter a pool casually. 
Good morning. 
Hope you guys had a great weekend! Ours was suuuuper coastal. karliekloss amandygriffith 
If you're on the fence about buying Ed Sheeran's new album, X, allow me to convince you with this image: 
If you're on the fence about buying Ed Sheeran's new album, X, allow me to convince you with this image: 
When my mom says "Think you should brush the back of your hair?", it's really less of a question and more of a call to action. 
Not even kitten right meow. 
He played his heart out every night for us on the Red Tour, now let's go do this for him. edsheeran 
Summer. Sundress. Sweater. Sunset. 
Has anyone ever told you that you look like a baby polar bear? 
Go for the Gold! GraceEGold 
Meet Olivia Benson. 
I'm thinking of the fathers we lost and those who are missing them today. Sept11Memorial 
At a certain level of jet lagged, I just start answering all of my business emails with "I'll do whatever I want." 
Just so you know... 
Never played in Malaysia before tonight and I've been missing out- THANK YOU KL! Only one more show, then no more Red Tour...... 
But I thought everyone does this? 
I swallowed a strand of my hair and now everything is ruined. 
Great crowd tonight, Singapore! See you again later this week for show  
Just enjoying a casual pre-show hang with this butterfly right now. 
Mark and I, talking the talk in Manila. 
LET'S GO MANILA 
Super weird how all of a sudden everyone is busy when I text them "hey want to come over and have a Scrabble tournament??" 
It's crazy to think about how many countries I've lost hair ties in. 
WOAH so it was definitely option A. Excellent work, Jakarta. 
I can hear the crowd from my dressing room so either A) Jakarta crowds are the loudest EVER or B) Jakarta arenas have super thin walls. 
Making erratic and impulsive decisions as a result of missing my roommate. 
The Tokyo show was a DREAM. Plus, we've added another show in Singapore on June 9th!! See you there! 
YES, MTV JAPAN. YES. 
Just watching some MTV Japan and hadn't seen this in SO long. Tokyo, you are absolutely killing it. 
WOAH TOKYO THIS AIRPORT SITUATION !!!!! 
Rebel. 
So it turns out Shanghai crowds are AMAZING. Next stop: Tokyo. 
About to play my first show in Shanghai tonight! So excited. This was yesterday, talking about the tour and stuff. 
I'm sending my love to the fans in Thailand. I'm so sad about the concert being canceled. 
OH! OHHHH... Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles.... britmaack 
"If you continue to not take this game seriously, it will continue to not reward you." austinswift7 on playing pool with me. 
Happy Birthday to my favorite person to have picnics with.. the magical, kind-hearted, wondrous 
Hair/make up/Motown dance party karliekloss 
That moment when your cat casually walks up,then abruptly ATTACKS your custom satin Oscar de la Renta gown during your fitting for Met Ball. 
zachbraff: iamNickCordero is the discovery of the year. His level of talent is what Broadway is about.  Agreed!!! 
Lily, giving me major Audrey Hepburn vibes, while schooling me at pool. lilyaldridge 
We decided we were dressed like a strait-laced mom and her rebellious teen daughter. 
Looking for Easter eggs..... 
Got to go to a magical ingridmusic concert tonight and hear the new album, out now. My favorite is "Wonderful Unknown". 
PortableShua: Taylor Swift's Instagram makes me want to be a better person If you aren't being sarcastic, thanks!! Also, your vine = LOL 
I haven't done a video blog in about 2 years but this was so much fun, I had to. 
PROUD FRIEND ALERT. edsheeran 
My dad, just being himself. 
First we baked a bunch of cookies and then we made faces. graceegold 
"If you love me, come on, get involved!" BLASTING edsheeran's insane new single in the car right meow.   
Guyssss- Thank you so much for the nominations tonight at the ACMawards! About to head that way shortly...  
Photo credit: Austin Swift -- Las Vegas, NV. 
"For whatever we lose (like a you or a me), It's always ourselves we find in the sea." E.E. Cummings 
So far this week, all I want to do is paint and all I want to paint are watercolor flowers. 
This has Been going on for 20 minutes and I even took a picture and it is still going on. 
I keep hiding things in secret spots in my apartment and then forgetting where I hid them. Would've been the worst pirate ever. 
I made dis. 
So excited to have been a part of this. First look at The Giver. OdeyaRush1 KatieHolmes212  
Lena on jimmyfallon = the most adorable interview ever and I'm sad that it's over. 
One of the only unchanging things about my life in the last 10 years is my love of Paramore, Ingrid Michaelson, Fall Out Boy amp; Coldplay. 
A day of cooking in the Hamptons with my HERO. How bad can that be? inagarten foodnetwork_mag 
Confetti-bombed my brother for his birthday and he was like  
Happy Birthday, austinswift7! I made an annoying meme to celebrate this momentous occasion! 
On the way home. karliekloss 
Beach, forests, cliffs, Northern California, sand, flower picking. Best road trip ever. karliekloss 
This forest situation. karliekloss 
California here we come, right back where we started from... ROAD TRIP!! karliekloss 
This weekend was like... 
Bare feet in the sand on a Saturday.. 
Been hearing songs from this project all year and am so excited the first single is out!!!!! YAY jackantonoff 
HAPPYBIRTHDAY edsheeran! Now let's take a moment to reflect back on the best outfit you've ever worn. austinswift7 
Meredith, move your ears.    
Days off are for...... 
It was a studio Valentines Day with Max and Johan! 
Just googling when I can watch GraceEGold skate in the Olympics next... How adorable and lovely is she?! 
London, I could never thank you enough. See you next time! PS: short hair, don't care. (!!!) 
Haircut. 
Just posted a photo 
Sitting backstage at the O2 in London, thinking about what an impressive and extraordinary life Shirley Temple led. Thanks for the memories. 
Oh my God, please never leave me. 
Next to meeeeee, woo hooo! lt;3 
Tonight emelisande surprised our London crowd with 'Next to Me'!! SHE IS SO HEAVENLY. I've had the best time here. Last show tomorrow.... 
I see fire. edsheeran 
A huge thank you to US Ambassador MatthewBarzun for giving me this pin that so accurately expresses my feelings. 
Berlin, you were a DREAM!! AND edsheeran came along to surprise you with 'I See Fire'. Thank you for being wonderful.  
About to fly to Berlin. Just relaxing on this comfortable couch at the airport... 
Just trying to be like George Washington. caradelevingne 
Me, Ed, Cara. Singing songs in the US ambassador's house. What is life. 
Tonight's surprise guest at the O2: Danny O'Donoghue from The Script singing 'Breakeven'. The crowd went absolutely insane!!  
Tonight at the O2, samsmithworld sang my new favorite song "Money On My Mind" and smashed it! You need this song/artist in your life! 
First night in London and edsheeran came out to surprise the crowd with 'Lego House'. Earth-shattering screams ensued. What a lad.  
About to put on my hat and walk/frolick to the stage for our first of five shows at the O2 in London!!  
LONDON. Finally!!!! 
And you know... We're on each other's team.    
BACKSTAGE AND EXCITED. 
My Grammy date and me back in the day, discussing Mary Kate and Ashley, the Land Before Time, and Colorada(o). 
Today at rehearsals for grammys. I'm trying to remember.. What was the song a lot of you were saying 
It is a daily struggle for me to not buy more cats. 
It's the 13th and it's 13 days until TheGRAMMYs. I'm aware that I talk about 13's too much (as well as cats and food) but 2 in one day!!! 
"Apparently the Golden Globes red carpet flooded. Let's just go in our jammies this year!" austinswift7 
Thank you for wanting to go to concerts, guys. You are unbelievable. 
So a VMA just came in the mail.. 
Sarah_Hyland there is a very important cat photo bomb happening in that picture. 
therealsarahhyland RINGING IN 2014. 
Happy New Year from two high school BFFs. A look at 2008 vs 2014. abiander 
Matching Christmas onesies is a thing that's happening right now. 
"Hey Austin, you want some water?" -Scott Swift, 1994 austinswift7 
Christmas 1993, on a very important phone call with Britany. britmaack 
Merry Swiftmas and Hailee New Year. haileesteinfeld 
It's not possible for her to be cuter or for this day to be more festive. haileesteinfeld 
Our Melbourne final bows....  
Twin guitars.  
The last song of the last show of the  2013... 
Melbourne: Our last show of 2013 and my first show of being 24. 
The best birthday I've ever had. 
Sparklers 
Pretty.... 
Red balloons. 
Roses. 
My 24th birthday was a Melbourne garden party. Thank you for all the birthday wishes!! 
A Golden Globe nomination on my birthday... I think it's safe to say there will be no walking for me today, only skipping and frolicking. 
Thanks mom. 
It would appear that I'm now 24. That's on Australia time though. Still 23 in the States. 
And this---Getting to sing with falloutboy! LilyAldridge VictoriasSecret karliekloss 
If you didn't catch this the other night.... 
On another note, watching cd_henderson try to cure a headache with Skittles and Red Bull before the show was truly inspiring. 
Perth! Insane crowd! When you randomly all started singing happy birthday... Well played :) 
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show tonight. CBS. EXCITED. karliekloss LilyAldridge BeePrinsloo Caradelevingne angelcandice ErinHeatherton 
Using my phone camera as a mirror to re-apply red lipstick turned into..... melanienyema D8Clarice D8Ricky 
Band outing: working on our Aussie accents, beach strolling, loving Perth.  
I LOVE YOU GUYS WE GOT AN ALBUM OF THE YEAR NOMINATION AND I AM TOO EXCITED TO USE PUNCTUATION 
Make sure to watch the  Concert tonight on CBS 10/9 central-- We're performing from Australia on the Red Tour! 
Grammy Nominations Concert December 6 Victoria's Secret Show airs Dec 10 Turning 24 Dec 13 Getting prettttty excited about all of it. 
Sydney. Just look at you....  
There's a Christmas tree in my hotel room and I'm really happy about it. 
SYDNEY THAT WAS SO LOUD!!! 
The RedTour is doing Secret Santa. Just found this in my dressing room and ran down the halls screaming 'SANTA!!!' 
Sydney. Allianz Stadium. Tonight. Can't WAIT. 
Farewell lovely NZ, now we're off to Sydney... 
True love. 
The more beautiful the scenery, the more we hug. kamilahmarshall 
The view. ellebelle37 
Eliotte and me. 
Clare and Cait. 
Some of my favorite people, onstage and off. 
Waiheke Island. Sigh.. 
New Zealand, thank you for your loud crowds and for days like this. 
Photographs of today. 
December in New Zealand with ellebelle37 and caitlinbird 
Sitting in a restaurant in Auckland NZ and TheVampsband 'Can We Dance' is on the radio-- sounds SICK!! Getting excited for O2 in February! 
Last night in Auckland. So glad we still have 2 more shows here! 
New Zealand crowds make it SO worth the 30 hours of flying it took to get here!! 
I'm thankful that we're about to go onstage in Auckland, New Zealand! 
OHHHHHH! LIVIN ON A PRAYERRRRR 
!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You guys are the strongest, most powerful bond in my life and I really appreciate the AMAs you won us tonight. Thank you so much. 
Heading to the AMAs!!!! Excited!  
I love a sneak preview. VictoriasSecret LilyAldridge karliekloss 
Ed told me to caption this "SWEERAN" 
What's going down in my kitchen right now. 
I've listened to "Hold On" by ColbieCaillat 45 times today. So on repeat. So important. 
While in the studio I came to the realization that my bangs are long enough to use as a sleep mask on 
2 
1 
The New York Magazine article, written by Jody Rosen: 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Still reliving getting to sing 'My Songs a Know What You Did in the Dark' with falloutboy at the  ! 
Class of '13! VictoriasSecret  
yelyahwilliams I LOVE YOU, that was such a nice thing to say PS you're on the radio allthetime in NY asking me if I'm gonna stay the night 
Trouble, trouble, trouble... VictoriasSecret  
Candice, you're prettyyyyy VictoriasSecret  
Tonight!! Insane! Glittery catwalk! IS THIS REAL LIFE LilyAldridge VictoriasSecret  
The best things always happen on the 13th! ErinHeatherton LilyAldridge Caradelevingne  
I've been in rehearsals all day for  and I can't wait for tomorrow!! EXCITED. VictoriasSecret 
It was an honor to perform Red with Alison Krauss, Vince Gill, Edgar Meyer, Sam Bush, and Eric Darken. Here it is. 
My dad loves the CMAs. 
Tonight was my favorite CMAs ever, and I'm thinking about you all tonight. So many beautiful memories this year. 
I'm never going to forget this. Ever ever ever. TheEllenShow MickJagger jtimberlake  
Dress.  
So excited to be debuting 'the last time' with garysnowpatrol on X Factor UK tonight! It's good to be back in London :) 8pm! 
Sitting in the studio writing the next album (!!!!) and wanted to thank you for the American Music Award nominations! 
One Chance comes out tomorrow in the UK! I love this movie and the inspirational story behind it. Check it out? onechancemovie JKCorden 
So.... "Sweeter Than Fiction" will be available at iTunes TONIGHT at midnight! onechancemovie 
Something I'm really excited about is happening very soon! Maybe even as soon as tonight... onechancemovie 
Got home to find these flowers from InStyle and a copy of my new cover! That was really thoughtful of them! 
An inside look at our last  shows in the US featuring LukeBryanOnline HunterHayes rascalflatts edsheeran 
I am SO beyond excited we get to play 5 shows at O2 in London! UK fans, you are incredible- and I'm so happy TheVampsband will be opening! 
So excited about my GlamourMagUK cover!This is one of my fav pics from the shoot. Caption:'Looking for a hair tie'. 
Reminiscing about Los Angeles and the Red Tour and wonderful surprise guests and this magical whirlwind.. 
"I want to thank my wife Evie for being so cruel and sexy" - Stephen Colbert  favorite quote of the night. 
Smiling, thinking back on it all.  
Last night's surprise guest: hunterhayes. Magic. 
Hands down edsheeran's best look ever.  
I love these people so much.  
Thank you to HunterHayes for driving everyone CRAZY with 'I want crazy'!! The crowd went INSANE for him and I loved every minute.  
Just said to caitlinbird "can you help me undo the back of my leotard?" for the last time :-(  
Show highlight: edsheeran dressed like a clown and danced the choreography to We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together. Quite the finale. 
To Nashville, and all the crowds we played for in 66 cities..in sickness and in health, I will love you forever.  
I can't believe we're about to play this show one last time in America.  
Ed's cat apparel addiction has reached new heights. (And more Nashville photos) edsheeran rascalflatts  
"What hurts the most... Was being so close." Live in Nashville. rascalflatts 
Nashville! Tonight rascalflatts surprised the crowd and we sang 'What Hurts the Most'!! Unforgettable! Pics tomorrow. 
Uh oh. Realizing you're actually really sick on the day of a sold out show is a whole new level of stressful. 
Last night was unreal, Nashville. Wonder what's in store for tonight.... 
Nashville. That show was life changing amp; you were PERFECT. Thank you to LukeBryanOnline, who came out and SLAYED. Never going to forget it. 
Nashville tonight. Nashville tonight. Nashville tonight. Nashville tonight. NASHVILLE. TONIGHT. 
Massive baking day. 
September is Pediatric Cancer Month. Gold is its color. Isabel Song is a true inspiration. Read her story: 
I love the 13th and I love playing shows in North Carolina. 
This is incredible. KingsOfLeon 
Somehow this adds extra pressure to the already-stressful task of choosing what shoes to wear to meet and greet. 
The first trailer for One Chance!! Feeling so honored to have written the end credit song with jackantonoff. 
6 CMA NOMINATIONS!!!!!! ALBUM AND ENTERTAINER!!! What an excellent way to start the day. Thank you, guys. And thank you CMA.  
Tonight= my first Toronto Film Festival experience-Going to the premiere tonight of One Chance, honored to have written the end credit song! 
"What a sad, beautiful, tragic love affair..." Live in St. Paul, MN: 
From my dressing room, I can hear caseyjames playing 'Cryin on a Suitcase' for our sold out MN crowd. Such great lyrics. 
Fargo and St Paul were SO loud and wonderful. I can't believe we only have 7 more shows in North America.  
"Paint stuff and make jam. You're good at doing that." -Life/love advice from edsheeran 
I need there to be a follow up for every viral video letting me know the people/cats in them are ok. Like lol but no seriously, you alright? 
Staples memories. Starring CherLloyd teganandsara elliegoulding SaraBareilles JLo  
Watching OurNameIsFun live tonight at the Greek was unforgettable. Such incredible musicians and showmen. It was just SO good. 
Most underrated Fun song! Sarah_Hyland: Out on the town with ma peeps ;) mattpro13 taylorswift13 diannaagron 
Washington. That show was unreal. 20,000 people in the Tacoma Dome screaming uncontrollably. What a dream! 
We're off to a great start in Portland, where I've just been given these donuts as a gift. 
So honored that garysnowpatrol showed up in Sacramento to sing 'The Last Time' for the FIRST time live with me tonight! 
I love you guys so much. 
Headed to the VMAs. So. Excited. 
Sang Jenny From the Block with JLo tonight at Staples Center. STILL FANGIRLING OUT ABOUT IT. 
Our last show in LA is tonight. Can't wait to see what's in store...... 
Now I've seen it through, and now I know the truth... That anything could happen. 
So.. Anything could happen at one of our LA shows. elliegoulding showed up to sing 'anything could happen'! 15,000 person dance party. 
So.... teganandsara just came out and surprised the crowd with 'Closer' and made an entire sold out Staples crowd DANCE. Unreal!!! 
I wanna see you be brave. SaraBareilles STAPLESCenter 
I think it's important to note that CherLloyd and I are actually both in mid-air in this picture. 
To everyone who came to the show tonight in LA, I adore you. To anyone coming to the next 3 shows, expect more of the unexpected :) 
One of my favorite moments of the night was CherLloyd coming out to sing 'Want U Back'. The crowd went insane!! And she's such a fun girl! 
Tonight at Staples was an absolute DREAM. SaraBareilles came out to sing 'Brave', one of my favorite songs. And she completely smashed it!! 
About to play Staples Center. A girl in my meet and greet showed me this. Great work, dad. 
I'm 100. Sorry not sorry.    
About to play a show in San Diego, and the arena has even made posters! How festive! 
Just hours left to vote for 
It was like... 
About to step onstage. Soldier Field. Chicago. I am SO excited to see you. 
Anxiously counting down to VMA's... Feel like voting? Cause I certainly feel like shamelessly asking you to. 
Friends actually forever. abiander 
I love you, Kansas City. Thank you for two wonderful shows! 
Whaaaa????? Cool! taylornation13: Check out this article about Taylor in Rolling Stone! 
Thank you for tonight, Des Moines. I found endless amounts of glitter on my arms from hugging lots of you tonight. Thanks for going all out! 
I'm pretty sure she's trying to say 'vote for VMAs.' 
So GMA will have exclusive backstage interview and performance clips with CarlySimonHQ and me tomorrow morning. 7 a.m. on ABCNetwork :) 
Got to sing 'You're So Vain' with Carly Simon at Gillette Stadium tonight!!!!! Unreal. I could not possibly look up to her more. 
Gillette stadium wins my imaginary award for Best Backstage Banners. 
Must. Get off twitter. Must sleep. Playing Gillette stadium tomorrow. Love you guys. 
Shout out to anthonymandler who directed the Trouble video-Video of the Year/female nominations!! Vote for 
Everything Has Changed remix is already  on iTunes! Yay edsheeran!!! Thanks guys! 
I'm going through and reading all of the tweets from you about how you voted for VMAs.. It's so incredible to have you guys in my life. 
Happy 21st birthday to my friend, and the closest thing I've ever had to a sister, selenagomez!! 
Philadelphia. Seriously. I love you. 
For everyone here tonight in Philly, we're dressed and ready to take the stage as soon as the rain stops. See you soooooon... 
To clarify. edsheeran AustinMahone 
The Red Tour would like to thank you for our VMA(VM-ayy!)nominations AustinMahone edsheeran 
My co star reevecarney did all of his own stunts in the Trouble video- another fantastic reason to vote for VMAs! :) 
So stoked to be representing the girls in an otherwise all boys category for Video of the Year at the VMAs. Vote?! 
Two VMA nominations!! If you vote and get us one, I promise to keep a firmer grip on the mic this time ;) 
Speechless. And for the worst reason. 
"My songs know what you did in the dark.. So light em up." PatrickStump falloutboy 
Tonight was a show I'll NEVER forget. That insane MetLife Stadium crowd and a surprise guest performance by patrickstump of falloutboy!! 
Backstage at MetLife Stadium. Trying really hard to feel like this sign in my dressing room isn't 
I feel like I definitely get along with people roughly 45 more if they know all the words to 'You're So Vain' by Carly Simon. 
Just landed in my home state- Pittsburgh, see you later on! I'll be the one in the sparkly red shoes singing about my feelings. 
Our 4th in photos: 
Im so excited that the new video for Red comes out this evening! Also very excited about all the red, white, amp; blue happening tomorrow. 
In Vancouver- just realized you guys got my twitter up to 30 million followers?!?! So cool considering I only tweet about my cat and food. 
Then and now. britmaack 
So stoked to be playing the first show they've ever had in this stadium tonight- see you soon Winnipeg... 
It's summer, isn't it... 
At 9pm, I'm either onstage or I'm doing this. 
We've lost Chet Flippo, one of my favorite journalists, who devoted his life to writing about music from a place of integrity. So sad. 
Happy Father's Day and a shout out to my fantastic dad for loving me even when I wore outfits like this. 
Toronto. I love you. 
I'm beginning to think that you don't find happiness from living your life looking ahead or back..that you find it when you look around. 
Just took a walk around the stadium we're playing in tonight in Toronto- It took a while. Two nights playing here?? No complaints. 
I heard caitlinbird running through the house screaming. At first I thought she was being murdered. Turned out she saw a rainbow outside. 
21, 23, 22. So on average, 22. RizzleKicks edsheeran backstage in London. 
Thanks edsheeran for surprising the crowd and coming out to sing 'Everything Has Changed'. Everyone went INSANE.  
Looking out into a crowd of 80,000 with their phones up, all lit up, was breathtaking. London. I just adore you.  
Backstage at Wembley Stadium, eating candy, waiting to play later on- stoked for tonight!  
The heart shaped glasses! The confetti! The dance party! jayleno's '63' is SO worth watching. 
Thank you TheTimMcGraw amp; KeithUrban for joining me onstage for 'Highway Don't Care' at CMA Fest!And thanks for the  country radio! FUN! 
I've been excited about this for a very long time. Now I get to share it with you. 
She's so BORED. 
About to head to the CMT Awards. Got austinswift7 with me. If you want to watch, it'll be on CMT (as referenced in the title of the show). 
Yes! The twirl!! MickJagger RollingStones  
Filing this under 'never in my wildest dreams'.Thank you RollingStones for inviting me to Chicago to sing with you. 
Filing this under 'friends forever'. MickJagger 
Ran backstage for a quick change in the dark and ran into one of my dancers amp;realized their costumes are TERRIFYING. 
Voting for CMT Awards ends tomorrow, just saying... 
Well hello again, summer. And green grass Cloudless blue skies. And dancing in the afternoon for no reason at all. 
It's official. I'm obsessed with Arizona crowds. Thanks for 2 beautiful nights in Glendale. 
We play Glendale AZ tonight. Gonna try to break my record of 'how high I can jump off the stairs w/ out injuries'. 
Dallas. Thank you for a memory I'll replay in my mind on rainy days. 
Dallas. Thank you for a memory I'll replay in my mind on rainy days. 
Just got to Dallas, where we'll play a sold out show tonight. At Cowboys Stadium. (!!!!!!!!!) 
That moment when you buy scissors and then you try to open them but you can't because you DON'T HAVE SCISSORS. 
katyperry please never change. 
That San Antonio crowd was amazing and SO loud. Now I'm stuck in my own concert traffic, which is a conflicting feeling. 
Oklahoma- the entire crowd in Austin, TX and I have you in our thoughts and prayers tonight. 
Best. Night. 
Billboards! On ABC! You watching? 
"Just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again 
Played Houston! Then rehearsed in Vegas for Billboards! Then cleaned my closet and concluded that roughly 79 of my shirts are striped. 
Just picked my dress for Billboard Awards, which reminds me- only a few days left to vote for the Milestone Award! 
About to watch the New Girl season finale and I totally would be even if I wasn't in this episode. NewGirlonFOX 
Oh my God. YES.  
iSpeakNow_13 I'm smiling so big reading your letter. Thank you so much. That was so nice of you. 
Soooooo this happens tomorrow! NewGirlonFOX 
So happy to have spent Mother's Day with my mom, dad, and brother--and also a sold out crowd of wonderful people in Washington DC. 
I love this tour. I love Washington DC crowds. I love that we get to play here tomorrow night too. 
Driving home listening to z100 play 22 after playing to a lovely crowd in Columbus OH!! 
Found her sleeping like this. No idea how she didn't suffocate on her own fur. 
Louisville, Kentucky. What an epic crowd tonight!! 
Saturday night with my friends:) 
Detroit. That show was unforgettable. Thank you so much. 
We're playing our first stadium show of the Red tour in Detroit tonight! Ford Field. 50,000 people. Cannot. Wait. (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) 
It feels like one of those nights... I google nature-related questions. 
That Lexington crowd was INCREDIBLE. And 17,000 strong. So happy right now. 
This is on a giant wall backstage in the arena in Cleveland! Stoked to play tonight. 
tlaserson your note just made me so happy :) tell your sister happy birthday for me! 
Well said, austinswift7. 
So my TV remote is broken- which pretty much cancels my evening plans with detectives Benson and Stabler. And Eames and Goren. And Dr Grey. 
Tampa. You were so loud and dancy, it's gonna take me a while to fall asleep after that one. So I will raid the fridge now. Obviously. 
So cool that bobatl came to the show last night and surprised the Atlanta crowd with 'Both of Us'! Insanely fun. 
Bye Atlanta!! Love you! 
Atlanta, you were an insane crowd-- see you tomorrow night? Excited. 
This is my equivalent to a dragon guarding treasure. 
Sending all of my love to Boston after a day of sadness and confusion and not knowing what to say. I just don't understand. 
Animal kingdom. This giraffe situation. 
Tower of TERROR. Lockoir D8Caitlynn Scott_Myrick D8Clarice cd_henderson Taeok_Lee mase_cut amandacleghorn 
Best day EVER. Disney with my friendssssss!!! edsheeran Mallauri Scott_Myrick 
Met this incredibly talented girl in my meet and greet tonight. She made this. Thank you, Kimari. 
The Diet Coke commercial! Check it out- it airs tonight tonight during Idol. 
Woah Miami! That was so much fun!!! After a week away, I'm so stoked to be back on the  
Oooh this just came out, UK:) 
So.. This is happening right now in my hotel room. 
Just got to Vegas for the ACMs-- fun fact: today is the last day to vote for entertainer of the year and voting during the show counts most! 
Not a lot going on at the moment, or... 
"..But I don't wanna dance if I'm not dancing with you." 
"Tonight I'm gonna dance for all that we've been through.." 
Tonight Pat Monahan from Train showed up to sing "Drive By" with us!! One of my favorite singers, and favorite songs. Newark was a PARTY. 
Tonight Tyler Glenn from neontrees surprised the crowd with 'Everybody Talks'! Wonder if there will be more surprises tomorrow, Newark? 
Newark. You are amazing. See you tomorrow? And the next night? Excellent. 
I've listened to "My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark" by FallOutBoy 43 times today. 
ACM voting for Entertainer of the Year has officially started: let 6-year-old me convince you. 
Pre show. Columbia, South Carolina. 
This tour is making me so happy. 
Oh Charlotte, North Carolina- what a beautiful crowd you were tonight:) 
St Louis, you were insanely loud and fun and amazing. Thanks for coming, guys. And a huge thank you to Nelly_Mo for coming out to sing!!! 
St Louis. Pre Show. caitlinbird and me. Lyrics. 
In other news, we now have a photo booth backstage. lockoir edsheeran Taeok_Lee Scott_Myrick 
To everyone who came to see us these past 2 nights in Omaha, thank you for your screaming and dancing and singing. I'm driving away smiling. 
So I get home and I'm all "That was an AMAZING crowd!" And she's all: 
Can't believe I'm getting ready for the first show of the  (!!!!!!!!!) 
22;) 
Cool! Proud of you, Joseph. 
Hey so....... GMA is going to be previewing the video for "22" tomorrow morning. 7 a.m. on ABCNetwork :) 
The 22 video premieres AND the Red Tour starts on Wednesday! Yes, that's the 13th. Yes, that's on purpose. 
Just watched This is 40 in my hotel room. MaudeApatow, you are amazing and I actually clapped after every one of your tantrums. So good. 
Stuck in traffic behind myself. 
Had a photo shoot. Found a tiny piano. Had a tiny jam session. 
Happy Birthday to my magical friend, fiddle extraordinaire caitlinbird. 
In celebration of I Knew You Were Trouble staying at  for a 6th week at pop radio.... 
Driving home, Maroon5 "Daylight" came on and I was screaming the 'WOAH's so loud the people in the car next to me thought I needed help. So. 
Midnight cinnamon roll. I'd blame the jet lag but I'm not even sorry. 
Our BRITS performance:) 
Cannot. Wait. To perform on the  It's tonight on ITV at 8pm.  
(BRITs rehearsals!) 
So. One of my favorite human beings on the planet turns 22 today. I hope edsheeran has the most perfect show in LA tonight! HAPPY BDAYYYY 
These beautiful people were my Valentines. We can't wait to see you on tour.  
So grateful for the 5 Academy of Country Music Awards nominations I got today. And happy that it's the 13th. And thankful for you. 
Leaving LA now after the best day with my friends. Almost forgot it was a video shoot. Can't wait for you guys to see it. 
Video shoot early tomorrow, so my Grammy after-party situation looks like......... 
wPerezHilton: RT Taylor Swift Is A Darling Dancer At The  See All Her Audience Moves In  HERE!! 
Look what happened. :) 
WE JUST WON A GRAMMY FOR SAFE AND SOUND!!!!!!!!!! 
Favorite Grammy day moment so far: sitting in my dressing room with Sir Elton, watching EdSheeran play new songs on his guitar. 
Grammy rehearsals last night, studio today, who knows what tonight holds! (I do. Laying around watching 
Hey austinmahone this video feat official_flo looks siiiiick. Stoked you're opening up our stadium shows this summer! 
Long day of rehearsals amp;fittings for Grammys (stoked). Now I'm in bed at 8pm (again) and (still) blaming it on jet lag from the Europe trip. 
In other news, Sophia Grace and Rosie covered I Knew You Were Trouble and I want to hug them right now. 
I sang with Tim McGraw on a song on his new album- it's called 'Highway Don't Care' and it's out now and I'm psyched about it- check it out? 
Just wanted to say.. 
Trouble is  on US and UK radio so I brought donuts to work. As donuts and  both make me very very 
So I'm just minding my own business, making a sandwich before rehearsals, and I get a call that Red is platinum in the UK. I LOVE you guys. 
3am. Jet lag. Whyyyyyyyyyyyy. 
Thank you to all the fans in France and Spain for making this trip so lovely. Headed back to  now! 
You never know when you might happen upon the most perfect carousel... 
Had the best day off in Paris, meandering around, laughing hysterically with haileesteinfeld. 
thereadyset :) :) :) 
This Cannes sunset situation... 
Tonight was my first time at the 40 Principales Awards in Madrid and it was amazing! Thanks to the fans for the International Artist Award:) 
So I was already a tompeterodell superfan... Now I'm just floored. This is so good. 
Quick photo shoot in London and now we're in Madrid. BFF status to edsheeran for hooking up my friends with tickets to his nashville show!! 
It's official--'I Knew You Were Trouble' is  on pop radio!! You guys are unbelievable. I'm smiling SO big right now. 
Hey everybody, Michael J. Fox got in touch with me today and we are good. Thank you for having my back. 
Samuel L Jackson. YES. 
Somewhere in LA.. 
BRIT nomination?! Amazing!!  
Back in the studio. Uh oh... 
Sitting here with my new People's Choice award and Chinese food take out, watching Law and Order. Thank you for a beautiful night:) 
I've had so many people send me this. SO unbelievably cool. walkofftheearth krnfx 
...'til you put me down. 
There are 13's EVERYWHERE. This is PERFECT. 
So excited to be in New York playing on OfficialNYRE! It all starts at 8pm ET on ABC. Can't. even. verbalize. how stoked I am for 2013! 
I shouldn't read into the fact that my family got me a new scrabble board (the one that swivels!) amp;cat treats for Christmas, right? Am I 85? 
My dad just sent me this commercial. Adorable. Merry Christmas and may you never grow up. 
Oh heyyyyy iTunes.... :) :) :) 
listening to the radio with Meredith. 
Hiiii lilyrosecooper--thanks! That just made my day:) Merry Christmas! 
Was just thinking about how amazing it is that ReeveCarney did all of his own stunts in the 'Trouble' video. So unbelievably talented. 
I'm heartsick about the senseless tragedy in CT and praying for the families of the children and teachers who lost their lives. Unthinkable. 
The video. Starring the unbelievable ReeveCarney, directed by the amazing AnthonyMandler. I'm so proud of this one. 
Best birthday surprise EVER-just found out that Safeamp;Sound is nominated for a GOLDEN GLOBE!! Thank you goldenglobes and HFPA!  
selenagomez I love you so. 
BIRTHDAY!!!! 
December 13th is my 23rd birthday, and also the premiere of my 23rd video. How fun. 
Guys. MTV is going premiere the 'I Knew You Were Trouble' video on MTV First: Taylor Swift on December 13 at 4:40 pm ET. I am excited. 
Just got in the car and z100NewYork is playing 'I Knew You Were Trouble' !! Yes!!!! 
thecivilwars My 1st thought upon hearing of our 2 Grammy noms for Safe amp; Sound was 'may the odds be ever in our favor' and I'm not sorry. 
Honored to also be nominated for 2 Grammys with thecivilwars for 'Safe and Sound' on thehungergames soundtrack. Unreal!  
After...... (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) 
Before...... 
I'll be co-hosting the Grammy Nominations Concert live from Nashville tonight! 10/9c on CBS. Headed to rehearsals now. Psyched. 
1027KIISfm Jingle Ball!!!  
Oooooh TheEllenShow is airing my performance of "Begin Again" tomorrow. (Friday) I'll be on the same million hour flight I'm on now!  
In the dressing room at the ARIA's. Loving Australia. 
Woah. The fans at the ARIAs came out in full force!! This is INSANE! 
So excited about performing on the ARIA's tonight! Never been before. Here's comes 'trouble'.... See what I did there? Sorry. I know. Sorry. 
Seeing this makes me so happy. 
Just tried reading a hotel shampoo bottle an arms length away from my face to check if I still need contacts-Turns out I do. Eventful night. 
Today my friend RichardWilkins made the astute observation that 'Meredith' contains 'Red'.  I was astounded. And the fans were amazing. 
Just got to my dressing room. TheTodayShow clearly understands me.  
Now we're off to Australia, where GrantMickelson will undoubtedly refer to koalas as 'panda bears' no matter how many times we correct him. 
Leaving Tokyo. I'll miss you guys. Thank you for your lovely hospitality and cat-related gifts. :) 
I'm thankful for friendships like this. 
Last night my band, crew, and I ate Japanese food and went around the table saying what we're thankful for. I could've gone on for an hour. 
Time to play my nightly game of "where are the light switches in this hotel room?" 
Landed in Japan a few hours ago- thank you to all the wonderful fans at the airport for your adorable gifts and adorable-ness in general :) 
Thank you so much for the AMA! You're unreal. I went straight from the awards to a night video shoot. Long day but so worth it. 
Getting ready for the AMAs! Maybe if you feel like it, you'll watch?  
Walked into my AMA dressing room and there was this little bowl of candy in there. Literally shrieked with excitement. Need to tone it down. 
Had a blast playing on  Also, Ddlovato's hair looks SO good tonight. 
I'll be on TheXFactorUSA tonight at 8 ET on FOX. So stoked. 
Such an insane night!!! You guys won me 3 EMAs! Best female, best live act, best look. Can't even begin to thank you enough. I love you!! 
Backstage MTVEMA.. My band and I are walking around in our costumes, taking hilarious pictures. Can't WAIT for this. 
Sooooo my Storytellers airs on VH1 tomorrow at 6 amp; 11 p.m. ET if you feel like watching me tell stories and then sing about them  
EMA rehearsals in Frankfurt!! Yay! (Blows nose. Sniffles. Then coughs. Blows nose again. Apologizes to everyone in vicinity.) 
= 
Hung out at NRJhitmusiconly with cauetofficiel today- so much fun! Merci!!  
The voting for the EMA's ends soon, so you can go here if you want. Or if you just feel bad for me cause I'm sick.  
Got a cold. I'm carrying around a box of tissues like it's my new favorite accessory, sneezing excessively, talking like a frog/old man. 
Got to help switch on the lights at Westfield tonight in London and lots of people showed up and we played a few songs and I had fun. :) 
Just walked the red carpet at the CMAs.. Who's gonna watch tonight? Cool thanks :) 
Miranda_Lambert just read your tweet-- thank you!!! That made me so happy. Can't wait to see you tonight! 
They just told me Red sold 1.2 million albums first week. How is this real life?! You are UNREAL. I love you so much. Thanks a million ;) 
We're performing on DancingABC tonight at 8 ET. With the s!  
Again With The Posture. Meredith laying around, being a cat. 
This is the stuff that comes with the cd if you get Red at Wal Mart. (Everything except the pumpkin bread I 
Some people have been asking about songs like 'Girl at Home'-At target, you get 6 extra songs. That's one of them. 
I'll be on katieshow tomorrow before my big announcement on abc2020 tomorrow night.  
I have some BIG news! I'll announce it tomorrow night on ABC2020 with katiecouric at 9pm ET...Watch? 
Shout out to the  who have been with me all week. Check out their tweets for updates because they rule. 
Headed to theViewTV! Performing and speaking with ladies and such. 
Starting the morning. Meredith is silently judging me. Lovingly, I hope. 
About to be on the Late Show with David Letterman on CBS!!! Watch??? K thanks 
CarlieStylezz: Guess who's a happy kitten?! Mama butler brought this to me!! Her!! Thanks for getting it!!!  
UANthenTMH: I literally cannot stop listening to Everything Has Changed, it's perfect Yayyyyyyyy!!!!!  
JessicaIpockk: Everything has changed   heyyyyy girl thanks for saying that. 
_SouthernBlonde: Time won't fly it's like I'm paralyzed by it, I'd like to be my old self again but I'm still trying to find it I  you. 
k_grzywacz: It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well. Love youuuuuu thanks for quoting 'All Too Well' :) 
PerezHilton YES!!!!!! 
I'll be live on theViewTV tomorrow on ABC! Early morning PARTY. 
Gonna be on the Late_Show tonight and I'm excited about it because David Letterman is cool. 
lenadunham, you made my day with that. I'm now going to sit in my dressing room reciting my fav girlsHBO quotes.. Which is all of them. 
Times Square! 
My GMA Times Square concert is finally happening -- tomorrow on ABC!! 
So..."Taylor Swift Week" starts tonight on ETonlinealert-- it's very nice of them of them to call it that. Excited. 
I still see it all in my head.. in burning  
Tomorrow we start to..... 
3 hours.  (!!!!!!!) 
So I'll be on GMA  7am ET and SiriusXM "The Highway"  2pm ET. Watch/listen please :) 
4 hours.  
5 hours.  
8 hours til  
Gearing up. 
10 hours. 
This is my last day of life before  Midnight. Tonight. 
2 DAYS UNTIL  I can't believe we're this close. 
This CMA promo uses my new song '22'!!!!!!! Eeeeee!! 
THREE DAYS TIL  
Four days!!! Thanks theellenshow!  
Tune in tonight at 9pm on HBO to see ETHEL - the beautiful film about an amazing oman--Ethel_Movie HBODocswww.ethelmovie.com. 
FIVE days til  
SIX days til  Six tiny little flowers. 
"State of Grace" comes out tonight on iTunes at midnight! yayyyyyyyy! 
Seven days until  seven band members' feet. 
So there's gonna be a new song preview from  on GMA tomorrow morning at 7am ET, available on iTunes Tuesday!! Called "State of Grace". 
This many days til  (EIGHT!!!!) 
Nine days until  . Nine vintage shoe forms. 
My publicist describing the fashion direction of this shoot to me: "It's supposed to be festive, but not 'Taylor Swift the Christmas elf" 
My dad's all "Can you try using these new guitar picks?" And I'm all "sure, I'm not picky." Then I'm all "Get it??? HAHAHAHAHA" 
So I'm going to be counting down now because its 10 DAYS until  
Thank you so much for the AMA nomination and for making I Knew You Were Trouble  on iTunes!!! That makes me so unbelievably happy. 
I Knew You Were Trouble comes out tonight at midnight. Ready to hear more about my romantic misadventures???? 
There's a preview of a brand new song from Red tomorrow morning on GMA.. It's called 'I Knew You Were Trouble.' And it's one of my favssss. 
That show was like "EEEEEEEEEEE!!!" BBCR1 Teen Awards. Wembley Arena. I'm in love with you, London.  
I feel like I'd be more understood if people knew 'I Don't Want to Miss a Thing' by Aerosmith is how most of my emotions sound in my head. 
My glitter nail polish says 'party' but my sweat pants/bun on top of head ensemble say 'room service and journaling my feelings'. 
I might be sleep walking. I'm definitely sleep walking. 
Waiting to start an interview. Eating candy. Watching MTV. 
Got up early to go see my lovely grimmers this morning. Photo madness ensued. 
Just got word that you guys gave me my best first day of downloads EVER with 'Red'. THANK YOU. Also, I'm in Fundon!  
This whole thing where 'Red' is  on iTunes makes me SO happy. I will now use this as an excuse to celebrate by eating more croissants. 
Thanks to the classy, funny, sweet CynthiaMcFadden for writing my Glamour article! Full interview airs on Nightline tonight on ABC. 
If you watch GMA this morning, you'll hear a new song from Red, and see a clip of my Nightline interview. PARTY. 
Shooting a music video in Paris today... (always wanted to say that!!) 
Doing interviews w/ a song stuck in my head="Focus. Answer the question. BABY YOU A SONG, YOU MAKE ME WANNA ROLL MY WINDOWS DOWN AND CRUISE" 
Just clipped my cat's claws all by myself. Didn't get mauled. Celebrate life's little victories. 
"Begin Again", a new song off of Red is out on iTunes!! Yay for early release songs!! 
How come no one told me that for 4 hours there was chocolate cake ALL over my face?!? Because you ate it alone, Taylor. You ate it alone. 
So... If you want to, you can hear a preview of my new song "Begin Again" from my new album  on GMA tomorrow morning! Excited. 
Chillin before I Heart Radio Festival tonight. 
I'm SO excited to be previewing clips of new songs from Red on Good Morning America starting Monday! GMA  
My name is _______, these are my chopsticks. And this restaurant is cool. 
justinbieber I've had that part of bf that goes 'spend a week wit your boy, I'll be callin you my girlfriend' stuck in my head for 9 hours. 
1) Hanson covered 'We Are Never Getting Back Together'. 2) I didn't just watch the video of it 8 times in a row. 3)  might be a lie 
Raining today. Missing Brazil. 
Just looked at the nominees- my buddy edsheeran is nominated for an EMA too! PARTY. Fans from everywhere can vote here 
I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I love you guys. I might hyperventilate. I'm so excited. Vote NOW at: 
Just found out about the 5 MTV Europe Awards nominations!! IS THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENING?? I seriously just paced around the room in disbelief. 
"The Wonderful Fans Outside My Hotel In Rio" 
I love Brazil. 
The welcome wagon. 
"Toronto. And guitars." 
TheRyanAdams. Just saw what you tweeted about my song last week and it's caused this constant perma-smile. You're the absolute coolest. 
In Saskatoon for the Canadian Country Music Awards. Drinking a pumpkin spice latte. Just realized 70 of my tweets are food or cat related. 
This is a beautiful thing and I love you so much. 
What a sweet and beautiful thing for you to do. 
I'm playing a new song 'Ronan' tonight on Stand Up For Cancer. It'll be on iTunes tonight with all my proceeds to cancer related charities. 
VMA dressing room report: exceptional snack selection. SCORE. 
Oh hey law and order criminal intent episode I just started watching, let's solve a crime together and then zzz's, then tomorrow, VMA'zzzz. 
Woke up to the wonderful news, 3 CMA nominations! Entertainer, female, and so excited to be nominated with thecivilwars for vocal event!! 
selenagomez, good luck at the Venice Film Festival!! So excited for you! 
VMA rehearsals every day this week, starting today! 
Times Square. MTV made my dreams come true and put my video on the big screen. 
Just ate like 7 of those mini milky way bars and am currently refusing to admit it's the same as eating a big one IT IS NOT THE SAME 
At MTV in NY-- about to go live with Sway for the premiere of the  music video!! Turn on the TV! 
Fun facts about the "We Are Never" music video: it's all in one take, shot with one camera, 5 costume changes, and woodland creatures. 
The new video premieres TOMORROW on MTV at 7:49 ET. I AM EXCITED SO I DECIDED ALL CAPS WOULD BE BEST. 
Was watching MTV last night and the commercial for the VMAs that I'm in came on and I was all "!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
MISS YOU BUDDY!!! edsheeran: taylorswift13 congrats on being a BAWSE 
I love you guys. This is the best week of all time. 
At a commercial shoot. And I realize, this is STILL happening?!?!?! 
YOUR LAUGH AT 0:31!! TheEllenShow: Remembering this moment with taylorswift13  
I want to play a concert at your school this fall! Vote for your high school or college once a day through 9/23 now at 
 on Billboard's Hot 100!!?! This has been the most amazing week. I can't believe how incredible you guys are. (Jumping up and down) 
Interviews and rehearsals and meetings, oh my. It's about to get interesting. :) 
PARTY. 
I want to thank you guys for giving me my biggest first week ever with "We are Never". I can't stop smiling. You guys are amazing!! 
GabrielleDoug, just read in People how you said you listen to my songs when you warm up-- that made my day!! 
It's been a beautiful first week for 'We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together'. If you want to make it even better.... 
It's on KIIS FM right now and I'm listening and FREAKING OUT!!!! 
THE FACT THAT THIS IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW?!?!?! 
PerezHilton thank you for letting me know, I'll tell my label! Thanks for wanting to buy it!!!! Freaking. Out. So. Excited. 
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" will be available  iTunes and Google Play sometime tonight! Keep checking back and I love you. 
"Oh Hi.." 
So this web chat on YouTube tonight at 7et/6 central? If you watch it, you might hear something new... 
New things coming... :) 
She's actually watching the Olympics. 
So blown away by FranklinMissy! I was so happy to see you win, girl :) 
CONGRATS Aly_Raisman and all of the fab five on your incredible win!!! 
So, this posture situation right now.. 
5 Teen Choice Awards?! I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy-- thank you so much for voting! 
Getting ready for the Teen Choice Awards! Watch tonight?? (8:00-10:00 PM ET live/PT tape-delayed) on FOX. 
"My NY Label's Decor" 
"Hours Of Time On The Telephone Line." 
Just had the honor of performing with James Taylor to a sold out crowd in MA. We sang Fire and Rain, Ours, and Love Story. Pics/videos soon! 
The video for 'Both of Us' is out! A lot of heart went into this one. Great work, bobatl -- see it at 
Went to get coffee today-opened my change purse. Sea shells fell out. Barista goes "Sorry, we only take cash or credit." So there's that. 
Hey!! Follow me on Viddy-- And make one yourself, it's way fun. 
jaysean thanks!!! Hope you're doing great! 
"Today." 
My favorite album right now. Go!! 
"Fetch." 
"Lego House." 
Alterations. 
It's been a wonderful week in the studio. I'm so excited about so much. 
Chinese food. Law and Order DVDs. Cat. Blanket. Couch. 
caitlinbird. 
Eye contact. Important. 
Evidently, it was 'face paint Wednesday' last night. ashavignone drew a unicorn on ClaireWinter's face. Impressed. 
My dressing room. 
I just love you guys a lot. 
Billboard Awards. So much dancing. Thank you ZooeyDeschanel and Kris Kristofferson for presenting me Woman of the Year. THISISFUN!!! 
4 Teen Choice nominations!? Thank you so much!! to vote, if you want to:) 
Eating cheeseburgers, scribbling on guitars, writing songs with edsheeran. :) 
:) 
Celebrating this Mother's Day, reflecting back on past matching velvet holiday ensembles. 
This thing where I go and get donuts every night at midnight is just a phase right? PS, I'm FINE. 
"Going back to Nashville, thinking about the whole thing. Guess you gotta run sometimes" 
GrantMickelson: RT KatyCatSwifty GrantMickelson Where's Taylor? - I don't know, probly riding a Unicorn somewhere.----gt; Correct. 
Meredith in various displays of bad posture. This is happening a lot lately. 
bobatl, LOOK!!!! 
Just bought bobatl's new album, including "Both of Us", the song we did. Do it!!!!!!!! (too many exclamation points? Sorry I'm not sorry) 
Happy birthday, grantmickelson!! I love you even more than you love Abe Lincoln. :) 
The most magical night at DiannaAgron's circus themed birthday party! 
I made salmon. dakotahrae made a scissor necklace. 
Made buckwheat crepes this morning (and by morning, I mean 1pm when I woke up) 
We dressed up full-time fancy and went out in celebration of Shirley MacLaine's birthday. DiannaAgron AshA 
Being the girl sitting alone in the cafe, taking a picture of her latte. If that's a thing. 
Sitting in my kitchen. Listening to music. Don't want to go to bed.Was in the studio tonight. Writing tomorrow. Should go to bed. Ok I will. 
I love it when it's the 13th. Clearly. 
Recording the next album. So happy. 
Oh what a night..... (thank you, thank you, thank you!!!) 
Just got to Vegas.. My luggage tag... 
Headed to Vegas for the ACMs! Feel like voting for Entertainer of the Year? 
On the way to the Kids Choice Awards! Never been. It's on tonight at 8/7c on NickelodeonTV. 
Just talked to Kevin McGuire. He's not well enough to join me at the ACMs. Please keep him in your thoughts. I'll make it up to you, Kevin! 
Well played, justinbieber. I was truly terrified. 
About to watch Punk'd. 
Easter-ness with clairecallaway and grantmickelson. 
Tonight is the premiere of Punk'd on MTV. 9 central. justinbieber got me good. It was masterful. And sort of traumatic. 
This just came in the mail. (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) 
PerezHilton Happy Birthday, friend!! Sending you love today. 
AshleyMGreene that was really nice!!! Thanks :) 
So the Academy of Country Music Awards are coming up. Entertainer of the Year is fan voted. I made a video. 
Woah! Eyes Open is  on iTunes! COOL!!! 
The Hunger Games soundtrack is out tomorrow (or tonight at midnight for you over-achievers). I've got 2 songs on that bad boy. 
Oh my God. Just got home. 
Tonight we ended a 13 month tour. It was a beautiful trip around the world and I wouldn't trade those memories for anything. Thanks guys. 
Celebrating St Patrick's Day the best way I know how. Donuts. 
New Zealand. I adore you. 
Thanks to the lovely fans who brought us these face shirts. We're wearing them. 
MELBOURNE NIGHT 2- YOU WERE SO LOUD, I HAD TO WRITE IT IN ALL CAPS. What a pleasure, getting to play for a crowd like that. 
Night 1 of 3 in Melbourne was wonderful! Now watching a movie, eating Thai food. Hotel room life. 
Night 1 in Sydney was earth-shatteringly loud. Can't wait for tonight's show! 
We ended up seeing Sydney by boat last night. Thanks paulsidoti for taking pictures! 
Both shows in Brisbane were magical and wildly dancy. And so completely worth the trip. 
Went to dinner with my dad for his birthday tonight! 
Adelaide Was amazing. But now I'm stuck in a car with my two back up singers who will NOT STOP CHOMPING ON CORN NUTS AND IT IS SO LOUD. 
About to go onstage in Adelaide, marveling at this fantastic gift from a fan... 
The Lorax is opening in the theaters today! It's also Dr. Seuss's birthday. Maybe go see it please? 
A perfect backstage evening, cutting my band mates' hair and getting ready to go play a show. Perth. I'm excited. 
First show in beautiful Perth = tonight! 
A by myself cupcake-making party! 
Hey so Zac and I are gonna be on TheEllenShow today talking about The Lorax-- and other incredibly random things. And singing. 
I'm gonna be on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, well, tonight. 
I spent all day at The Lorax premiere- that movie is filled with adorable-ness. So lucky to have gotten to be a part of it. 
WORLD PREMIERE of the new video for "Safe  Sound" feat the Civil Wars, from the Hunger Games soundtrack- tonight! MTV! 7:54 PM eastern! 
My two new friends!!!!!! I had so much fun tonight! 
Best Country Song and Best Country Solo Performance. I'm floating. 
About to start all these Grammy activities today! Watch tonight? CBS!! 8 Eastern/7 Central :) 
I just saw TheEllenShow's interview with ImKristenBell about the sloth! That was SO adorable/entertaining- I'm still laughing. 
So excited for Grammys on Sunday. So excited for the Safe and Sound video premiere Monday on MTV! 
Watching tv with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks. So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time. 
SO excited about the ACMAwards nominations! Yay! So wonderful. 
As I mentioned in Vogue, Sarah Jaxheimer went to middle school with me and had great hair. She's a lovely girl. Blog sites, calm down. 
Went to Sundance to see Rory Kennedy's documentary about her mother, Ethel_Movie. It was moving, hilarious, and beautiful. 
I AM SO EXCITED. www.Vogue.com 
Apparently my only way of dealing with a remote control that isn't working right is to bang it on the table and scream 'COME ON!' 
Thank you so much for my People's Choice Award! Favorite Country Artist! PARTY!!! Seriously- thank you for voting. 
Thanks for wishing me luck at the Peoples Choice Awards tonight! I'm not there, but I'll be watching on tv from Nashville! 
It would be SO cool to see Safe  Sound back in the Top 10 iTunesMusic. PS just finished Catching Fire. TheHungerGames. 
Saying goodbye to the shore, writing on a seashell. 
Nothing quite like a freezing cold, wintery beach. 
Childhood beach memories revisited. 
I'm also counting this as another beautiful Christmas gift.. Thank you for making 'Safe  Sound' the  song on i 
Wait wait wait.. I just noticed my page has 10 million followers now? That's crazy! What a lovely Christmas present!! 
 is trending!! 
And this is it, the big surprise... Go get it!  
(and I'm not referring to Christmas) 
Something I've been VERY excited about for a VERY long time is going to be happening VERY soon. 
I get sort of crafty when I wrap gifts. Like.. I had to stop when I found myself hot-gluing Christmas figurines o 
Me and Meredith on a Sunday afternoon. 
Best. Birthday. Ever. Thank you for all the birthday wishes. You made me feel really special today :) :) :) 
The 'Ours' video is out on iTunes!!!!! Go get it?? 
Studio/birthday/new album/red shoes. 
Took a break from the studio to visit the label, where they gave me this! 
I'm so 22 right now. 
CMT Artists of the Year premieres tomorrow, December 13th, at 9/8c.  Also on the schedule for tomorrow is me turning 22. 
Fancy. 
Headed to the Nashville Symphony Ball = Ball gown time!! 
Might have gone a little crazy in Williams Sonoma today. I couldn't help it, it's so seasonal in there. 
My song 'Enchanted' is in The Vow movie trailer! SO excited! 
Today was the Billboard Women in Music event in NYC. So cool. 
Turn on E! Watch the video premiere! 
The premiere of the Ours video is tonight at 7PM Eastern on E! Watch? 
Aw! The  team at Elizabeth Arden had this tree sent to my room in NYC! It's Christmas EVERYWHERE !!! 
Guess what!! E! News and E!Online will world premiere the brand new video for "Ours" tomorrow night at 7 ET.  
Got a haircut. 
3 GRAMMY NOMINATIONS !! :) :) :) 
Getting ready to head to the CMT Artist of the Year taping- blasting 'Keep You With Me' by hotchellerae. This song = pop melodic goodness. 
Winter = baking season. It's on. 
Christmas in a jar, with glitter. 
Home made snow globes with friends. The whole fleet! 
Christmas trees. :) 
Just watched like, every episode of New Girl. Love. 
Omg. 
And this... 
I'm thankful for memories like this. 
I have so much to be thankful for this year. I'm leaving New York, replaying this tour in my mind. I love you all so much. 
And the final guest on the Speak Now Tour... 
And our first special guest for tonight's show was... 
About to hit the stage at Madison Square Garden for our last show on the Speak Now World Tour. Wow. 
A  cake! 
The Rugby Store. So much Christmas in here! 
Times Square. 
I can't believe tonight is the last night of the Speak Now Tour. 
Last night, Madison Square Garden was lit up like a Christmas tree- And we got to play 'Iris' with Johnny Rzeznik from GooGooDolls! Crazy! 
Flowers. 
Out today!! 
I had one of the most magical nights with my friends tonight! Hopping on a redeye to play our last 2 shows at Madison Square Garden!! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! 
Standing backstage. So excited to have just won an AMA! I love you guys!AND it absolutely blew me away when Nicki thanked me in her speech! 
I heard the 60 minutes special is on now!! Watch it?! Cool thanks. 
Headed to the AMAs... 
Ooh! 60 Minutes is doing a profile on me tonight- 7pm Eastern on CBS. Watch it? 
I got really excited about Christmas and bought all the holiday flavored coffee creamers at the grocery store. 
Darius Rucker came out and sang with me tonight in South Carolina! such an amazing crowd! Hard to believe we only have 2 shows left.. 
Meow. 
I'll never forget when Bruce Springsteen played 'Dancing in the Dark' backstage at my show on my guitar, then sig 
A fantastic  costume at tonight's show in Raleigh! 
Katyperry I seriously love you. SO funny on Ellen! And those flashback shots in your new video = the prettiest. Ever. 
Can't believe we only have 5 shows left. 
Just posted a photo 
Meredith, basically just living the cat life. 
Miami was awesome! Thanks to all the fans who traveled from all over, and to official_flo for singing 'right round' with me! Insane night! 
The Jacksonville crowd last night was so crazy loud! Getting ready to go to sound check in Tampa. 
matracaberg your tweet made my day! You're so awesome. 
WHAT IS HAPPENING!! 
My thank you's. And my cat. Good night! 
I found fake Xmas trees backstage at the CMAs. 
Headed home feeling so grateful and happy and just... Thank you. To the fans who have made this year so wonderful, I just adore you. 
Ahhhjhhhhhffhkytf!!!!! YES!!!! Thank you!!! Flipping out backstage!!!!! 
Dress train... 
CMA dayyyyy! 
You guys are wonderful. 
13. 
Ours, Superman, and If This Was a Movie are finally on iTunes!! 
Our last stadium show of the tour- Houston, Texas!! Singing 'Just A Dream' with Nelly was a serious lifetime highlight. Fantastic night. 
Stage right. 
Stage left. 
Stadiums are pretty. Especially this one. 
Just landed in Houston! 
Cat lady. 
katyperry YES! And currently chasing her own tail. PS I miss you! 
Hanging out with my new roommate, Meredith. 
About to wrap day 2 of a new music video that I can't WAIT for you to see!! While we wait, shall we all vote for the AMA's? :) 
Pre show.. 
Hiii. Memphis. 
Lexington, Kentucky in the fall. 
Still smiling about singing 'sunny came home' with Shawn Colvin in Austin. Now headed to the Belk in Nashville for some Wonderstruckness. 
Just listened to Landon Austin's cover of Sparks Fly-- I really like it! 
My day off shirt. A gift from a super cool fan who knows that to me, relaxation = a shirt with a bunch of cats on 
About to play in Austin, Texas. 
Found this photo of my grandmother. So lovely. 
I just saw the top trending thing! COOL!! 
Speak Now came out one year ago today! I can't thank you all enough for how beautiful this year has been. I just love you all so much. 
perezhilton That was very nice of you to say that :) :) :) 
JimmyEatWorld!!! Thank you to Jim Adkins for rocking 'The Middle' with us in Phoenix!!! I'm such a huge fan, that was unbelievable. 
Phoenix! That crowd!!! And so awesome having Jon Foreman from Switchfoot come out and sing 'Meant to Live'!! So unreal. SO unreal. 
Hanging out with my dad- he walks in and says "Not to talk about stocks, but.." And then talks about stocks. 
What a loud crowd in San Diego! Loved it. Next up: 2 nights in Phoenix!! 
Gonna be on theEllenShow today! Watch? 
usherraymondIV she'll be so excited! ATL was best- especially when your sons came out onstage! Thanks again for showing up and killing it!! 
Awesome crowd tonight in OK City! Now I'm in bed watching kitten videos on YouTube. And also eating pretzels. Ok and also cookie dough. 
NYC are you ready to get  Dropping by GMA, Regis_and_Kelly then Macys Herald Sq at 4:30pm to celebrate the launch! 
Just landed in NY, thinking back on that beautiful Dallas crowd last week. 
www.AmericanMusicAwards.com = where to vote :) :) :) 
!!!!! Just got word of the American Music Awards noms! Artist of the year, fav country album, fav country female!! This day is so awesome!! 
Tonight was like a dream. That crowd.. The biggest indoor stadium in the world. And singing 'Airplanes' with B.O.B. !!!!! bobatl) 
Dear 55,000 people I'm about to play for.. This is how you look right now. DALLAS!!!!!!!!! 
Just landed in Dallas, driving to Cowboys Stadium. I cannot. Believe. We. Are. Playing. Here. Tonight. 
This made me so happy!! 
I never met Steve Jobs, but I always wanted to. What a tragic loss. I can't believe it. About to call my family and tell them I love them. 
Leaving Little Rock, headed to New Orleans. Writing a song on a moving bus. 
Singing 'Live Your Life' with TI tonight was unreal. LOUDEST screams from the crowd, 14,000 people, hands in the air- welcome back Tip!! 
Ahhh!!! Atlanta night 2: My backstage guests: T.I. Nelly and Young Jeezy!! tip Nelly_Mo officialTM103 
I got to say 'peace up, A-town down' in atlanta then UsherRaymondIV came out and sang 'Yeah!' with me. I'm thinking 'is this real life?' 
Playing a show in Atlanta tomorrow night, then another the next night! Very excited. Very up too late. I really want cereal right now. 
Wow. Denver was LOUD. Amazing crowd. I shall never forget playing 'Ours' live for the first time here tonight. Off to T-party! 
The right side: (PS I'M SO EXCITED) (and tweeting from under the stage) 
This crowd couldn't fit in one shot-- here's the left side: 
Getting ready to play a show in another lovely gigantic stadium in the crisp autumn Kansas City air. 
Listening to needtobreathe's new record in the car. Such great guys. Such great music. 
Things are always a little different when you come home from the road. Ex: my parents dog now sits like a rabbit. 
The new Coldplay song 'Paradise' is one of the coolest songs I've ever heard. It's like a mythical journey. 
Tonight in Tulsa, paulsidoti and amosjheller saw a guy in the crowd propose to his girlfriend during 'Enchanted'! Love!! 
Winding down from a loud show in Louisiana-- on my bus, eating candy out of a bowl like it's Halloween. 
Thank you Nashville for an unforgettable night. Thank you Tim McGraw, Kenny Chesney, and Andy Grammer for joining me onstage!That was crazy! 
Wonder if we'll have guest performers tomorrow night? :) 
Nashville, night one- what a beautiful crowd! And thank you to yelyahwilliams and Ronnie Dunn for coming out and singing/being awesome. 
Just watched the Jackie Kennedy Special-- beautiful. 
theellenshow came to my show in LA and the interview got serious. Seriously. 
I'm sending out a prayer to anyone who needs one today. 
Ten years ago I was in 5th grade, wondering why all the teachers were crying watching their classroom TVs. 
Highlight of my night: hearing the whole Vancouver crowd sing "She's So High" when Tal Bachman came out and sang with us tonight! 
The crowd tonight in Tacoma was gorgeous. And 20,000 strong. I can't stop smiling. 
What a crazy crowd in Portland last night- getting ready for the show tonight in Tacoma! 
Thanks to you guys and the CMA voters, we got 5 CMA NOMINATIONS THIS MORNING!!! I am flipping out!!! 
Both shows in San Jose were loud and awesome. Yay! Next stop = Sacramento! 
I did an interview with YouTube today and it was a lovely chat. 
The combination of the INSANE crowd tonight and NICKIMINAJ joining me onstage for "Superbass" =  
Backstage getting ready to play our 4th night at Staples Center-- this should be a fun night full of surprises ;) 
Another magical night at Staples in LA- Thanks to my buddies Ryan and Nash from HotChelleRae for coming out and singing "tonight tonight"!! 
I couldn't love LA crowds more. I can't believe how awesome tonight was. And thank you jason_mraz for singing "I'm Yours" with me!! 
You think you've heard LOUD screaming in your life.. Then justinbieber comes out and does a surprise song during your show. Woah. Unreal. 
Dear amazing LA crowd tonight, God only knows what I'd be without you. 
I can't wait to start the week of LA shows tomorrow night. Icantwaiticantwaiticantwait. 
We went to Charleston and I brought my camera. A photo blog. 
To my 26,000 friends who came to hang out with us in Edmonton, thank you for two beautiful shows. 
The Edmonton show was lovely tonight! Same time/place tomorrow? Cool. 
Drew this on caitlinbird's shoulder for our 2nd St Louis show. PS, this crowd sounds loud. Excited. 
About to go onstage in St Louis!! I love this city. And I love that it's the 13th. 
Record player: on. Tonight's soundtrack= 
ClaireCallaway2 I went through that phase too. Actually, I think I'm still in it. 
Shopping day with abiander. I bought a big hat. Now I'm listening to 60's music on the radio. Wearing my big hat. 
Joeylittleking is adorable and sweet. Check her out, spreading the word about voting for the VMAs.. :) (retweet to follow) 
The 'Sparks Fly' music video debuts today at 4:30 CDT on taylorswift.com. I hope you like it! 
I can hear the Chicago crowd screaming through the walls of my dressing room. Feeling VERY ready to play a show! 
So happy about the teen choice awards last night. Thanks to you guys, I now have 13 tca's total! Lucky number much? Thank you!! 
In the car headed to the Teen Choice Awards! 
Philly... You look pretty :) 
Philadelphia, we just flew over the stadium we're playing in tonight and we were all like.."Wow. That's a really big stadium." 
Wait, what?! The 'Mean' video got nominated for a VMA!! BEYOND excited. If you feel like voting...... MTV.com :) :) :) 
So stoked to play DC night two-- you ready? 
It was my first time seeing the Lincoln Memorial up close (missed the school trip in 8th grade cause I had a show) 
After the show, we went to see Abe!! Pretty magical. 
DC, night one. What a beautiful, ravishing, deafeningly loud crowd. I was taking in every minute tonight, memorizing it. 
Was watching SharkWeek and almost called abiander to talk about how scary sharks are then got this overwhelming fear that they can hear me. 
Just doing some pre-show sophisticated reading. Very serious material here. 
Hey Grand Rapids.. We just got here. THIS IS COOL. 
Seriously?! My day=made. RT brianmansfield Taylor Swift will receive the 2011 "Ultimate Choice" honor during Sunday's Teen Choice Awards. 
Great times, Jersey. See you again soon. 
So many beautiful memories from our 4 shows in Newark. Such sparkly, loud crowds! It's raining in NYC now. So pretty. 
I love you Norway. Oslo and the people there were so warm and welcoming to us.  
Dear Dad- Just uploaded my pictures. Thanks for making surprise cameos in 75 of them.  
perezhilton that was so sweet! I love you too! I hope you come out to show soon!! 
It's after midnight-- know what that means........ It's adorable, wonderful selenagomez's birthday!!! PARTY!! 
Then we had lunch/made friends with squirrels in Central Park. 
Today, GrantMickelson and I went to visit the dinos at the Museum of Natural History. 
Wandered around Central Park this afternoon- Now I'm getting ready to play for my friends in Newark!! 
Newark!!! What a crazy, off the hook, bouncy, loud, dancy crowd. I love you, Jersey crowds. Night 1 of 4! 
Can't wait to be in NYC for the week- 4 shows. See you tomorrow! 
My dad sent me this video and Liz, Cait, and I just sat there watching it like wow  
Toronto... You shouldn't have... :) 
Watching MuchMusic Video on Trial-- they just showed You Belong With Me. This show is hysterical. can't wait to play in Toronto tonight!! 
Just watched The Lincoln Lawyer in my hotel room- had no idea Trace Adkins was in it! Excellence!!! 
I'M NOT SICK ANYMORE!!! JUST PLAYED IN MONTREAL. AMAZING CROWD. I'M SO EXCITED, THIS IS MY FIRST (and only) ALL CAPS TWEET. 
You guys got me nominated for 6 TCA's!! Teenchoiceawards.com, if you want to vote :) I'm stoked to be back on tour tomorrow! Montreal!! 
Searching for my glasses, a task that would be so much easier if I only had my... glasses. 
The dairy queen commercial where Mary Lou Retton falls out of the piata is just so amazing.  
Yeah, there are all sorts of fun things to do while sick and on vocal rest. Like sitting here, popping bubble wrap by myself. 
Louisville, I so sorry to have to postpone this show to Oct 11. This is my first time having to do this. I'm so, so sorry. 
About to scamper onstage in Knoxville! 
caitlinbird is pacing back and forth in the dressing room, deeply distressed that she left her coloring book and crayons at home.Seriously. 
A Midsummer Night's Blog: 
The t-party hang after the show always provides for some very special gifts. 
Woah. 
Writing letters, giving haircuts, signing cd covers. Backstage activities. 
Heading over to get ready to play night 2!! 
Tonight I got to dance in the pouring rain with 52,000 people. I will NEVER forget it. 
In my dressing room getting ready to play Gillette Stadium tonight. I can't for the life of me believe that we're playing here tomorrow too. 
Someone just told me this show in Buffalo is our 13th show on the N American tour- check out my dressing room  
Pittsburgh, you made us feel like we have 52,000 new friends. I'm so happy and proud that my home state provided such an AMAZING crowd!! 
Can't wait to play another stadium tonight- Heinz Field in Pittsburgh, PA! Here's a pic from sound check. 
Just played the last night of CMA Music Fest (um,you guys were amazing!!). Then I went home and baked until 2:41 AM. 
To the 50,000 people who came to our show tonight at Ford Field, I'm going to be replaying tonight for a long time. You. Are so. Awesome. 
caitlinbird, being wonderfully weird, coloring in the dressing room. 
Can't wait to play the first stadium of our tour in Detroit tonight!! Ford Field! 
I was like 'I get to sing with Fergie in NYC?!' and then there was rain and lightning and they're like 'it's cancelled' and I was like :-( 
Ahhhh!!!! I'm jumping up and down in the dressing room, so stoked about the Video of the Year award!!! Thank you! Thank you! You guys...! 
- Hi from backstage in Milwaukee :) ... 
Getting ready to play tonight in Milwaukee :) 
The CMT Awards are tonight!! If you felt like voting for my video at CMT.com, I wouldn't try and stop you :) :) 
Journaling from Columbus--about to go onstage! 
Tonight these awesome girls gave me some of their light up fiberoptic hair clips. Light up hair??? What??! 
Just arrived in sunny Florida for our show tonight and there are palm trees everywhere and Story of Us is on the radio! Hi, Ft. Lauderdale! 
Woah Omaha. That first show was SO much fun and I can't wait to see you again tomorrow!! 
PS I'm STILL laughing from seeing Bridesmaids two days ago. 
My band and I were all sitting there watching in wonderment as needtobreathe sound checked today. Omaha, we play for you tomorrow! 
I'll be live with realsway today at 7:53 pm ET on MTV to premiere "The Story of Us" video! Tweet ?'s with  and I'll answer them:) 
Yay! Yay! Three Billboard awards! Yay!! 
At the Billboard Awards in Vegas! About to go find my seat. Got "Waking Up in Vegas" stuck in my head, katyperry. 
I had the absolute time of my life playing our new show in Nashville tonight. I can't even thank you guys enough. 
Make up, stretching, warming up, running around saying good luck to everyone.. Speak Now/Help Now. Nashville! I'm excited. 
It's the guy who played Chewbacca's birthday today so we made a cake. 
I'll be streaming 2 of the songs from the Speak Now/Help Now rehearsal performance worldwide- Saturday at 9pm central on taylorswift.com :) 
Standing on my new stage doing an interview for 60 Minutes next season- cannot believe this tour is about to start!!!! Eeee!!! 
I decided to open up our last tour rehearsal to the public! all ticket sales will go to tornado victims. Go to taylorswift.com for tickets! 
You guys got me nominated for the Billboard Fan Favorite Award!You can go to Billboard.com to, you know, vote for whoever your favorite is:) 
Backstage at theellenshow! She's the best. And has good dressing room snacks. So important. 
I love and miss you abiander! 
The 'mean' music video premieres on CMT in a half hour here in Nashville! 10pm eastern, 9pm central! 
Excited about tonight's tv line up! Gonna watch the debut of the Mean video at 10pm on CMT. Then iamstevenT and thecivilwars are on Leno! 
Friends marathon after a long day of rehearsals. This time tomorrow night, the 'Mean' video will be out!! 
"Ya gotta keep your head up OHHH, but you can let your down EHHH" andygrammer on the radio- Singing along on the way to rehearsal. Smiling! 
...And I got to tell Jimmy Fallon how awesome his 'Whip My Hair' sketch with Bruce Springsteen was. 
Headed back to Nashville after the MET Ball in NYC. Wondrous, magical, fantastic gowns EVERYWHERE. I had a really wonderful time. 
It's grantmickelson's birthday- Abraham Lincoln cardboard cutout: check. 
We're at rehearsals watching videos of the tornadoes in Tuscaloosa. Our love and hopes and thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected. 
The day selenagomez and I learned a valuable lesson from a pillow. 
Ahhhh!! Story of Us just came on the radio! I'm dancing around my apartment!! 
Me and grantmickelson are coloring. 
I finally got to see my brother and give him his birthday present-- this outfit I bought in Germany. 
Just saw the new video for Mean!!!!!! EEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! 
Day off from rehearsals- Spent it walking by the lake listening to LBTmusic "Kiss Goodbye". That song is as gorgeous as this sunny day. 
It's been quite a week- 2 video shoots (I srsly cannot WAIT for you to see them!) and rehearsals every day for the US tour. SO. EXCITED. 
Woah! Wait! Over 6,000,000 followers now?? Cool!!! PS I shot a new video today and I'm more excited than I can convey in 140 characters! 
Cooked dinner with yelyahwilliams ashmacthegreat and chaelynne (two of which have insanely red hair). Good times. 
Andddd.. now I'm watching videos of kittens falling asleep. 
In my hotel room youtubing adorable things--Now playing: that video of the 3 year old who wants to be the governor of New Jersey. 
I'll be on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno.. Well.. Tonight. And also, I love you. 
This is one of the best nights I've ever had. Thank you so much. 
- Hi from backstage at the ACMs. :) 
Getting ready to play 'Mean' for the first time on the ACMs! You can vote for me by texting 5 to 99888. 
My dress. :) 
In hair and make up, getting ready for this fancy award show! 
Just woke up and saw that TaylorSwiftACMs is trending! What a wonderful surprise this morning! :) 
I got mid day coffee to try and fight the post-Europe jet lag. Then I drew on the cup. 
My dad just sent me this picture from his high school reunion :) Loyalsock High, Class of '70. 
Wow. I'm still the same as I was in elementary school- the last to realize it's April Fools day. WAY confused until someone reminds me. 
Happy Birthday to smalltownmike, my mandolin, guitar, etc etc player! Hope the jet lag stays out of your way today. Love you dude!!! 
At an acoustic Dashboard Confessional concert! Where is abiander to relive our high school car ride sing-alongs? 
I have "Nashville" by David Mead stuck in my head. 
We are SCREAMING the lyrics to Dashboard Confessional songs in the van. A capella. "AND YOU KISSED! ME! LIKE! YOU! MEANT ITTTT" Good times. 
Liz: "Life is hard when you leave your stuff behind..." I reply with "and by 'stuff', you mean your half eaten bag of candy?" "Yeah.." 
I had a pretty awesome view tonight at the O2. 
Hey London, we're getting ready to see your beautiful faces. Last show of the European tour! IcantwaitIcantwaitIcantwait for show time!! 
ebertchicago thanks! And oh, it's ON!!! 
I can't believe we get to play at the O2 in London tonight! I'm so excited, I'm wearing my beloved panda sweater. 
Manchester, we'll always come back and see you. You guys are loud and mighty. I just love you. Thanks for hanging out with us tonight!! 
Getting ready to play in Manchester!! I drew you a picture with my make up. :) :) 
My friends and I saw the candyland-tastic katyperry concert last night in Dublin. Loved it!! On the way to the arena in Manchester now! 
The Dublin fans are so incredible! I can feel the love here-- I cant wait to play for you guys tonight! Tweeting from soundcheck at the O2. 
Liz took this of me texting everyone I know and telling them about it. 
We spent the day at a castle in Dublin today and paulsidoti proposed to his girlfriend ashleywhite25!! Love!!! 
Belfast, Ireland. What a dream come true to play for that crowd. We're all going on and on about it on the bus. My ears are still ringing!! 
Writing a song all afternoon in my hotel room. Dublin, Ireland. 
Tweeting from Abbey Road studios in London. Taking it all in today. 
About to go onstage in Birmingham-- we're back in the UK!!!!!! 
Andddd here's another picture of the haircut I just gave Liz. 
I am in LOVE with the crowd we just played for. Madrid, my heart is yours. 
And here's the end result.... 
Uh oh- elizabethhuett wanted bangs. Pre-show haircut! You ready Madrid? Walking to the stage now!! 
