text 
Noo-noo loves cleaning up Tubby Custard amp; chocolate  eggs. Who else has been enjoying some chocolate treats? 
 from Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa and Po!  
Crayons, pencils amp; pens! Add a splash of colour to this special  Teletubbies colouring sheet.  
Is Po your favourite Teletubby? Get your very own Teletubbies Jumping Po from Argos_Online 
Time for Tubby Custard! Lots of Messy Fun amp; laughter this morning with the Teletubbies at 7:25am on CBeebiesHQ 
Big hugs amp; laughter for our little Australian fans abckids Teletubbies every day at 7.15am 
Tubby Toast! Get your  with the Teletubbies at 7.25am weekdays on CBeebiesHQ 
EH-OH! Celebrate  with smiles, giggles, hugs and laughter! 
It's Noo-noo! Teletubbies toys amp; the Drive N Steer Noo Noo from Argos_Online 
BIG HUGS, cuddle up to the Teletubbies! Get your  soft toys from Argos_Online 
Eh-Oh! Happy  to all families celebrating, hope your day is filled with fun amp; BIG HUGS! 
Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa, Po! Make your own  clip with  
susankmann Not yet, we'll let everyone know as soon as they are available! :) 
Eh-Oh! Shhh ... it's Teletubbies nap time! Hope you've had lots of rest for  
Time for Teletubbies! Our little Australian fans can tune in abckids every day at 7.15am 
Fill your weekend with lots of  BIG HUGS amp; catch up on CBeebiesHQ BBCiPlayer 
Teletubbies Easter egg! Exclusive to asda stores, comes with a breakfast set: beaker, plate amp; Tubby Toast stamper! 
Teletubbies! Don't forget, you can meet them today EntertainerToys amp; HamleysToys 
Big hugs! Meet Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa amp; Po TODAY HamleysToys from 3:30pm 
Eh-Oh! You can meet the Teletubbies TODAY EntertainerToys from 12pm - Oooo! 
Get ready to dance! It's a musical mid-week episode of  at 7.25am on CBeebieshq 
Pretty flowers amp; Teletubbies BIG HUGS to all the families celebrating  today! 
Star in your own  video clip with  Make yours, here: 
Who's got that happy Teletubbies  Have a wonderful weekend filled with laughs, hugs amp; giggles! 
Eh-Oh! Hope there's lots of BIG HUGS at story time for your little one for  
Splish, splash! Po is having fun with a magical watering can at 7.25am, watch with your LO on CBeebieshq 
Laughs, giggles amp; making friends with the  at 7.25am on CBeebieshq or watch again on BBCiPlayer 
Start your weekend early! It's party time for the Teletubbies, watch at 7.25am on CBeebieshq Oooo! 
Tubby Custard! Tune in for Teletubbies, giggles, custard amp; fun today at 7.25am on CBeebieshq 
Tubby Toast! For  catch up with the Teletubbies on CBeebieshq BBCiPlayer 
_Aims__ Following you now, so that you can DM. :) 
_Aims__ So sorry to hear this. Please can you send us a direct message amp; we'll do our best to help. 
RocketAndBee We're so sorry to hear this, please may you send us a direct message? 
Time for Teletubbies! Upload photos amp; turn yourself into Teletubby! Try it here: 
Have some colourful fun this weekend with your LO amp; our Teletubbies BIG HUGS colouring sheet 
chrismoreira7 FamilyJr_TV no Teletubbies toys in the shops in Canada just yet. We'll let you know as soon as we have details. :) 
Colouring pencils at the ready, this  colour in sheet comes with BIG HUGS! 
Give your LO a BIG HUG with the Tickle amp; Giggle Laa-Laa from Argos_Online 
Teletubbies love big hugs. Add your LOs cuddliest pics or clips to CBeebieshq website 
Happy  Teletubbies are sending lots of love and BIG HUGS from Teletubbyland! 
 The  came out to play!        
Give your little one a BIG HUG from Tickle amp; Giggle Laa-Laa amp; Po from Argos_Online 
Who will be Po? Upload photos and turn yourself and friends into  Try it here: 
Eh-Oh! It's a Tubby Toast pancake for  - are you making pancakes today? 
Tinky Winky or Po? We're making  pancakes for  
Time for Teletubbies! Today the Dup Dup delivers toys to the Teletubbies, watch at 7.25am on CBeebiesHQ 
Tubby bye-bye!  fun doesn't stop at the weekend, watch episodes on BBCiPlayer 
Teletubbies! Upload photos and turn yourself and friends into Teletubbies! Try it here: 
Eh-Oh! It's our NEW  unboxed! Pick up yours from Argos_Online 
A  treat for our little Australian fans. Learn amp; explore the NEW series abckids every day at 7.15am! 
You can be a Teletubby in your own  video with  Make yours, here: 
Tubby toast, Tubby toast!  fun on CBeebiesHQ at 7.25am. 
Teletubbies come to play! Bright amp; colourful  toyfair2016 CharacterToysUK 
Say 'Eh-Oh' to the  with the Tubby Phone from SmythsToysUK 
Time for  toyfair2016 CharacterToysUK 
nicola_louise14 sorry to hear that. You can contact CharacterToysUK on ustomerservicecharacter 
Today the  say eh-oh to their reflections. Will you be watching with your LO on CBeebiesHQ at 7.25am? 
It's our  Jumping Po from Very_Toys  
Tubby Custard Ride amp; Superdome Playset! Two of the toys in the new  toys collection - in UK shops now! 
Our NEW  unboxed! Does your little one have a favourite? Pick up yours from Argos_Online 
Have you seen the Drive N Steer Noo Noo? From Littlewoods_Toy Very_Toys SmythsToysUK Argos_Online toysrusuk 
Time for Teletubbies BIG HUGS!  
BIG HUGS for  amp; check out our huggable  Argos_Online 
Eh-Oh! Happy  - hope your day is filled with lots of Teletubby BIG HUGS! 
It's almost time for the UKMumstv  Twitter Frenzy! Join in at 1pm to win lots of prizes! 
Join in UKMumstv Teletubbies Twitter Takeover tomorrow amp; win lots of  from 1pm GMT! 
Win  worth 100 with UKMumstv 
Have you spotted the  in the Argos_Online catalogue? 
Have you seen the NEW  toys? Take a look at the new range from CharacterToysUK 
Tubby Custard Ride amp; Superdome Playset! Two of the toys in the new  toys collection - in UK shops now! 
Eh-oh! It's the  Soft Toys - available in UK stores from 16/01/2016! Which Teletubby do you want? 
Teletubbies toys! Coming to Argos_Online store near you - very soon! Who's excited? 
Eh-Oh! Little  Canadian fans can watch the brand NEW series, TODAY on FamilyJr_TV at 8:00am ET! 
Time for Teletubbies! Join Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa amp; Po on FamilyJr_TV Saturday January 9th at 8:00am ET. 
Over the hills and far away, Teletubbies come to play ... Coming soon to a UK store near you! 
Eh-Oh! Happy New Year to all our  fans and families. Hope your year is filled with lots of BIG HUGS! 
Its nearly  Weve made  cookies, it's fun to celebrate the holidays with special treats! 
One week to go until the NEW  series launches on abckids in Australia! Watch from Monday 4th January. 
How many Candy Canes can you find in Teletubbyland? We want to know! 
The  are very excited, as it's almost  Have you placed all your presents under the tree? 
Help the  find the hidden candy canes! How many can your little ones spot? 
Print amp; pop some   gift tags on your presents! 
Don't forget to decorate your  tree with the  festive baubles! 
Only 6 days left until Christmas - make sure you have your  paper chains up! 
Don't miss today's  special presentation on FamilyJr_TV at 9.15am EST. 
Turn you amp; your friends into your favourite Teletubbies with  
Eh-Oh!  special presentation on FamilyJr_TV Saturday, December 19th at 9.15am EST. 
What's your favourite  Tummy Tale? Tune into the new series weekdays on CBeebiesHQ at 7.25am! 
Want to make your  look super special? Decorate it with these Teletubbies baubles! 
Add some Teletubbies festive fun with these Xmas paper chains! Have fun decorating with your little ones. 
Want to watch your favourite  episode 'again-again'? Catch-up any time on BBCiPlayer! 
Turn you amp; your friends into Teletubbies w/  Which Teletubby are you going to be? 
Want to look around the  Home Dome? You can with Noo-Noo on CBeebiesHQ: 
Add some Teletubby love to your  presents with our  gift tags! 
Happy Hanukkah to all of our  fans and families who are celebrating today! 
Have fun starring in your own Teletubbies video with  
Colour and send your friends this  greeting card! You can send as many as you like! 
Make a colourful picture this  with the  on CBeebiesHQ! 
Happy  to all our  fans and families! 
Turn you amp; your friends into Teletubbies with  Dont forget to share your videos! 
Sing and dance along with the  theme song! You can find it on CBeebiesHQ - 
BIG HUG! Celebrate  with some  big hugs! 
Turn yourself into your favourite Teletubby with  
Did you see the Teletubbies dance on CBeebiesHQ? Make sure to tune in amp; watch on weekdays at 7.25am! 
Choose a puzzle amp; piece together your fav Teletubby w/ CBeebiesHQ Teletubbies Jigsaw game! 
Become a Teletubby with TeletubME! Upload photos of you amp; your friends to star in a video: 
Love amp; care has gone into making the new series! Read about it on HuffingtonPost! DHXMedia 
jenmatthews911 A great place to visit, it's kewgardens! 
Did you see the ALL NEW TELETUBBIES on CBeebiesHQ this morning? Watch again on BBCiPlayer 
Turn yourself into your favourite Teletubby with TeletubME: 
Turn you amp; your friends into  with TeletubMe! Don't forget to share your videos! 
There's going to be lots of  BIG hugs this morning on GMB this morning with RichardAArnold 
See what happened at our Teletubbies World Premiere w/ guests Fearnecotton ferrifrump amp; JBGill!  
Check out the Teletubbies  on bbcstrictly! You can dance along at home too! 
Happy  Check out these spook-tacular  
Let's get colouring-in Po! Have you printed all the   sheets? Whats been your favourite! 
The  show off their dance moves bbcstrictly amp;  Dont their outfits look great! 
Who loves little  RT if you do! 
Check out our   pumpkin! Tag us in your pumpkin photos to feature in our Facebook album! 
The beautiful Sun Babies here to celebrate the Teletubbies re-launch!  
Look who's come out to play, it's Noo-Noo!  
 star VasJMorgan has joined us at the Premiere, how exciting!  
"I'm a big Po fan, cuddly amp; cute!" - the_karenhardy  
The lovely Fearnecotton having fun with the Teletubbies on the Green Carpet.  
"As a parent you need to enjoy what your children watch amp; I love the Teletubbies" gracewoodward  
"My favourite is Tinky Winky. I appreciate someone who carries a nice handbag!" - vanessafeltz  
"The first premiere that the whole family has been to, we're really looking forward to it!" JBGill  
"My little girl loves the Teletubbies, she's obsessed with them!" - Jasmineharman  
"It's very exciting being at the premiere, especially as I'm expecting a new baby!" Imogen_Thomas  
"My kids watched the Teletubbies amp; now my grandchildren do!" - ferrifrump  
We're on the green carpet w/ catsandiontv ready to welcome our guest to the Teletubbies premiere!  
Want something fun to do this weekend? Print this  activity sheet and get  
Crayons at the ready! You can now colour-in  with this fantastic  sheet! 
Today it's all about  RT if she's your favourite  
Playtime! Print off this  colouring sheet for a fun afternoon of  
Do you love colouring? Have a go at this   sheet! 
Everyone say  to  
Have fun with the   sheet this weekend, using all your favourite colours! 
Grab your pencils, we have a   sheet for you to print amp; get creative with! 
Look who it is from the  it's  
The  say happy  Share big hugs and kindness to make someone smile :) 
Exciting news! The  have been named as a shining example of creativity in the GREATBritain campaign! 
The  made an exciting appearance at the French Pavilion for the  -  to a brand new series! 
Tinky Winky. Dipsy, Laa-Laa amp; Po payed a special visit to the Italian Pavilion at  to launch the new series 
The  visited the Holland Pavilion at the World  to re-launch our new TV series! 
Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa-Laa amp; Po said  to the American Pavilion at  celebrating  relaunch! 
Eh-oh new  All grown-up Jess passes her sun role to baby Berry for the  relaunch! 
Did you spot yesterday's exciting news? Say  to the  returning to your TV soon with a NEW series! 
 will be returning to UK screens later this year on CBeebiesHQ 
Say  to the  returning to your TV soon with a BRAND NEW series! 
 Stay tuned for an important announcement from  tomorrow! 
Eh-Oh! Blast from the past! RT Jay_cobeeee: TELETUBBIES Hahahahaha my childhood movie yo!   
Uh-oh! RT debcvar:  You know it's time to clean out the coat closet when... 
Laa-Laa loves a big hug! RT FatsV_01: Wen Hana finds LALA thru all the   
Laa-Laa is a great cuddle buddy! RT samanthaquesne2: Cuddle buddy since birth!    
LMFearon Ooh - what's happening there? 
This looks tasty! RT _thevintagecafe: Teletubbies Cake      
A big hug to our new friends EgmontUK! Fancy some Tubby Custard? 
Big Hug! RT ilaria_lombardo: Guardo i teletubbies e potrei fare gli incubi stanotte. Inquietanti.  
HOW many Teletubbies? RT jerkihlgren: Pltsligt har man ftt  p bakgrden i  Tydligen  
All You Need Is  RT purewhite96: I will always love TeletubbiesHQ  
davethompsonha Can it be?! :) 
How sweet! RT susankmann: Aww baby girl thinks the creepy baby in the sun in  is her. She says her name when she sees it. 
Krys8213 Aww, we're glad she likes it! From the profile it looks like she's a little Laa-Laa fan! 
Who's hungry? RT tomashworth05: TeletubbiesHQ tubby custard tubby custard! 
LoveLeaLea Laa-Laa looks delicious! Hope your little girl had a lovely birthday :) 
Happy Halloween everyone! Who's got an awesome  costume for trick or treating in? 
Sooner than you think... RT pinkrangermom: netflix please add more  episodes my 19 month old baby boy loves them so much!!! 
Big hug to everyone celebrating  today! 
This makes us hungry!  RT kmhz1331:     
Eh-oh! It's  Now, who has dressed up as one of us for Halloween before? We want to see the evidence!   
THiLouca Such a cute photo! Big hug! 
iamMaria91 Well, our episodes are on YouTube and Netflix, if you wanted to relive the magic! ;) 
kmhz1331 This tweet makes us very hungry! 
Well, Dipsy has been busy learning new skills! MT Julie_Carcamo: this time I didnt fail  
Eh-Oh! It's  - and you've sent in some great photos that we'll be retweeting! 
Eh-oh! RT eventology101: My babies are here!I'm very very happy.Goodnight world! Eh-Oh :)  
clarecat03 What a fab costume! :) 
We're very glad to hear this! RT stasiaclaire: OH HELL YES  on  New morning show that my brain can handle  
TheMikeyDrukks Eh-Oh indeed! Big Hug! :) 
dkulshitsky Dr_Black drlucyrogers Thank you for the reminder - we are following now! Big hug! 
Dr_Black Big hug! :D 
michfizzyfeet Might not work as well now, unfortunately! Although you never know... ;) 
1976stj Very cute! 
HannahG06702166 We can tell you... Yes, yes it is! Big hug! 
yleniuccia89 Looking good! :) 
AnthonyCMalecki There's always time for some  :) 
moany_mum Oh no! But the dancing bear only wanted to have a little dance. :) And Laa-Laa is very popular, it seems! 
notSupermum Ah, that's lovely to hear! :) 
MissBLT PhoebeWoods96 Big hug to both of you! 
JohnGessner Time flies when you're having fun! :D 
kingsofdread Oh that's adorable! Glad that your daughter loves Dipsy as much as you did :) 
CeilidhKids Wow, that's quite a haul! Dipsy will be delighted. :) 
Natchenard That's brilliant! :) 
 Who here still owns your Teletubbies toys from the first time round? We want to know about them! 
manaiasmama3 Glad you are happy about our return! 
PrimulaBond Eh-Oh! *waves* 
TheCommentator We cant help you with the whereabouts of the LibDems, but we can offer you some Tubby Custard? 
Missing your  fix? We can help: our flamenco dancing episode is on YouTube! Ole! 
The_Official_TW MattNotCaroline You have good taste, Tamsin! 
SLWhiston RCWhiston Yay! Tubby Custard! 
Giffendulum We'll see what we can do... 
l1lly_c Laa-Laa is giggling away at this tweet! :) 
sofiamaytel We're really glad to hear that! Big hug! :) 
chivelicious You should feel brilliant! Big hug! 
4babs123 Ah, we can't wait to entertain a whole new generation of youngsters! :) 
Friday lunch? RT if you're hungry for some  
ClareJohnson76 Eh-Oh! Or should that be... uh-oh? This is very exciting indeed! 
2imoverfans Of course - and a big hug to Ryan! :) 
girllostincity To get ready for the new series, of course! 
If you've got a  photo featuring  make sure to tag us! 
davolo7 Is that a Teletubbies cake we spy? 
GlasgowXmas Big hug to you, too! 
Hamstall What suits would they be, then? :) 
It's  tomorrow! Do you have any old photos of you featuring your  Share them with us! 
It seems we have a celebrity fan in TeamCoco - hopefully he said nice things about us... 
HarrietRGreen This makes us rather sad... 
Eh-Oh! Guess who's joined Twitter...  
