text 
bradplumer new cloud atlas, literally 
Donald Trump just pledged to give up his Twitter handle realDonaldTrump if elected bc its "not presidential" 
Number of foreign fighters entering Iraq and Syria drops by 90 percent, Pentagon says 
Get ready to hear this line over and over and over.... 
mollyesque I have felt like a very old person since I was 23. One day, God willing, it will be true. 
Nothing this election cycle has made me feel older than learning about new music via presidential campaign ads. 
From first lady...to first lady major-party nominee (I mean, realistically). ALSO: her message is so much sharper than before Sanders. 
There's an election night joke in here somewhere 
Watch OKnox hosting our election night video discussion and experience the repartee his officemates so enjoy 
Rhode Island and Delaware called for TRUMP. 5 for 5. 
Judge extends voting hours at 4 Baltimore sites after complaint from Rep. Donna Edwards 
Despite AP call, there are "4 Baltimore precincts that were ordered to remain open for 1 hour past the statewide poll close time of 8 pm" 
DanielLarison Ahem. 
Chernobyl Evacuation Zone pics look exactly like illustrations from fairy tales 
Hey Amtrak AmtrakNEC you guys getting in on this Acela Primary action? 
Trumps campaign chief ducks questions about overseas business ties via YahooNews 
"Nation Asks If This Is The Line For The Acela Primary And Wonders Whether It Has Time To Grab Pret A Manger" -- HuffPostHill, killing it 
Also seems to indicate a deeply experienced VP gt; a fresh face 
michaelroston Or your hair. 
joxfeld dankois It's what the kids do today instead of smoking cigarettes. 
michaelroston I prefer to think of it as artisanal handcrafted small-batch CMS 
How do people have time to live such complicated lives // Naval Acad. teacher removed amid sexual misconduct scandal 
A 1000 times yes. Distinctive media for discrete audiences, the new old school. 
ReutersZengerle nycjim PA/DE/MD are for media elites the train equivalent of fly-over country. 
ChuckLane1 mckaycoppins What is the opposite of no-drama? 
The big Q: After Tuesday, will Bernie Sanders tone pave way for concession? via YahooNews 
By not writing abt the same thing as everyone else petulad has become one of the most interesting voices at WaPo 
roseveleth David_Dobbs The fact that it said "senior male leaders" suggests this was intentional, perhaps to get a different take 
Transgender rights: Where 2016 candidates stand on bathroom bills via YahooNews 
Yes! Congrats to nicco amp; good call ShorensteinCtr // Nicco Mele Named as New Director of the Shorenstein Center at Harvard Kennedy School 
How is this legal? // How police took $53,000 from a Christian band, an orphanage and a church 
San Francisco Torn as Some See Street Behavior Worsen 
Congratulations to them both. // Finding Love Again, This Time With a Man 
joshgreenman Yes, actually. Some are better for pies. 
Sometimes if feels like NY is the best place in the world to get old in 
Spotted in DC, via CattellEsquire + Bruce Gottlieb 
What is AJ+ and why are their videos so clickable. 
h/t raju New Yorkers are the best. 
About 200,000 convicted felons in Virginia will now have the right to vote in November 
andersoncooper It's still up. 
The end is coming: A top Sanders adviser hints at a quiet finish 
Can't stop listening to this epic, 13-minute version of Purple Rain, as it was first performed by Prince in 1983. 
Ex-CIA officer faces extradition from Portugal to Italy for alleged role in clerics rendition 
Prince recorded the great majority of his music entirely on his own, playing every instrument+singing every line 
Clinton campaign suggests possibility of an all-female ticket via YahooNews 
"The reality of it is the 1 percent of readers pays for the other 99 percent of journalism that is out there" 
nikkirap You too! Such a lovely dinner. 
Women who made history in fabulous hats. And bonnets. 
Should be a national movement to eliminate this 
Washington Post reader poll 
Love this image making the rounds. She's buried in Rochester NY. 
So many kinds of wrong 
ClaraJeffery cc Autumnsan1 
AmyArgetsinger Raise your hand if you think you could draw more than 10,000 voters in Manhattan. 
Only about 10,000 Trump voters in Manhattan! 
Criminal charges today in Flint water crisis via freep 
CapehartJ In a city of 8.4 million, easy to draw a big crowd -- and get noticed by an even bigger one. 
petersuderman Manhattan 
Resolved: DC is the Brooklyn of the mid-Atlantic. 
matunos Everything she's said so far will be brought up then too. 
That Hillary is running so hard on guns may be bc of Sanders but it's also a v. post-triangulation move. From 3rd rail to moral cause. 
New York primary has the best soundtrack 
New Yorkers are decisive people 
R side: 189,164 votes, 37 reporting D side: 755,424 votes, 37 reporting  
Wild if Staten Island turns out to be Sanders' best borough. 
Some writers hate doing it as much as listening to recordings of their own voices or watching selves on TV. 
NY is Trump country, apparently 
smh people who internet for a living who don't understand block quotes 
kenvogel swheaton katiezez I like that. 
swheaton katiezez Office park somewhere off the turnpike? 
swheaton katiezez Wow, what would a fair comparison be? 
swheaton More like Jersey City or Hoboken. 
Re: Trump  
gracels Ha! Good sleuthing. 
gracels Also Tabasco is right across the Gulf of Mexico from Louisiana. 
gracels And yet oddly tastes like a sauce style prevalent in the area of Tabasco, Mexico 
American's love affair with Tabasco sauce stretches back to President Grant 
Also, it has a Southern Mexican flavor profile, sharp amp; vinegary. Widespread in Chiapas near the state of Tabasco. 
Germany rules fathers cannot be forced to take paternity tests via YahooNews 
Here's What Hot Sauce Hillary Clinton Keeps in Her Bag: 
Republican Consultant Cheri Jacobus Files Libel Suit Against Donald Trump via NYTPolitics 
ESPNs The Undefeated to Launch May 17 - ESPN MediaZone 
Word. 
Dual use technology 
D.C. mayors ambitious plan for homeless families at risk of collapse 
DC ladies also wld have some epic current tales // 14 Women on Sexual Harassment Since Anita Hill via TheCut 
Cannot believe how much detail work went into this video   
Deeply proud to have a 2013 article I wrote get woven into the new Caps fan rap: (my piece: 
What a client list for Trump to be joining. 
Top Trump aide lobbied for Pakistani spy front via YahooNews 
agolis But it's business that sets the terms of comparison. Online, apples compete against oranges bc that world is flat. To mix my cliches 
agolis Agree on all of this. The problem is that entertainment cos get put in the same competitive set as news ones online. 
This pic is everything 
This kind of funky 
BKcolin YahooNews Welcome! 
matunos good to know! 
I hope this new putting women on money thing works out better than the last 2 times. 
hunterw finally! 
Dyson Airblades have the potential to spread 1,300 times more germs than paper towels 
mattyglesias Or as my classics major friends used to call it, a little nescio quid. 
Study: Hillary Clinton, not Donald Trump, gets the most negative media coverage via voxdotcom 
mattyglesias Where? 
thomasjpr Apparently it is more common in the UK 
Wait, what? 
Not llamas but still animals from the Americas on the loose  
Has Bernie released his tax returns yet? 
Spotted in NYC, near Penn Station. 
Present actually better than idolized past but pockets of disruption have shifted location 
Compared to a monopoly, a newspaper facing 2 competitors will on average exhibit only 50 as much overall bias 
Short answer: no. // The Capitol may be ready for a terrorist attack. But is your favorite bar? 
Reminds me of all those studies that show women get hired on records, men on potential 
Bernie Sanders' wiggly finger. 
"the Wall Street of Burlington" 
Clinton: "Nobody stood up to Assad and removed him" = chaos in Syria   
Clinton calling out "white people" during a debate -- one more example of how it really isn't 1992 anymore. 
RickHertzberg You too, Rick? 
Clinton's new technique is to just talk over Sanders so he can't get his accusation out.   
timothypmurphy At this rate fully expecting the Sanderses to file an extension this year 
I am loving all the follow up questions at this debate. 
Bernie just admitted he doesn't read past the headlines.  
Clinton wearing a CLASSIC uptown NYC outfit.  
Maggie Gyllenhaal is in the debate crowd.   
NewsmanSilva I think Clinton has actually answered that one! 
The best questions coming from alexburnsNYT 
CNN reminding us it has been 5 weeks since we had a Democratic debate. Feels like just yesterday. 
Signs of the times. 
NYPD has an arrest warning recording playing on a loop outside NY anti-Trump protest announcing anyone obstructing street may be arrested. 
Anti Trump protestor into a bullhorn in NY: "We do not accept your whitewashed culture. We are free" 
Fight for 15 activists arriving at midtown NY site where anti Trump protest is happening 
"Wages are too high" 
New Trump campaign T shirt: New York Values 
Trumps Twitter Followed by Millions of Inactive or Fake Accounts 
What a nightmare of a story. 26-year-old woman died alone in jail after detoxing as 7 days of pleas for help ignored 
Bernie Sanders surrogate says his corporate whore comment was taken out of context via YahooNews 
Between April 18-21 a delegation from the US Presidents Committee on the Arts amp; the Humanities will visit Cuba 
Massive anti-Trump protest planned in New York City Thursday evening via YahooNews 
Campaign rhetoric inspires chaos, anxiety in classrooms around the country via YahooNews 
Amtrak I told the ticket-taker -- don't know how to reach conductor. Last time this happened it meant an open electrical box on exterior. 
Amtrak Train 2160 to NYC doors between cars stuck open. 
Cruz likely to block Trump on a second ballot at the GOP convention 
Wow. FBI paid professional hackers one-time fee to crack San Bernardino iPhone 
Go jazz commenters. 
New media "engagement" fostering a hostile work environment for female+minority writers 
bennyjohnson You have that jacket, right? 
Roger Federer, $731,000; Serena Williams, $495,000: The Pay Gap in Tennis 
19 times - including today! - Paul Ryan has said he isn't running for president 
Some Democrats accuse Sanders supporters of harassing convention delegates 
This white nationalist who shoved a Trump protester may be the next David Duke 
So things are moving fast. // Where to Stay in Cuba for the Chanel Show via TandCmag 
Rhodes also speaks of hopes for future from "all of who have fallen in love with Cuba" 
Ben Rhodes at screening of Hemingway movie Papa re: Cuban embargo end "I think it's going to happen very soon...sooner than you might think" 
The Washington Post plans to write the book on Donald Trump via HuffPostMedia 
Twitter executive live-tweets and live-streams SWAT standoff outside his L.A. home via YahooNews 
kmakazigrdcrew Anime movie 
Thousands of radioactive boars are overrunning farmland in Fukushima 
Sarahlellison Not for bank-bencher members of Congress. But at the presidential/Speaker level, yes. 
Sarahlellison thinkprogress '90s politicians came of age in old DC order in which private life was off limits....aka men did whatever. 
Other research shows health insurance impacts finances bc duh. It's a backdoor strategy keep folks out of bankruptcy 
Trump Foundation got $500K from NBC, which he used for image on NBC show 
One of Trump's claimed contributions to charity was not building on a golf driving range. 
Feds say there were 5 Hastert victims, offer other stunning details 
AP-GfK: 55 have negative opinion of Clinton, 69 have negative opinion of Trump: 
JoshuaGreen Talk about the establishment! 
jameshohmann Which is, today, also much more liberal than the TNR of the '90s. 
Uh-oh, some publishers see a drop in Facebook traffic via digiday 
Best of all she is named Hilde. // 9-year-old reporter breaks crime news, posts videos, fires back at critics 
GE CEO: Bernie Sanders says were destroying the moral fabric of America. Hes wrong. 
terabithia4 My comment was more about that this is a trend at all... 
What is this, the '70s? // Police in District, area counties announce dirt bike crackdown 
Matzoh is baked by elves? 
New York-Vermont trash talk is the best trash talk 
Stress eating, the 2016 story 
Richard_Florida and a culture of eating lunch at your desk 
WASHINGTON (AP)  AP-GfK Poll: 69 percent of Americans have unfavorable impression of GOP front-runner Donald Trump 
Assignment desk: Why some of the best new fast casual concepts in food are coming out of the DC area. SweetGreen, Cava etc. 
Reading rtraister on Clinton amp; Tracy Flick=time to re-up my 2012 piece: Why Washington Needs More Tracy Flicks 
joshtpm I think it's a reference to that old piece of his covered by MotherJones 
The Sanders Campaigns Sexist New Argument: Hillary Tries Too Hard via TheCut 
Neil_Irwin jbarro Just ask for the beet salad. I still order a medium at Starbucks and it's fine. 
Punishing the women territory // Sentencing of N. Ireland woman for aborting her pregnancy revives old+bitter debate 
tommer 
ZekeJMiller I don't know that either! Please share. 
Trumps weak delegate operation could derail his nomination via msnbc 
"What do you mean, How do you ride the subway these days?'" Sanders said. "You get a token and you get on." 
annesaurus Too late for that -- state rules etc 
Sanders saying Clinton isn't qualified to be pres=effectively pulling out of pact Ds have to support their nominee. How can he back her now? 
Sanders: Clinton is not 'qualified' to be president CNNPolitics 
Ned Stark? 
NoahGrayCNN Metaphor in there somewhere 
LOLgt;gt;gt;Via NPR: Plan For Antonin Scalia School Of Law Is Tweaked Over Unfortunate Acronym 
'Glamour' called Amy Schumer plus-size and she's not pleased via usatoday 
Marine Corps dog who lost leg in Afghanistan awarded gallantry medal via YahooNews 
ECWashington1 Thanks! 
What happens when you brand an electric car as an impossibly cool out of reach luxury item 
The Trump plan for turning one of our 2 closest neighbors against us: 
Inside Trump's 'privatized mercenary force' 
te_sprick eyokley venmo security, probably. For when the whole cell network goes down. 
jbouie Rockville 
The house wine of wmata unsuckdcmetro riders 
Arianna Huffington: Donald Trump needs more sleep via YahooNews 
Trump warning about nuclear global warming -- I thought concern there was nuclear winter? 
Woman Sends Nude Photo Of Mississippi Mayor To City Officials TPM 
An eye-opening read from The Federalist on the alt right movement 
Hamilton the Musicals Rene Elise Goldsberry has amazing vocal range. 
jbenton Yes, but are any of them any good? 
technicians eventually discovered and removed 13,000 pounds of abandoned cables that no longer served any purpose 
PhilipRucker danpfeiffer That's how Giuliani rolled, too. 
The obvious Q: Why was there a backhoe on the tracks? 
For everything there is a season 
Fact check: Largely true 
Meanest April Fools joke. "Hamilton is doing the free Broadway in Prospect Park series!" = calls go to Trump HQ 
I cannot wait for the Tesla people vs. Prius people debates to come. 
What is wrong with people. 
Top Conservative Writer Is A Group Effort, Sources Say via bernstein buzzfeednews 
Russia Shows What Happens When Terrorists Families Are Targeted 
Genius new fundraising stickers from the Sanders team. 
Marijuana advocates vow to get arrested smoking pot outside the White House 
This shows that Trump voters are actually more optimistic than Clinton or Sanders ones, counterintuitively. 
Some new branding for climate change here... 
Anyone who wants to revive trust in government needs to address this. 
This is so insane 
This piece is the most bonkers media tell-all and all the ladies are sharing it 
State Dept. wants you to consider if you're really all that hot before you go for spring break 
Yair_Rosenberg Right. Hence, un-pc. 
Yair_Rosenberg Abortion rights advocates say it's the logical conclusion of the anti-abortion argument. 
Trump's gut instinct statement that women shld be punished for having abortions if abortion's illegal is another example of him being un-pc 
Public infrastructure in 2016 
Punishing women who have abortions means punishing poor, minority moms. 
Guns 'N' Laundry 
TomTolesToons Welcome to Twiiter! 
When you've lost AnnCoulter.... 
Except in politics. 
This is actually hard to do. 
After alleged groping, teen Trump protester pepper-sprayed by Trump supporter outside Wisc. rally 
"Donald Trumps campaign managers lied. Theres now clear video proof." 
Gallup: Trump and Clinton Supporters Lead in Enthusiasm 
Cherry blossoms + spring break + high security + rush hour = epic DC traffic kludge 
OKnox Sometimes w kinks 
US Capitol Shooter Larry Dawson [in Oct.] Shouted I'm a Prophet of God Inside The House 
Secret Service: We're not allowing firearms at the Republican National Convention 
Fidel Castro, definitely not ready to let the past go 
7 million Americans at risk of man-made earthquakes, USGS says 
Former CIA chief Hayden: Clinton better prepared than incoherent Trump 
The British journalism industry found to be 94 white amp; 55 male, w almost all ethnic groups under-represented 
How Belgian prisons became a breeding ground for Islamic extremism 
Yeesh. "Someone erected a...Trump tombstone in the middle of Central Park this weekend" 
Mexicans celebrate Easter holiday by burning Trump in effigy 
BillKristol realDonaldTrump What's a first tier club then? 
stuartpstevens  
Why The New Years Attacks On Women In Germany Werent Even A Crime via @itsjina buzzfeednews 
In heat of legal fight, lawyer says he got a shocking phone call from Donald Trump 
"Ted Cruz Affair Rumors Peddled by Marco Rubios Allies" via thedailybeast 
Bernie Sanders' Disney moment 
In short, American women: not that into Donald Trump. 
Mr. Trump, meet your new neighbors: The EPA and the IRS 
If 2008 was one of the best presidential contests in a generation, 2016 has to be the worst 
MarkDuplass jayduplass stevezissis melanielynskey StephLanghoff Really sorry to hear that. Loved the show. 
cc All of Cuba 
A "presidential" test: Is today a day Trump is proposing a realistic way to make America better? Or one on which he's creating media storms? 
petridishes: More convincing Ted Cruz sex scandals than the one in the National Enquirer 
Cruz spox and California chair: 
juliaioffe Obama looking frivolous=good cover for CT ops? WHCD weekend=bin Laden raid. Or just coincidence? 
October 2015: Donald Trumps Alliance With The National Enquirer via intelligencer 
vahlamorgulis Yeah but you can't opt into these units. City has to assign you to one bc you are homeless. 
sbagen jess_mc rtraister Same controversy when they backed Rahm's opponent. 
Is it really the case that proposed $3600-gt;$6000 DC apts for the homeless don't even have private bathrooms? 
From bios of the Brussels dead amp; missing seems a fair number at the airport were on their way to NYC. 
Ga. parents, offended by the 'Far East religion' of yoga, get 'Namaste' banned from school 
Trump's unfavorable number among women has jumped to 75 from 64, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll 
Damn. 
Frank Foer: Donald Trump has one unwavering belief: women are not his equal. via slate 
"Trumps attack on Heidi Cruz is the scummy low of a scummy campaign" via slate 
Important story on deradicalization programs in Europe: Could a Toll-Free Number Have Saved Brussels? 
Donald Trump is the most unpopular presidential candidate since David Duke 
Incredible. // Brussels Attack Lapses Acknowledged by Belgian Officials 
ISIS propaganda video celebrating Brussels attacks uses Trumps voice and photo via YahooPolitics 
courrielche But Cruz did not make the ads! They were part of a freelance anti-Trump effort by someone who worked for Paul, Walker, Fiorina. 
Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton requests federal investigation into long voter wait times 
Today in politicians who want to hurt Americans 
Walt Disney Co. and its Marvel Studios film unit are threatening to boycott the state of Georgia. 
[Cont] And other members of the GOP do need insulating. Trump may be Teflon but those around him are far from it. 
It's every man for himself time in the GOP. 
The thing is, Trump is beating Cruz and likely to get the nom. No political reason to go after his wife, just looking to hurt her bc he can. 
BRUSSELS (AP) - Officials: Suspected bombmaker for Paris attacks was one of two dead suicide bombers at Brussels airport. 
How reality T.V. took over U.S. politics via TIMEPolitics 
Tinder Adds Swipe The Vote So You Can Hook Up With Candidates via brendan_klink buzzfeednews 
ElizabethAngell That would be nice. 
ElizabethAngell I don't even know. 
Just discovered THE WORST hashtag on Twitter:  Don't click unless you like looking at worms. 
Huge opportunity for someone to disrupt the ballot printing process w just in time printing, fast shipping 
brianbeutler MittRomney I thought it was from the Kevin Williamson NRO story. 
Trump Adviser Compared U.S.-Russia Policy to Slavery, Police Shootings 
Some U.S. citizens are still missing following the  attacks 
Beinart: AIPAC, the most dominant Jewish organization in America, is indifferent to what happens to America. 
Odds we get any election results before midnight? 
So Trump must know that by tweeting about this he amplifies the pics, reporting on little-seen ad 
Bencjacobs  
katherinemiller Sounds like a bar special, in between closed on a Monday and Ladies' Night 
Is it the general election yet? 
BKcolin deleted 
LukeRussert AlexNBCNews The pullquote in this NRO piece 
Top Experts Confounded by Advisers to Donald Trump 
About which: The story behind the Brussels photo you saw everywhere: 'I was not able to help them' via usatoday 
I feel so sorry for that poor woman who survived the Brussels attack amp; is now on all media everywhere IN HER BRA w her shirt blown off. 
The weirdest piece you are going to read abt the SCOTUS nominee: What I remember abt Merrick Garland fr junior high 
Remember when Donald Trump's "foolproof" plan to take on ISIS was to get Russia to do it? 
Bernie Sanders and puppies 
I'm so old I remember when if we stopped what we were doing it was seen as letting the terrorists win 
Latest Trump whopper: America is "poor" via YahooFinance 
The discovery in this case could be epic 
JeffYoung Compared to him, most people in this country are poor, actually. 
Mormon Church said 3 members, all Utah residents working as missionaries in Europe, were injured in...attack 
US officials advise be on alert for followup attacks in Brussels; say there was no specific warning ahead of attack 
Amazing collection of Trump boasts: "I am the best: A prose poem by Donald J. Trump" via HuffPostPol 
Gen. Wesley Clark: Belgium has always been a hotbed for Islamic radicals  
michaelbd Hindus also. 
Belgian Authorities Overwhelmed By Terror Investigations via mitchprothero buzzfeednews 
brianstelter Also no reports on her in Harvard Crimson, ever. 
stuartmillar159 Item deleted, thanks. 
JeffQuinton Conflicts RFERL Yep, item deleted. 
All the latest on the Brussels attacks (Warning: some graphic images) 
KarenAttiah: I asked Trump a policy question. Then he called me 'beautiful.' 
"Trump is not just a risk to the country. He is also a risk to the planet." 
WaPo: Do you believe there are disparities in law enforcement? TRUMP: ... Ive read both. And, you know, I have no opinion on that. 
jonward11 I often feel these days I have been sucked into a story arc on the show somehow. 
Donald Trump: 'My hands are normal hands' 
Good time to revist this: The Mutual Dependence of Donald Trump and the News Media 
Today Donald Trump demonstrated it's possible to humiliate the press w/o insults  by enlisting them as extras in a real estate commercial 
Trump: "Many of the people you see who are not supporting Trump are going to support me....they'll join the Trump train." Re: GOP officials 
Bingo 
I feel like I am in an episode of a reality TV show w someone asking Trump for a job at a press conference abt hotel during a presidential 
Trump on America: "Nothing works." Healthcare, educational system. 
Trump: "We have to make our country solvent...we have to make our country rich" 
So, Obama-Castro historic presser or Trump talking up his hotel project? 
Trump on Hill meeting: "we met with Senator Sessions and some of the great people in Washington...various senators and congressmen" 
Trump: "We're right on budget...we've gone to a much higher degree of finishes...want to make this one of the great hotels of the world" 
Trump hotel presser: "That's a brand new floor..." will soon be covered in "beautiful marble" 
Reup: July look at who was building the Trump Hotel at the Old Post Office in DC, by aolivo 
The peril of phone interviews: John Barron WAS Donald Trump. 
Mic check at DC Trump event announces Trump Hotel press conference, not Trump for President presser. 
Would love to know what "natural spring" Trump water comes from 
Just in time poster making outside the DC Trump hotel site 
Long line of men in hard hats speaking Spanish clearing out of Trump Old Post Office hotel construction site in advance of his presser in DC 
PressSec Looks like the repaved the tarmac too. 
Sign of the media times: A web ad on an email for a "new social-only magazine," structured as a Facebook community on click-thru 
BillWeirCNN CNN Pretty, right? 
OKnox the cars are the best...until you ride in one. 
LukeRussert Amtrak Thank you! 
Amtrak Also: That's not actually how you do it. If you do that you get sent to 2 promo pages and then back to regular site. 
Amtrak OK that is totally unclear fr the recursive loop of links. Feedback: This redesign is a bad UX. Also called amp; no one cld explain it. 
Amtrak What happened to your website? No way to redeem Guest Rewards points anymore. Just an endless loop taking you to a card payment pg. 
chrislhayes AaronBlake mattdpearce And what was on the sign/said right before this? 
I think the word here is criminal, not cringe-worthy 
America has a long history of people protesting at political rallies, conventions 
Yahoo News's OKnox is heading to Cuba for Obama's visit. Follow for updates 
jbarro jonathanchait The mainstream rarely approves of protestors in real time. They're only valorized in retrospect, if remembered at all 
moorehn AND then decided to stop even paying -- hence the rise of the unpaid internship. 
moorehn And to fob off all their least pleasant duties onto other people. 
Donald Trump, brought to you by German bankers. 
When even Wall Street looks askance at your deals... via WSJ 
Including some you've never heard about from the 80s: A Complete List of Donald Trumps Business Disasters 
NY anti-Trump rally at Trump Towers organized by a group called the Cosmopolitan Antifascists. Cheeky NYrs! 
Horrific story. "'We were just burning': GA man poured boiling water over gay couple as they lay in bed, police say" 
Former Cruz staffer amandacarpenter calls for "Blackballing Those Who Endorse Trump" 
Today in words in an order I've never seen before: "a visually enchanting  on slime molds" 
Study: When smart peoplespend more time with their friends, it makes them less happy 
"Donald Trump is an affront to basic standards of honesty, virtue and citizenship." 
David Brooks, not a Trump fan 
One Weird Trick for Keeping Female Employees From Quitting via TheCut 
Everytime we think DC finally has a decent mayor they go and do something like this. 
OK, this is just flat out insane. 
Helps explains the total lack of public comment before the announcements. 
Anxious about Trump? Try being a foreign ambassador. 
Tweeting about Trump amp; the Jews nets such fabulous responses. 
Chemical Explosion Reported at Smithsonian's National Zoo; No Reported Injuries  NBC4 Washington via nbcwashington 
Wut 
Even GOP Jews worried about Trump. 
Jewish Group Plans To Protest Donald Trumps AIPAC Speech via jdforward 
Re: the previous, it is going to be fascinating to watch the legal clean up in Trump's wake as the campaign progresses. 
Five deputies who escorted sucker-punched protester at Trump rally have been disciplined 
Um. 
DC tonight smells like magnolia, daffodil, cherry blossom, earth disturbed by the unfurling of plants, new leaves, petals crushed under foot 
California's June primary just became crucial in the race for the White House 
Assignment Desk: Financial planning preparations for a Trump presidency. 
Bencjacobs alexis_levinson All the Ubers were at Union Station. 
jeremymbarr DelRey Not SweetGreen? 
White House creates Twitter account to argue for Obamas SCOTUS nominee via YahooTech 
Well, new trend, at any rate. 
Boehner backs Paul Ryan for president 
SteveDeaceShow chicagotribune or rather, state should not print ballots so far in advance 
sheanineseven Agreed. His happy place. 
Tonight's real winner: New York values. 
Kasich campaign: I'd like to order ALL OF THE CONFETTI 
KatyTurNBC MOAR 
You're likable enough, Bernie 
Shaping up to be a big night for Clinton. 
WASHINGTON (AP)  Hillary Clinton wins Democratic presidential primary in North Carolina 
Everybody get your Florida Man headlines ready. 
ByronTau Yahoo News (NYC): Tony's Di Napoli 
AP: Most Democratic voters in the 5 states heading to the polls Tuesday say they're satisfied w either Clinton or Sanders as nominee 
Also it's delicious. 
igorbobic JaredRizzi A rally in chairs. Like going to see a concert at DAR hall. 
That VC guy you read about this am? GOP donor. // Major Kasich backer embroiled in sex-slave suit via YahooPolitics 
Donald Trumps long trail of litigation via WSJ 
entire Metro system will shut down for at least 29 hrs starting at midnight...for safety checks of electric cables 
Hope no one has to go anywhere 
Trump just cleared a key threshold for the GOP nomination via DCExaminer 
An Investigation: Which Presidential Campaigns Have the Largest Gender Wage Disparities? 
The best shampoo, he says, is Head and Shoulders re: Trump's favorite brands. 
julietlapidos Good point. 
I'm looking forward to Sleeper Tuesday, the Tuesday when we can all go to bed at a normal hour for a change. 
Introduced in the House March 14: HR 642 - Recognizing magic as a rare and valuable art form and national treasure 
DC Ward 7 Council Candidates Respond To PJ Harvey's New Song About DC via DCist 
Why Trump imports labor at Mar-a-Lago, according to his longtime butler 
Wonder what it means then that Trump's iconic campaign hats are red 
WOW 
For 80 Years, Young Americans Have Been Getting More Anxious and Depressed via thescienceofus 
Trump campaign manager's behavior prompted staff concerns 
Trump embroiled in lawsuit stemming from a confrontation between a demonstrator + Trump's chief bodyguard in Sept. 
Prominent Silicon Valley investor denies he kept a sex slave for 13 years: 
"'The Lions Guard' aims to serve as a militia-style security force for attendees at Trump rallies" 
But will there be steaks on display? 
Amtrak train heading to Chicago derails in Kansas, injuring 32 people 
Va. sommelier: Trump wines are actually pretty good. But I can't put them on restaurant menus. 
4 Pinocchios for Sanderss claim about the impact of Clintons vote on offshore drilling 
Not quite a wall but... 
China paper says rise of 'racist' Trump shows democracy is scary 
Amazing levels of snark in here 
How does this impact city business dealings w Trump? 
Wut. // Serbia: US-Bound Combat Missiles Found on Passenger Flight 
How Trump struck a deal to profit off the foreign labor he says is killing U.S. jobs 
Ted Cruz Scours Overlooked States, Eyeing a Long Delegate Fight 
Trump on atmosphere at rallies, on meetthepress: "I don't accept responsibility." 
Has a Black President Changed America? via nytvideo 
jbarro TheStalwart A lot of middle of the road people found him amusing, magnetic amp; refreshing at 1st but now he looks like a chaos-agent 
6 Takeaways from an Interview with Donald Trump's Butler of 20 Years via injo 
ZekeJMiller Sign says "I STAND"? 
Oh look, here's a story about this fr Dec. 2015: As tensions rise, how to keep the peace in Trumps chaos campaign 
AUDIO: Listen to Reagans press secretary laugh about gays dying of AIDS. via SlateOutward 
Trump Jr. Smears 63-Year-Old Bernie Supporter as Nazi via thedailybeast 
CHAOS IS A LADDER 2016 
Trump takes credit for canceling Chicago rally after CPD denies it told him to cancel 
MattBaume DCSoljaGurl gatsbydoo And those typically are not filmed. 
MattBaume DCSoljaGurl gatsbydoo Interesting. I see description here of it as having been at a fundraiser 
A friend points out that all the good-paying Apple jobs are already in USA. Avg salary for dev at Apple is $138k. 
apd413 AdamWeinstein No. It just means that lower levels of labor force participation correlate w Trump support. Some are retirees too. 
dckath Romney won a whole 3,577 votes in DC during the GOP primary in 2012. 
Bingo 
So it's a standard voting day in DC then. 
Trump repeating untrue story about pigs blood-dipped bullets. 
Trump: "This Twitter Facebook is so great." 
The Geography of Trumpism via UpshotNYT 
GirlWhoWhirls I don't. Who is? 
Trump: "We're going to start making Apple products in the United States, not in China." Wonder what Apple thinks about this promise. 
Chicago Tribune says the woman is Birgitt Peterson of Yorkville, Ill. 
Trump: -- these are bad groups -- these are bad people....we're going to unify the country." 
Rubio says Trump is fostering a climate that has country careening toward chaos and anarchy. Via politico 
mattklewis ron_fournier might help in primaries. Not the general. 
Clinton statement on Chicago anti-Trump rally appears to be landing as smoothly as her comments on Nancy Reagan's AIDS advocacy 
Chicago Police: We Never Told Trump Campaign To Shut Down Rally 
capnindignant Thanks. I need more sleep. 
Local Chicago NBC station showing police v protestors conflagration on streets LIVE 
This rally in Chicago is a preview of the general election campaign. Trump has been speaking to a narrow audience. But America is big. 
 CEDickson who is at the Trump rally in Chicago right now 
And now back to the chaotic present. 
17) All of which is to explain why Clinton's comments today raised such ire. 
16) The Millennial view: "These Horrifying White House Transcripts Show How America Used to Think About AIDS" 
15) Michael Bronksi on the Reagans 
Rod_Noir Anti-gay marriage ballot initiatives + Bush re-election campaign 
14) Today we are all more visible to each other. Imagine 40K people in America dying in 21st c w/o president talking about it. Impossible. 
13) Today we talk endlessly on TV amp; social about every minor controversial thing, but in '80s, 40K people died amp; the president said nothing. 
12) So view fr other side is a community of people SCOTUS said criminal, facing a fatal disease, unrepresented by any political party. 
11) Between AIDS panic and that ruling, homophobia in America ratcheted up in the late 80s. See: 
10) The old anti-gay laws were still on the books, upheld by Bowers v. Hardwick in 1986. 
9) Or this 1987 Silence = Death Project poster 
8) The view from the other side is encapsulated by contemporaneous imagery such as this Donald Moffett from 1987 
7) The Times headline was "Heckler Stirs Clinton Anger" 
6) When Bill Clinton famously said, "I feel your pain," he said it to Bob Rafsky of ACT UP, who was heckling him. 
5) Gay people had no party on their side amp; no one to represent or speak for them fr halls of power. ACT UP protested Democrats continually. 
4) What Clinton said perfectly encapsulated the viewpoint of mainstream Democrats in the 1980s, before the party became gay friendly 
3) There was a mainstream, and then there were the margins. And the margins were much more distant from the center than they are today. 
2) Today all the different communities in America sit cheek by jowl on social amp; online media. In the 80s, they were separated by vast chasms 
1) Belatedly: I don't doubt for a second that what Clinton said about the Reagans amp; AIDS is how she remembers things being in in the 80s/90s 
CPSAN sees all -- likely more photos amp; videos will come out eventually as well -- lots trained on Trump/aides 
pbump stuartpstevens Trump campaign response looks like effort to create reasonable doubt to decrease likelihood of criminal charges. 
America...if you can keep it. 
DavidCornDC Canada. 
Get him out! Racial tensions explode at Donald Trumps rallies. 
ValValma000 CapehartJ yes 
IAStartingLine looks like they buried something there 
DougHenwood You missed his sideline as a rapper? 
Misdemeanor battery investigation opened into Michelle Fields-Trump campaign incident 
Pretty sure terris can tell the difference between Lewandowski and a Secret Service agent 
Trump used to own the yacht that belonged to the James Bond villain in Never Say Never Again  
Weak GOP Rivals Fail to Condemn Donald Trumps Thugs via thedailybeast 
Hard to tell who he's talking about but if the guy who was hit, this appears to be actual libel 
Michelle Fields tweets pic of fingerprint-shaped bruises on her arm after being grabbed by Trump campaign manager 
Today in passive-aggressive typos 
2-Don 
Donald Trump: "I think it's time to end the debates." 
Stop me if you think that you've heard this one before.... 
At Trump University, Students Recall Pressure to Give Positive Reviews 
See a lot of promoted Ted Cruz web-ads this am 
This is why we're fat 
alyssabereznak Do weekends exist? 
Trump clearly will be excellent at defending VAWA 
Will_Bunch DylanByers Breitbart trutherism 
Melania's sleeves are amazing. 
Facepalm 
Rubio making everyone verklempt 
That thing where the fundamental organizing principle of your country is called "arbitrary" by one of the men running for president 
Trump backing ground troops in Syria and Iraq: 
Rubio: "I'm not interested in being politically correct, I'm interested in being correct." 
Tapper's good Q to Trump -- "Why should voters trust you will run the country different from how you run your businesses?" 
Kasich: "1 out of 5 Americans work in a job connected to trade" 
Trump's modeling agency broke immigration laws, attorneys say via CNNMoney 
cc SecretService 
Since Hoover! 
Bets on which legal group is going to be first offer pro-bono counsel to anyone ill-treated at a Trump rally? ACLU? CCR? AAJ? 
wjbent68 Thanks! cc dklaidman meganliberman 
mkhammer And she can still file a report. 
Trump campaign manager "once was arrested at the U.S. Capitol for bringing in a concealed pistol" 
Trump's campaign manager, ladies amp; gentlemen 
Inside Trumps inner circle, his staffers are willing to fight for him. Literally. 
Obama says dont blame him for Trump, GOP crackup via YahooPolitics 
Matter of time until Trump rallies lead to lawsuits 
katieharbath Feeling the Bern, eh? 
UCLA study: A Majority of Californians Have Prediabetes 
Democrats mock Trump University in new attack ad via YahooPolitics 
GrahamDavidA Definitely a memorable brand name. 
GrahamDavidA Peak Florida? 
Olivianuzzi The whole thing was like something out of a 1950s PR textbook 
Shiny object equivalence 
From now on, all towelsmade for Marriott Internationals nearly 3,000 hotels in the USA will be made in the USA. 
Trump Model: Felt Like 'Slave' Working for Donald's Agency - ABC News - via ABC 
America. 
Doing so much on Trump online I'm getting targeted ads for Ceasar's Palace 
[Black] Trump protester sucker-punched at North Carolina rally, videos show 
If book sales were votes, Donald Trump would be president via YahooFinance 
JECarter4 GrahamDavidA It's a second reference not a first 
This headline. Idaho shooting suspect's 'hypersexual' Martian manifesto is a window into an unraveling mind 
Previously deported immigrant arrested in Missouri after manhunt following 5 killings 
Where Romney's voice mattered? 
That thing where you're editing campaign coverage at 11pm and your friends are Instagramming an eclipse in Bali. 
wexler It's no Mar-a-Lago....but it syncs w his message. 
AlanTonelson It says it in the story 
mmurraypolitics Almost as if the GOP calendar was designed to select a nominee quickly... 
KatyTurNBC I hear those are $16 bottles of wine. 
Trump outsourcing includes home goods, daughters clothing line via YahooPolitics 
A high steaks evening. 
Permitted under the rules of how many newsrooms? 
MoElleithee Also she appears to be in process of losing Michigan. 
Trump to unnamed reporter at presser: "I'm not going to finish w her bc she never asks a decent question." 
Tim Miller's anti-Trump efforts are up for grabs. 
Trump to Jeremy: "Nobody ever listens to you." 
Return of the repressed 
Campaign 2016: Steak and circuses. 
Trump: "I'm a businessman, why should I spend the money?" re: campaign outlays 
Trump: "Hillary is going to be very easy to beat...she's a very flawed candidate" 
Trump: "It's my second home. I love Florida." 
Trump on GOP opponents: "They attacked me viciously and every single one who attacked me is gone." 
More here 
GUYS: Theres us someone else's brand name on the Trump steaks displayed tonight 
Trump: "We have Trump steaks" -- but Trump consumer steak biz has been defunct since 2007. Where are tonight's steaks from? 
Olivianuzzi Except there are no more Trump steaks. Frozen meat products discontinued in 2007. 
Trump re turnout: "I want to thank the special interests and the lobbyists bc they did something to drive these numbers" 
(AP)  Donald Trump wins Republican presidential primary in Michigan. 
tackettdc Now watch this drive. 
Whatever those steaks at Florida Trump event are, odds are they are not Trump steaks. 
Penned in and hand-fed 
Another Trump lawsuit. 
bterris Tell me if you figure out which natural spring it's bottled from. 
Hillary wins Mississippi primary 
jonathanchait Wait, is he SERVING UP RED MEAT 
I hope they cook them first! 
Someone with a real wine criticism desk should review Trump wines, stat. 
alexheard Donald Trump has actually addressed this practice on the campaign trail, condemning it as disgusting. 
Anyway, hope someone either cooks those steaks soon or puts them in a fridge. 
Prediction: Trump will defend his business ventures at presser tonight. 
Trump motto:  
Keith Olbermann on one of the many reasons he's moving out of a Trump building: 
And the NY tabloids should collect and reissue their old Trump covers as a digital package / ultimate slideshow. 
Seriously, Vanity Fair should just collect all its old coverage of Trump and publish it as an e-book with an introductory essay 
Context for Trump from the vantage point of 1990 
NY Mag on Trump supplements, 2011: If I Cant Trust Donald Trump, Who Can I Trust? 
This 1990 Vanity Fair article on Donald Trump is full of little gems 
Donald Trump marketing from his now defunct network-marketing nutritional supplements co. 
On Donald Trump's claim that he "employs many people" at Honolulu hotel 
So fascinating. 
Better Business Bureau Contests Claim That Trump Universitys Ratings Improved 
Donald Trump may need a lot of rich backers after all via YahooFinance 
Donald Trump: "Great Honor" To Be Endorsed By Sandy Hook Truther 
Clinton, Sanders go down to the wire in Michigan via YahooPolitics 
David Brooks on Ted Cruz: His political profile is a slightly enlarged Rick Santorum but without the heart. 
All the morning shows should follow along on this. 
Important DavidCayJ find: Trump used negative depreciation to pay zero taxes. 
Huge racial disparities persist despite slow infant mortality drop via usatoday 
jbarro Everyone says Cruz is the dislikable one but of the senators has anyone been attacked more than Marco Rubio? 
Dem Senate Takeover Probable, If Cruz or Trump Nominee via rollcall 
Ohio police officer fired after calling Black Lives Matter activist's suicide a 'happy ending' 
Donald Trump threatens Trump University fraud victims in new video via HuffPostPol 
The Trump Effect is contaminating our kids  and could resonate for years 
Trump would only have enough cash to self-finance a presidential if he sold off real assets 
charles_gaba cc alyssabereznak 
charles_gaba You think it's spam? 
More Latinos Seek Citizenship to Vote Against Trump 
What you see when you forget to unfollow NH news outlets after the primary 
AdamWeinstein The Trump presidency is previewed. 
TimAlbrechtIA And pork is THE essential meat of Cuba. 
For first time, U.S. to reveal death toll from drones via YahooPolitics 
Ted Cruz is selling a Trump-jabbing "breathe" yoga matt now. Namaste, y'all. 
WaPo: We declare winter over and spring here, effective today 
Cuba says it would welcome Nationals to Havana for spring training in 2017 
Via NPR: Decades Later, 'Spy' Magazine Founders Continue To Torment Trump 
IsaacDovere Read this and this 
pbump But a Jersey businessman. 
What if Trump is not a Manhattan figure at core but a New Jersey one? That would explain a lot. 
LiButti has said Trump personally gave him a check when he was losing at gambling 
After Trump's denial he knew who Duke was, how much are his denials he knew someone worth? 
Trump Plaza in NJ violated anti-discrimination laws at behest of man linked to Gotti mob 
MattMackowiak He has to request it or win nomination. 
Gunman attacks Idaho pastor who spoke at Ted Cruz rally 
Just realized what this means is Trump's part of literally building a pathway to citizenship for wealthy Chinese 
Trump towers in NJ seeking Chinese investors looking for citizenship are a family project 
It was only a matter of time before Trump story intersected with the Sopranos 
Whoa 
18th debate of the cycle down. How many more to go? 
chrisdonovan mmurraypolitics If you're from Vermont, those states are south of you, so... 
Props to CNN for ending a 2-hour debate after 2 hours. 
Clinton: "I pray on a pretty regular basis during the day." 
sahilkapur Yeah, realized after I tweeted 
Given all the 90s talk tonight surprised she didn't ask, "What if God were one of us?" 
mviser Please no 
PunchingDonkey JohnJHarwood To be clear "he" was the NH resident, not Rubio 
thegarance He being the man, not Rubio. 
I had someone tell me at a Rubio event in NH he opposes free college for all bc it would devalue the significance of a degree. 
FEB 2016 
This debate over who voted for good in a bill that also had bad in it is why it's hard for U.S. senators to win the WH (among other reasons) 
reallyandrea AmiDar That's a shame. They are doing house sell-offs for almost nothing tho to people who commit to live there and fix em up 
Clinton backers may see as it a Lazio moment but if Sanders puts "EXCUSE ME ... I'M TAWKIN' HERE" on a t-shirt it will sell like hot cakes 
This debate has the best real people asking questions lineup I've seen so far. 
reallyandrea AmiDar But the city can. 
Detroit's "white population has fallen 95 between the 1950 and 2010 censuses." That's not just about auto jobs. 
Talk about decline of manufacturing, sure, but talk also about white flight, growth of suburbs, post-riots flight, etc. Multifactor decline. 
Bulk of Detroit's pop. loss happened in the 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s amp; 00s. Very little in 90s. 
Getting billionaires to bail out financial/auto sector in the middle of the crisis on a tight schedule is some House of Cards level thinking 
Sanders seems to be getting angrier the longer the campaign goes on 
stuartpstevens Don't 1 million more people live in Manhattan than all of Vermont? 
I do wonder what the possible impact on our governing class was of having those excess lead levels in DC water in the 2000s. 
Or maybe I just forgot about. I remember once a waitress in DC asking me if I wanted water, then asking if I wanted leaded or unleaded. 
Honestly until Flint I didn't realize DC had had such a lead problem in its own water during the years I've lived here and been drinking it. 
I guess Riegle really knows from what's wrong w Wall Street 
Ditto 
johnpaulspiro Thanks. 
Justin_Vogt I have not heard as much about the phallus as signifier since I took a seminar w a bunch of BPSI people in college. 
I would dearly love to read a Lacanian analysis of the rhetoric and dynamics of the GOP presidential primary contest. 
gregggonsalves chrisgeidner I'll leave that to you two to sort out. 
gregggonsalves Was looking into this early today bc I read this 
gregggonsalves It was the darkest days of experimental risk taking. See also: and 
CNN commentator: Media will share blame when Trump 'institutes internment camps' 
Ritalin ad from 1967 
From Hollywood to the White House, tributes to former first lady Nancy Reagan flood in: 
NYTimesDowd on fire on Trump. 
whpresscorps IsaacDovere it was the setup to a joke. He then said Churchill said it. Then he laughed. 
Ohio Dems switching sides to vote for Trump 
That is some advance printing on display there 
The Jindal legacy in Louisiana 
Right now Cruz, Rubio, and Trump have roughly the same unfavorables among the Republicans 
Trump U. suit: Donald cant identify his hand-picked faculty via YahooPolitics 
And every campaign reporter ever looks at this study and says, "duh." 
Gawker gets an anonymous email w an attachment purporting to contain recordings from Donald Trumps voicemail inbox 
 (con't) exhausted amazing YahooNews 2016 team stableford wordsofwalsh realchriswilson amp; of course sullivanamy and dklaidman 
 the exhausted amazing YahooNews 2016 team jonward11 hollybdc lizcgoodwin hunterw alyssabereznak OKnox CEDickson jasonsickles /1 
bterris Republicans in disarray 
stephmerry Guess it's time to update the hierarchy of reader mail. Was: Laser printedgt;dot matrixgt;typewrittengt;pengt;pencilgt;on a postcard. 
This is how many, many campaign events on the trail are this year tbh 
stephmerry Hotmail, seriously? 
LizMair Tell us more? 
If Super Tuesday Voting Pattern Continues, Donald Trump Will Reach Delegate Target via UpshotNYT 
Donald Trump Healthcare Plan Offers Gifts To For-Profit Insurers 
ryanbeckwith Back when all this kind of stuff was fresh and shocking. 
GOP primary race craziest moment I've seen in politics since Clinton impeachment and has the most presidential junk talk since then too. 
Are people who are too lazy to peel an orange really the sort of people who eat oranges? 
Apparently there is a formula for determining if someone actually has unusually short fingers. 
OKnox ThePlumLineGS Still waiting for the Trump quote or bad Tinder pickup line quiz cc BuzzFeed 
ellencarmichael Amazing 
ellencarmichael Link? 
sivavaid Nah, just wanted to share from 
All previous fact checks from the great GlennKesslerWP 
FACT CHECK: Trump wrong that he is beating Clinton in the polls. 
FACT CHECK: Trump either promising to save gt;3 times what the Medicare drug program costs or to cut outlays in half. 
FACT CHECK: The 9/11 hijackers were unmarried or had wives who never came to America. Trump not correct. 
FACT CHECK: Trump got size of trade deficits wrong in debate 
Demagogue for President: 
O'Reilly: "Why do you think you engender do much loathing?" Trump: "And love!" 
Wedding cupcakes: yes or no? 
jpodhoretz JeffreyGoldberg 
Cleveland makes Fodor's must-see travel list for 2015; Travel + Leisure includes city on its top-destinations list 
GOP debate: Trump defends his flip-flopping on issues 
Every day of the rest of Donald Trump's career in politics is going to be like this for him. 
alexburnsNYT BuzzFeedBen But lanes! 
This is the best part of campaign 2016: We are finally out of the silly season and stuff has gotten real. 
PGourevitch Because it's finally a real fight. 
Cruz to trump: "Count to 10" 
Donald Trump: "It's a minor civil case! Gimme a break!" 
Cruz: "Is this the debate you want playing out in the general election?" 
Donald Trump defends the size of his  hands via YahooPolitics 
Damn, megynkelly! 
FACT CHECK: Trump University has a D- from the Better Business Bureau, not an A. 
The answer is that Democrats found them and they haven't started running anti-Trump ads yet 
Tweets from a more innocent time 
The Internet never forgets 
maxjrosenthal cc darth maybe you should design the resistance logo? 
The resistance has a logo 
CNN: Donald Trump won't self-finance a general election campaign. 
Tiffany Trump song "Like a Bird" references tweeting 
Tiffany [Trump] has gone relatively unnoticed...that changed when she was featured on Rich Kids of Instagram 
Donald Trump's Ex-Wife Marla Maples to Compete on Season 22 of 'Dancing With the Stars' via YahooCelebrity 
The all-GOP quote ads on Trump by Democrats are going to be amazing. 
MiekeEoyang Veep Was joking. That's where Trump is speaking. 
When is the big reveal on this season? 
Trump protester: White supremacist attacked me via courierjournal 
Schwarzenegger, Former Aides, Distance The Governator From Trump via buzzfeedpol buzzfeednews 
MiekeEoyang Veep I thought it was filming in Maine. 
And he's complaining about Rubio's short-fingered remarks! 
Mitt Romney posts his anti-Trump speech on Medium 
Dozens of GOP national security experts + leaders come out against realDonaldTrump 
Mitt Romney: I'm not locked in here w you, you're locked in here w me. 
Would dearly love to know what Romney has heard in super-rich people circles about the reality of Trump's business dealings. 
Romney: "Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud, whose promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University." 
Romney quotes John Adams: "There has never been a democracy yet that did not commit suicide." 
Romney on Trump: "I predict that he will never ever release his tax returns...he has too much to hide." 
Trump: "There's plenty of evidence that Mr. Trump is a con man, a fake." 
Mitt: The infamous Tapper-Trump exchange on the KKK will play a million times. 
Gawker's plea to Romney 
Mitt Romney: 'Trump is a phony, a fraud' who is 'playing the American public for suckers' 
Trump On His Trump U Blog: Outsourcing Jobs Not Always A Terrible Thing via BuzzFeedAndrew buzzfeednews 
This is a very generous clause here starting w "amid" 
Has CPAC offered yoga before or is that new this year? 
PhilipRucker The headquarters of the resistance to the anti-Washington candidate is...the Washington area. 
Donald Trump will be president, SUNY professor predicts with [what he says is] 97 percent certainty 
America. 
Rubio can't drop out now! He's juts getting warmed up. 
Donald Trump's Campaign Gave Press Credentials To A White Nationalist Radio Program 
No Republican nominee has ever won all of the different states Donald Trump has 
Christie thought bubble rn: GO. 
Who am I? Why am I here? 
Why is Chris Christie there tonight? 
Looks like Marco Rubio finally won his lane. 
The night Hillary Clinton regained her inevitability via YahooPolitics 
RUBIO 
Twitter: "We just hit over 1 million Tweets sent today about Super Tuesday." 
Also how much do I love that  is a hashtag right now 
 YahooNews edition 
emilynussbaum American Samoa? 
Your likely 2016 choice, ladies amp; gentlemen: Two New Yorkers, each hated by half the country, who don't currently hold public office. 
I'm surprised Bernie Sanders has not adapted his riff on billionaires, the 1 etc. by now to acknowledge or target Trump. 
Election night newsroom pizza in New York is so much better than election night newsroom pizza in DC. 
Surprise of the night: Rubio might finally win a state! 
DC suburbs keeping Va. race close: Trump in the lead but Rubio not far behind. 
Clinton wins Georgia and Virginia. Trump on track to win Georgia. 
Disturbing. 
More from 2006. 
I wrote this in 2006. Trump's appeal sits atop some not so new trends American life. 
mkhammer So cool! 
HANDS often important in politics, actually 
America. 
Mikey Sanders: "Im black, I got kicked out of a Donald Trump rally, and Im scared" via FusionNews 
NY Court Refuses to Dismiss Trump University Case, Describes Fraud Allegations via HuffPostPol 
Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton: "She should not be allowed to run." 
Nikki Haley, devastating w Southern charm 
"Osama bin Laden almost sounds like a U.S. presidential candidate in this secret letter" 
From gifted hands to small hands: The year politics went mano-a-mano 
Trumpmania: People dressed like Trump at Trump rallies via YahooPolitics 
HumphreyBohun "message of" 
Sanders's attack on campaigns financed by special interests amplifies amp; benefits the Trump message of self-funded independence. Discuss. 
This kicker! "Obama to meet with McConnell in Supreme Court standoff" via YahooPolitics 
Apparently it's YUGE Tuesday today, not Super Tuesday. 
Choke-slam altercation appears to have started when photog tried to leave pen, cover black students protesting Trump 
Report: The Secret Service pre-emptively kicked black students out of a Trump rally at their own school 
Seriously, what is the Secret Service doing? 
The only things 2016 was missing. 
sullivanamy Not outraged, just wondering who it's supposed to be if not Julia et al. But yeah it scans as, "guys, send us pitches." 
sullivanamy If you click thru it says "Artist's rendition of our editors right now" 
I thought Slate was edited by a woman. 
VP chatter turns to Tom Perez, a pick that could help Clinton with progressives via YahooPolitics 
staphwriter Yeah I know 
In January, in Iowa. 
Take it away, Bernie Sanders.... 
What is going on 
Security at Trump event choke-slams photojournalist at rally via YahooPolitics 
ggreenwald froomkin How do we know the OTR part is the truth and not the lie? 
Trump rally rocked by protesters ahead of Virginia primary via DCExaminer 
Sanders in 1969, pre-PC. 
Finding his voice in a post-Scalia world? 
rachelsklar norbuck And giving her skeptical looks! 
Who are the Trump voters? 
ByronTau LoganDobson Yeah yeah yeah. I know the vote counts, technically. 
LoganDobson ByronTau Pretty sure GOP DC vote also doesn't count. 
LoganDobson ByronTau Our=DC vote. 
ByronTau Almost like our vote doesn't count anyway. 
