text 
Maryland Democratic race reminds us: All politics is identity politics  my column gt;gt; 
Tear it all down. 
Subtweeting Van Hollen and McGinty on their big nights. 
In fact, I still say "ORE-a-gon 
That's how we all said it in NY until the hippie college kids came back and said it OR-ginn 
If you've lost track, he's still on a tangent of a tangent. 
I must admit to being pleased that Pa. Dems nominated a revolving-door corporate lobbyist for Senate. 
Dems pick white male born into privilege over black single-mom. My column on the Md. Senate race will be up tonight. 
Here's my update on delegate math (complete with some addition errors) 
"The future business"? Is Hillary also seeking the nomination of the Vandehei Innovation Party. 
When Hillary Clinton says "reproductive health care decisions," and "women's health care," she means aborting people in the womb. 
I'm doing another Facebook live in a minute, here: 
Most philly-fan candidate ever carries Pa. 
This is a new one 
Trump is on pace to take a majority (and all the delegates) in Connecticut. That means he probably hits a 100 delegates tonight at least. 
Bernie looks resigned and sounds resigned. This is the most drop-outty non drop-out speech I've seen this year. 
So he's not dropping out. 
"When we began this campaign..." is quite a way to begin a speech on a night you lost. 
The Three Things I'll be Watching at 8 pm for the GOP presidential race 
Yes, Green line delays would hurt Edwards. Red Line delays will hurt Van Hollen. 
Are they gonna call four states Trump at 8:00 pm, holding Maryland only because the polls are open late? 
So Metro could cause some voters to miss poll-closing. 
What's wrong with calling it the "Tolled-Portion-of I-95 Primary"? 
There will be an office in the White House to do this by September 2017. 
byelin Yeah, I did that with Romney-vs-Santorum 4 years ago. 
Department of Greatness 
Trump will clean up tonight: 100 delegates. The thing to watch is whether he gets 50 in Ct. and all 8 CDs in MD 
He's subtweeting brianbeutler here 
Here's your delegate-math preview for tonight: 
Starting delegate math with jimantle in a moment 
You can watch my live delegate math video at 3 pm here: 
I'll be doing a Facebook Live Election Day delegate-math video at 3 pm. Tune in. 
How a state senator  whose family is in the taxi business  put the brakes on two Uber bills - 
so_irreverent chrislhayes I'm pretty sure it was a carless middle-class lady in suburban PG. 
I just saw a voter arrive by uber. First time I've seen that. 
MTMehan yeah. Vote for Kasich. 
At the polling place in Chevy Chase Village, I'm parked between a BMW and a Porsche. 
I prefer Cruz, and I voted for Kasich today (I voted for Kasich and his two delegates, plus a Cruz delegate) 
TheStalwart ThePlumLineGS neeratanden I see it in Md. Senate races. Lots of "how dare he/she?!" 
byelin the drones part is awesome. 
If Vandehei thinks the whole Dem Party opposes Corp welfare, he thinks ethanol, sugar, ExIm, risk corridors, OPIC, etc aren't Corp welfare. 
...implied by this is that Hillary wants to eradicate corporate welfare. Does a single human think that? 
"Everyone outside of the GOP establishment seems to agree on eradicating corporate welfare" writes Vandehei. He forget the D establishment? 
They were all out of the Little Bunter onesies. 
laurakfillault aww, thanks. 
They say voter fraud doesn't happen. 
stanveuger solid choice. 
KStreetHipster so are you for or against bombing such dens of irrational religiosity? 
stanveuger do they have self-driving gondolas yet? 
stanveuger sorry. Maybe they should build underwater cities dependent on dykes 
Lobbyists For Trump fundraiser planned 
Sad! 
stanveuger 
SmiloTweets KevinWGlass I haven't seen the show. Heard it's good. I have 5 kids though. 
I support Cruz, and I'm voting for Kasich on Tuesday  
KevinWGlass SmiloTweets I dislike Beyonce and Alexander Hamilton's policy framework. I should make a musical about this. Performative. 
There's probably no district-level polling data on Trump-Cruz-Kasich that's reliable, hunh? Makes strategic voting in Md. trickier. 
Inhofe says he endorsed John Kasich so he would be chosen as Donald Trump's VP 
MABlumenfeld a machine that produces corpses? 
It's a big hot take these days that we don't have enough logrolling/patronage. Chicago amp; NY should dispel the idea 
Crap. I totally missed Congress's vote on this! 
His concession speech is already written. 
Definitely a kenvogel volume in there 
PeteKDCNews you forgot Chartreusefield. 
sahilkapur sure it's not "Big League"? 
What Trump will change -- and what he won't. 
johntabin Silver Line has a Greensboro 
Navy Yard is solid. Crystal is not a color. 
Greenbelt, White Flint, Silver Spring, Greensboro, 
Off the top of your head name the Metro Stops with a color in the name. 
Clinton IT staffer refuses to testify after immunity deal 
PARSING THE POLLS: Trump's strong Indiana and California numbers pave path to 1,237 
Oh, I thought every was saying PRINT is dead. 
This is deflating 
JakeSherman justinamash There are a lot worse names to be called. 
We all agree that Ron Paul goes on the Trillion Dollar Coin, right? 
One Spanish company McGinty subsidized as a Pa. cabinet secretary later gave her a paid spot ($100k/yr) on its board 
ernietedeschi I'd say it depends on how close Trump is. 
jbarro If it's that close, then yeah, some Rubio types, Pa. types, other unpledged could give it to Trump in the first ballot. 
JeffSmithMO I think it's elite identity politics at play. McGinty is one of them. Sestak is very decidedly not. 
McGinty used govt jobs as springboards to corporate gigs. She also used one to help a nephew into Penn State. 
If Trump gets close enough to 1,237, the GOP powers that be--fearing unrest--will tweak things to ensure he wins. 
This coal lobbyist's glowing recommendation of Katie McGinty is startlingly candid. 
Your coal lobbyist boss said you were industry's woman inside the Administration 
Karl. 
Hopefully it's portraits of Gen Washington, John Paul Jones, amp; Winfield Scott. And it's dedicated to Thomas More. 
Of him? 
sethdmichaels do you ever worry that govt picking politically connected winners is drawing investment away from better technologies? 
Woman tries to close the trade deficit. Is punished. Make America Great Again 
sethdmichaels Terry Branstad is your hope? Sad! 
ISDM27 KStreetHipster Prince was to our sadness as Andrew Jackson was to the Indians. 
ISDM27 KStreetHipster I just want to know whether I should write a "Trump makes Republicans dumber" post or a "badly made polls" post. 
The GOP may rig the convention  in Trump's favor gt;gt; 
KStreetHipster have you found the wording or methodology of the poll? 
KStreetHipster no. I hadn't seen the poll. 
rortybomb pmarca why do Dimon and Blankfein say they do? 
KStreetHipster what poll? 
KStreetHipster That's lazy argumentation. It's barely even argumentation. It's just identity-politics trash talk. 
KStreetHipster Fine. Carson. You found a conservative famous for saying crazy stuff and attributed his latest crazy thing to "The Right"... 
KStreetHipster any actual conservatives? 
brianmcarney unlimited vacation isn't dumb. 
KStreetHipster who is? 
pmarca what's prompting this comment today? 
Maybe this strategy can work in the general election, too! 
This will be an office of the White House by the end of 2017 
The GOP may rig the convention  in Trump's favor  my column gt;gt; 
This is correct. 
lsdenison woodruffbets moms with kids are the worst. Especially with pony tails. 
KStreetHipster you are dead wrong. Have a nice day. 
If you were a state cabinet official endorsing your nephew's for a state university, wld you use state letterhead? 
Dem. McGinty's lobbyist boss explained how she was industry's woman in the Clinton WH 
I just did some math, and I think a Trump first-ballot victory is just above 50 likely. 
Can't find a single Whole Foods that will make my HAPPY CONFIRMATION WHORE OF BABYLON cake. 
Donna Edwards campaign lit created by a Salon dot Com headline-generator? 
You'll Never Guess Trump's Real Magic Number  (Actually, it's 1,200. Here's why) gt;gt; 
Pennsylvania voters: Katie McGinty is probably using you as a stepping stone to another lobbying job 
oneilohio Cleveland Browns, with 0 playoffs and one 10-6 season, are pretty strong contender, though. 
oneilohio Blue Jackets have had three winning seasons in past decade, including two playoff berths. Sorry. They lose at losing. 
oneilohio I was unaware there was a Columbus Blue Jackets. 
...also, their place in their division/conference. 
...my criteria, since we're comparing across sports, is not simply winning . But also seasons above .500 and making the playoffs. 
Minnesota Timberwolves finished 34 games below .500, cementing their position as the worst team of the decade in any major US sport. 
"Momentum" isn't always a meaningless term in politics. But it usually is, such as after Cruz won Wisconsin gt;gt; 
What 'momentum' means in politics  and why Cruz doesn't have it  
Prediction: A week from today, Bernie's out of the race. 
Iberdrola came to Pa, got corporate subsidies from McGinty who then got 6 figures on Iberdrola's board gt;gt; 
Clinton admin. pushed to ban CFC inhalers, then top enviro aide McGinty left to help Glaxo get bigger CFC allowances 
The revolving-door path Katie McGinty took to the Pennsylvania Senate race my column gt;gt; 
My column on the Pa. Senate race. 
The revolving-door path Katie McGinty took to the Pennsylvania Senate race  Washington Examiner 
I found the words "Crystal City is so cool" on the internet 
ZachWahls chrislhayes EsotericCD justkarl I was only surprised that some actual reporters tweeted it out uncritically. 
The Murky Goldman Unit Where Revenue Fell 95 
"Lazy Sunday" in 2005 was the first YouTube video I watched, I think. 
Can American Catholics be good citizens? My panel /RameshPonnuru amp; StephenWhite11 
WilliamFreeland A source of tension between jbouie's reasonable view amp; democratic sensibilities: gov't privileges parties in ballot access 
...I said, "bro, do you realize what you do in your downtime is what I get paid to do?" Congrats carney, on 10 years as journalist! 
... he asked "you think Arab oil money might be behind anti-drilling pushes in the U.S.?" Again, nothing to do with his job. Just an idea... 
... one night, I was at the office finishing the Evans-Novak Political Report, he called around 9 pm from work, waiting for discovery docs.. 
... it wasn't for the sake of work. Just as a hobby, carney the lawyer was interested in the intersection of business amp; government.... 
About John becoming a journalist: He used to call me, when stuck at work (lawfirm) late at night, and he'd be asking about FEC filings... 
"Just to put things in context: Donald Trump is perhaps the worlds most famous loan defaulter." 
Ten years ago, my brother John carney entered journalism. His first assignment: The launch of Trump Mortgage 
Old NYPD cop: "The wall that didn't go up ... at the border has gone up between the black community amp; the police" 
To my libertarian friends... 
MABlumenfeld only 2 godchildren? You sound pretty secular to me. 
So, thanks? 
INBOX: "U know I enjoyed the article, however I say ... f--k all u journalists who enable these domestic racist thugs...." 
davidharsanyi murder laws are just a loophole in Row v Wade, when you think about it. 
jsende ReformedBroker so, in the future there is only Sheetz? 
The media often practices antijournalism. The Trudeau-quantum-computing incident was a perfect example 
I think she's confused about which side engages in mass slaughter. 
This is right and it undermines nearly everything else written on Cruz w/r/t Texas's sex-toy ban gt;gt; 
The nomenclature on Hurricanes/Typhoons/Cyclones/Tropical Cyclones is absurd. 
So Whole Foods openly admits it won't bake Love Wins Fags cakes? Imposing its morality on everyone else, SMH. 
Longyuhang Sure, but it's not a real thing. It's like saying Sharia Law in the U.S. deserves scorn. 
Longyuhang Who is trying to ban sex toys today? 
Longyuhang Please define who is the extreme social con in your view. 
Longyuhang Do you go around scorning Victorians? 
...and (2) they have no compunction treating Christian conservatives with disdain and mockery. 
...2 results: (1) They don't understand conservative and Christian teachings, thus are ready to believe the worst about them... 
I bet most journalists under 35 have very few friends who attend church weekly, or who aim to abide by Christian teaching on sex. 
From juvenile "reporting" on sex-toy bans to credulity on the Austin Fag Cake, the media showing why it can't be trusted on social issues. 
Odds of this being a hoax of some sort? 
scottrgordon O.M.G. 
I'm going on MSNBC in a few. 
I hope to attend this: "Shakespeares Political Soul: What the Bard Teaches About Leadership" Eventbrite 
Chazperin KStreetHipster Yeah, but in DC, the city has worse schools, no woods, fewer playing fields, no back yard, more crime.... 
KStreetHipster see: 
KStreetHipster The people with kids have to move outside of London. 
KStreetHipster a smaller car wouldn't fit my wife amp; kids. Americans have bigger cars, and we also have bigger families. 
KStreetHipster come around to what? Leaving some of my kids behind? 
I went to NYC and spoke to some cops. I wrote this for you guys gt;gt; 
KStreetHipster you're not gonna heckle me for burning so much precious fluid? 
KStreetHipster I have a minivan. 
TheStalwart mattyglesias jneeley78 look up GHWBush and the supermarket scanner, for another example. 
TheStalwart mattyglesias jneeley78 it happens a good bit, Joe. It's anti-journalism. Some seem to thrive on it. 
But if there are no tracks in the pavement, where is the monument to the politicians and city planners? 
In the first weeks after abolishing paper farecards, this is a great sight at Glenmont Metro. 
Speaking of Boaty McBoatface, I'm confused why the Nats haven't been playing "When a Man Lives a Woman" after every home run. 
Sometimes reporters who know the truth seem dedicated to not reporting it accurately. 
keithintoronto is that pine? 
sethdmichaels I dunno. Public sector unions are often the biggest campaign spenders. And US Chamber lobbies hard for more infrastructure $ 
Komodo Dragonflying Squirrel 
davidsirota Siri, what happens if I stick a fork in the toaster? 
Is there a way to find gasoline sans ethanol? 
Fact: I still owe dandrezner 2 beers. 
Decentish point. 
dreamshakin nah uhh. 
And one is NOT allowed to give safety advice. Ever. 
Alex Burns is wrong. 
I guess I need to write why votes are nor endorsements. 
1) Sanders is a socialist who opposes charity. 2) To be fair, not all charitable gifts are tax deductible. 
Montgomery County, Maryland, has outlawed minors using tanning beds. 
jennyrogersDC Okay, fair correction. It's a noncommittal reply to an awful, fascistic suggestion. 
"There's no evidence that Trump supporters would be energized by a more faithful adherence to the U.S. Constitution" 
jennyrogersDC Bill Nye advocates jail time for people who disagree with him on climate science. Hardly a lovable figure. 
Is this totally legal? In whose name will the donation be made? 
Apologies for the unclarity. Only the bras, not the tatooed barmaids, hang from the wooden chandelier at The Patriot 
When I was a kid, Bob McKenna saved my NYC neighborhood. I talked Trump amp; Black Lives Matter with Lt. McKenna gt;gt; 
Barbaric abuse of power to the extreme gt;gt; Prison employee charged with sexually assaulting inmate in her cell: 
JustinRaimondo Thanks, Justin 
Fertility App Almost As Effective As Contraceptive Pill In Preventing Pregnancies, Study Finds// hmm... 
Bob McKenna is a retired white Trump-voting cop from Staten Island. And he's calling for peace in our cities gt;gt; 
...you can guess the result: teacher and most students were stuck on the platform, while the train pulled away with a few of the students. 
...a HS class was walking/running down the platform, and the teacher yelled, "relax, we have 7 minutes. 7 minutes. Just walk to the front".. 
Glenmont is the end of the Red Line. The displays are wrong on when the next train will leave about 90 of the time. So today.... 
nickconfessore Ask about their abortion absolutism, why they think minimum wage won't cost jobs, whether christians have any conscience rts 
jpodhoretz Thanks, man. 
In Trump country, an old cop hopes a wall comes down // my column gt;gt; by TPCarney 
codyave yup. This guy I know. 
Does Maryland still have its 2-party consent wiretap laws? 
AlyssaEinDC panerabread MAGA 
sethdmichaels also, for many of us, a wedding is a sacrament, both joyous and somber. 
sethdmichaels I love weddings. At worst, they're a bit boring. 
KStreetHipster, sorry, I mean Hylarri. 
KStreetHipster and Hillary still says it was an awesome war. 
MTMehan michaelbd 
MTMehan michaelbd 
michaelbd well, it is. 
klejdys Exactly. I move at a leisurely pace. I've got no problem, in the autumn of my life, soaking up a 6-second video. 
...and my original understanding of Snapchat was that it was a way for kids to pass stupid photos that would self-destruct. So, I'm confused 
...it's "awesome snapchat of NCAA winning shot!" It was a low-res photo from a fan. Or "great snapchat of Kobe." It was a photo of Kobe. 
Every time some has linked to a snapchat that was supposedly great, it seemed to me to just be a picture. Maybe with words.  
Remember when Jeff Immelt, the CEO of the company owning NBC, was Obama's point man for industrial policy, jayrosen_nyu dankennedy_nu? 
EzraPCole robertwolf32 Not that there's anything wrong with that! 
ai002h robertwolf32 SeekingAlpha yes. Dems want more govt. GOP wants private profits.Get govt spending to private firms...bipartisanship! 
...will your firm make money off of a US infrastructure bank, robertwolf32? 
robertwolf32, your firm is designed to profit as a middleman in public-private partnerships such as an infrastructure bank, no? So... 
jesseberney oh. Mine was vomit. 
The enthusiasm of the politically connected would-be middlemen tells you where much of this money would end up gt;gt; 
So Trump's difficulty with the rules is making jbarro sympathetic to Democracy. 
jesseberney was it vomit? 
Kobe Bryant is 9 days younger than I am. You didn't see *me* retiring 9 days ago. 
Why is Tax Day on April 18? 
Laura Willson waited 19 hours to get into the Bernie Sanders rally 
Whoa. 
Meet Laura Willson, who has been waiting for 17 hours to get into the Bernie Sanders rally that begins in 2 hours 
matthewhurtt sweet tea is gross. 
Washington Sq. Park. 
Bernistan. Sad! 
The Bernie Sanders rally starts at 7 pm, but they've already closed Washington Square Park entirely. 
How do you say "We used to *make* things here," in Chinese? 
wilsonkanaday you like the cheese curds in the background? 
KStreetHipster brilliant 
PhillyCook Vetri looks awesome. Thanks! 
FranklinH3000 PhillyCook good points. And does Philly have any good pizza? 
I think "AP" is supposed to be capitalized. 
PhillyCook JSwiftTWS That's not a complete sentence. 
PhillyCook JSwiftTWS You should begin your sentences with capital letters. 
A President Trump would be a dangerous, but not for the reason you think 
Edsall no. I'm being ironic here. I think government should try to avoid compelling service 
Man, I hope 100 of readers will understand that last tweet was a joke. 
"I ... will emerge as our party's nominee. I want to ... accept the Republican nomination.... to the delegates... choose ... me...." 
Why does Bruce Springsteen have the right to deny service based on his own conscience? 
Krugman will explain that this is because liberals are smart enough to know to have very few conservative friends. 
jacqklimas SpeakerRyan Spotify JRussellMI Kyle_Feldscher that was a great moment in music. 
Defeating the purpose of the inflight meal, which is deferring the boredom of a long flight. 
rschles who should be in line of succession? 
jbouie I got this yesterday: a Trumper tsk tsking me for linking to the liberal media so credulously. (It was my story.) 
JoshuaGreen sahilkapur SeanTrende Rick Scott would be fitting. 
When Bush used the word "crusade" after 9/11, did it have real effects, positive or negative? 
Ipsums_Lorum Thanks! 
'Equal Pay For Equal Work' is a silly notion  
When your euphemism ("gun control") needs a euphemism ("gun safety") that's a sign your policy grates on people's principles. 
travton That blogpost is not the easiest thing to read. 
travton Do you know him? Is really the gem that they say he is? 
"Everybody else has shortcomings except Joe Sestak  just ask him." 
He's an admiral. He's twice beaten incumbents. And the Dem establishment is doing everything they can to stop him: 
I need a landscaper type to shore up a retaining wall in MoCoMd. Any recommendations? 
MattWelch I dreamed that you and I started a baseball team. First inning of first game, we batted around. 
JWGOP HotlineJosh sahilkapur SeanTrende so will he begin criticizing Trump, or just keep criticizing those who criticize Trump? 
sahilkapur SeanTrende ...Kasich is near the end of his political usefulness. Plus, he's been very deferential to Trump in debates. 
sahilkapur SeanTrende Rubio has a future, which he'd burn in a run w/Trump. Also, Rubio amp; Walker seem to dislike Trump.... 
sahilkapur SeanTrende By a mile the most likely of the three. 
In the UK, poor white kids are being left behind. This writer suggests it's because they lack "a story" 
ernietedeschi Should I write my Whiskey Rebellion column? 
Ever had a great story idea, google it, and find a far better writer wrote it four months ago? 
Dub step and the Harlem Shake came and went without my familiarizing myself with them. Hamilton, too, shall pass. 
This could be true, and NY guns could still be responsible for 20X as many NY crimes as Vt. guns. Via sahilkapur 
politiCOHEN_ I am! 
KatieMcGintyPA what health care services? 
KevinWGlass I couldn't get a decent cheesesteak in Erie. 
KevinWGlass went to Watertown NY and griped about the bagels. 
KevinWGlass man not close to Bay curses lack of product from Bay. 
bmcsmith92 look out for the bathroom valets. 
I make mistakes, too, GlennThrush, but this doesn't resemble any case I can think of. It's not as if you confused a photographer w/HobLobby 
ReaganDem4Trump what are you talking about? 
brianbeutler so you're saying the honeymoon's over? 
politico is a good paper. I expect they'll very quickly correct that glennthrush error. That it happened is telling, though. 
Honestly. They cannot comprehend the conscience objections of religious conservatives, do they can't explain them. Or keep them straight. 
The media antipathy towards religious liberty is such that they don't care about the facts. 
Donald Trump cannot win a general election, folks. 
KStreetHipster I bet there's data on time spent doing tangential crap. That would be interesting to see. 
No, Trump Can't Win a General Election 
Kevin0point05 I've got one. Used on my old place. Loved it. Bigger lawn here with more variety in grass types. 
Oglebay What's wrong with the wheels? 
CommodoreBTC I've got a thing against armed robots. 
I have a negative association with self-propelled mowers. I got a free one I have now. It's so heavy, and not worth it. Irrational? 
Obama! 
norm_ray I've never fertilized. 
norm_ray Okay, maybe I used the wrong word. I meant the dead grass that gets stuck together and forms a layer around the grass 
TheKenSloat Model? 
I still think it happened this way: "Maybe our state *likes* that Crist is creepy amp; slimy." "So let's run someone even worse" "I know a guy" 
jackshafer You know, I wasn't counting on your assistance in this matter. 
...or would you buy a cordless electric mower? 
SethAMandel KevinNR it's the dog that finally caught the ambulance. 
If you were to buy a basic gas-powered mower, what would you buy? And can mulching mowers avoid creating thatch all over the lawn? 
chrisrlloyd lying is generally unethical. 
daveweigel half of that poll was before Wis results. 
laurakfillault I think the answer is: "depends on if its Belichik or not." 
The ethics of sports pr is interesting. If, before a title game, a coach lied to the press to throw off the other team, is that unethical? 
If "100 correct" is "beyond absurd," then she's right. 
This is my state government. So dedicated to good government we East Coast elites are 
EricaGrieder I miss the feel of a D12 
GaryBowyer4 you should do a correlation of expense drop to number of children. 
MTMehan MZHemingway DouthatNYT chrislhayes The spherical shape of the Earth was well known by Aristotle's time, no? 
GaryBowyer4 But having 5 kids vastly increases my expenses today. How will it increase my expenses in retirement? 
Those calculators that base your retirement spending on your current spending seem odd. I won't be feeding/schooling 5 kids in retirement. 
RandyEBarnett these tweets are going to get the AG of the Virgin Islands coming after me, aren't they? 
FeitElectricInc, so for the record, I replaced that bulb which lasted less than a month with another one this morning. Will it last to May? 
"Hey, here's cutting edge technology, new to consumers. It'll last 9 years!" Who trusts a claim like that? Somehow I did. 
I'll admit I'm also disappointed in myself: I *believed* that these LEDs would deliver what the companies amp; the Obama admin promised. 
Yes, I'm disappointed with FeitElectricInc, but I'm also pissed at RepFredUpton for forcing this expensive, failed bulbs on me. 
Correction: that FeitElectricInc LED that was supposed to last 9 yrs, lasted less than a month. It replaced this: 
It appears that Feit LED bulb lasted 3 months. Thanks, Congress! 
Have you heard of "Julia"? 
PolitiDOOM i think you are misreading. 
overlayered it's not. A good business model. It just seems to clash with discrimination law. 
This can't be legal. 
You're welcome. But I only helped because the alternative was a tax evasion prosecution. 
Opening Day. 
Reminder of what sort of a person she is. 
Heckuva job, Hillary. 
This was TheStalwart back at Thanksgiving 
jonathanchait RichLowry alexburnsNYT realDonaldTrump This tweet was correct but overstated. 
JayCostTWS I favorite most prediction tweets I see. Sometimes I go through and mock the wrong ones. 
SonnyBunch Good tweet, by the way. 
JayCostTWS Survey says... XXXX 
"Robot cars will improve your life!" Will they be compatible with my neighborhood? "Oh, we'll have to change your whole neighborhood." 
Making entitlements sustainable? "Realistically, it's not going to happen," says Ed Markey 
TheStalwart towards Erskine Bowles, maybe. 
TheStalwart kind of related: I think often the biggest bias of the DC press corps isn't Left but "Washington Needs to Address This Problem" 
TheStalwart So the sweet spot where David Brooks his bosses at the NYT editorial page overlap. 
Sec. Pritzker is holding three envelopes on her left hand during this talk. It looks like a paper version of Wolverine claws. 
TheStalwart Was the show tilted bad to the Left? I always heard it was only a slight tilt. 
One cheer for GE's Jeff Immelt  He's correct to defend capitalism, but... 
TheStalwart Got it. If anyone ever says you're more NY than I am, I'll now know what they mean. 
TheStalwart I've never watched the West Wing. What's the story? 
Everything every conservative ever says is racist, 
Argentina's president lobbied the U.S. government to restore Ex-Im, Pritzker says. This contradicts half the Dem rhetoric from 2015. 
"I don't get it," Pritzker says of Ex-Im opposition among conservatives. 
"It's really critical that we get Ex-Im back on the playing field," Sec. Pritzker says at Ex-Im annual conference. 
Doug Palmer of Politico on stage at Ex-Im conference interviewing U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker. 
Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker will take the stage soon as the curtain-closer on Ex-Im's annual conference. 
Acrow Bridge wins Ex-Im "Deal of the Year." Ex-Im guaranteed a Societe General loan to finance Cameroon's Gov't purchase of U.S-made bridges 
Texas Association of Manufacturers is the third and final winner of Ex-Im's "chairman's award," for lobbying for Ex-Im renewal. 
Texas Association of Business also wins Ex-Im's "Chairman's Award." This group fought w/Ted Cruz amp; Jeb Hensarling over export subsidies. 
First winner of Chairman's Award goes to Washington State's business lobby. Washington is the home of an aircraft manufacturer. 
Now fredhochberg presents it's "chairman's award" for organizations that lobby for Ex-Im's renewal. 
Ex-Im VP presents agency's "Deal of the Year." Last year, it was for a subsidy for a wind farm already operating: 
Taxpayers Are Footing Bill for Solar Project That Doesn't Work (unless you want some cooked bird) 
That may be an Adele song coming on in the ball room at the Ex-Im annual conference. 
It's almost like Krugman's pronouncements are more about political warfare than good policy or fair debate. 
KStreetHipster What about people who are more consistent spellers than you are? 
I asked CEO Liveris if Dow's lobbying vs gas exports conflicted w/Ex-Im's pro-export message. Said he was in too much of a hurry to answer. 
"The new world order of business is collaborative between business, government, and civil society." -Dow CEO Liveris 
Dow CEO lauds "entrepreneurial activity of the oil and gas industry" whom he tried to ban from exporting their product. 
Corrected: "This whole internet of things, we just need to be driving the hell out of it in this country..." Honeywell CEO Cote 
QuenaGonzalez typo. 
Dow is not only an Ex-Im-backed exporter, it's also an Ex-Im-subsidized foreign buyer, in Saudi Arabia. 
Honeywell CEO says China or Brazil "absolutely will" compete with Boeing and Airbus on wide-bodied jets. 
USTR Froman says none of the Presidential candidates have called him for a briefing on TPP. 
"US Ex-Im is not Bank of Boeing," Dow CEO Andrew Liveris says. 
This is some terrifying McCarthyite crap from Dem AGs. 
Didn't he just answer that ? 
Guess he had it coming. 
davidaxelrod Cubs since 1995? Wow. That's a really long time. 
AnthonyKPalazzo if rule 40b us in place, it could free the delegates bound to ineligible candidates (Kasich, Rubio). 
Depending on the rules, Cruz winning on the first ballot isn't out of the question. 
jesseberney not really. When pluralizing a letter, it makes sense. 
nickconfessore it's normal if you have normal-sized hands. 
"A despot easily forgives his subjects for not loving him, provided they do not love each other." -Tocqueville 
Probably my favorite Trumpkin response to my piece. Such elitist disdain by this billionaire-worshipper: 
SheboyganDude thanks. I'll tweet it out next time I'm doing to Judi's 
Funny_Girl_1956 what town? 
TmBttn but why would you ever shape metal that way? 
jbarro what if I say "I plan to vote for" someone? 
What would you guess this is? 
The deserving vs. the undeserving: The tricky line to walk in Trump's America  L 
'We basically do the same exact thing': Private financier sees Export-Import Bank as competitor  
I think of my 6 neighbors, only one is a non-immigrant family. That won't matter to the Trumpkins 
ArthurDelaneyHP Dippin Dots are the ice cream of the future. 
How long would it take Stef Curry to get awesome at golf? Bryce Harper? Lionel Messi? 
ArthurDelaneyHP Yeah. And I could imagine someone declaring cheese curds are junkfood. 
ArthurDelaneyHP these libertarians.... 
Was the Internet of Things for consumers overrated? 
binarybits I don't need my lock to talk to my thermostat. I'd just love one app that controls heat/doors/lights/cams. 
jbarro Were I in NYC, it would be pizza. But I was just in Wisconsin, and they have this one dish... 
Demographic suicide on Puerto Rico gt;gt; 
jbarro I doubt you're a big pastry consumer. 
zachdcarter The Little Sisters of the Poor are slowing his march a bit. 
jebediahreed you KNOW it. 
The enemy of the state is not the individual. It is civil society. 
Recall, Bernie Sanders has said he opposes charity. 
When was the last time we won anything? 
gabriellahope_ Did you answer? 
If only liberals spent less time trying to shut down pro-life pregnancy centers amp; fine nuns who help the poor 
This is one of the most ignorant things I've ever read. 
This is like Obama 2008 opposing gay marriage. Many of her supporters happily know this is bogus. 
wilsonkanaday that's my job! 
I couldn't get in a Q to Boeing's CEO at Ex-Im. Another reporter was blocked from Bank of America's CEO gt;gt; 
Hamre: "I think the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank is a national security issue." Boeing CEO: "I agree 100." 
Hillary won the NYC vote by needing to swipe twice. 
Boeing CEO hopeful that Congress will move beyond sequestration. "We do see international growth in the defense business, too." 
John Hamre of CSIS interviewing Boeing CEO at Ex-Im conf. To its credit, CSIS discloses its $200k+ gift from Boeing 
"We have about 5,800 aircraft in backlog," Boeing CEO Muilenberg says. 
"It's important ... that we support free trade," Boeing CEO Muilenberg says after defending Ex-Im. 
The Ex-Im annual conference hasn't really been a pro-Ex-Im pep rally until now, when Boeing CEO takes the stage w/John Hamre of CSIS. 
"We are starting to lose deals," Boeing CEO says, because the Ex-Im board isn't fully manned, blocking very large finance deals. 
Boeing CEO: "In particular, I want to recognize Senator McConnell on the Senate side for letting reauthorization vote" come to the floor. 
"I can't think of a better investment for a country," Boeing CEO says of Ex-Im. 
"It doesn't ... provide a unique advantage to Boeing company," Boeing CEO says of Ex-Im 
"Nothing could be farther from the truth" Boeing CEO says about Ex-Im being Crony Capitalism. 
"The Export-Import Bank is a very important part in how we do our business," Boeing's CEO says. "It's more important than ever." 
Dennis Muilenberg, Boeing's new CEO takes the stage at the Ex-Im annual conference." 
BenDWalsh What would you say, if you were Moynihan? 
BenDWalsh He was asked the question. He had to answer. 
"I think it's more important to understand politics than economic," says V Shankar, of Private Equity firm Gateway Partners. 
Moynihan pushing the view Geithner holds: We Need Big Banks. 
Moynihan: "From a policy standpoint, would you rather have banks that can get it right over time, or a bunch of divided money." 
At least three outlets have published this same niggling fact change. Must be fed them by Correct The Record 
"I really don't think it's the right thing for customers and clients," Bank of America CEO Moynihan says, about breaking up the banks. 
Brian Moynihan refuses to comment on Trump's odds in the primary and the general election. 
dylanmac mattyglesias For some yes. For some no. 
Immelt is baiting me. 
michaelbd I once got an email from someone telling me I had changed his mind. It was awesome. Also the only time, I think. 
mattyglesias They have their own sources of lift (the erosion of racial barriers) that white working class don't enjoy. 
rickhasen jadler1969 Ah, yes. 
rickhasen jadler1969 Corporate lobbying--esp. considering the lure of the revolving door--poses a far greater threat of corruption, no? 
Ipsums_Lorum gracias 
GerryDales thanks. 
Not all of America is coming apart. After spending two days in this small town, I was unsurprised Trump got only 15 
Very telling response from a Trump fan 
AryehCW I could definitely write on that. 
OOSTBURG, WI--Neighborliness, faith, and family are the antidote to Trumpism. 
wilsonkanaday guidos and the klan, mostly. 
MABlumenfeld ByronYork yup. If ARG only had one more day to poll, and if Cruz hadn't cheated... 
Campaign statements that read as a storified Tweetstorm of a sad troll gt;gt; 
Here's a good curtain-closer on Wisconsin, from ByronYork 
awzurcher Awesome. Wish I had had some brat. 
I often cast protest votes. I have friends who voted for Rand in Va. A Kasich vote is the same: just a protest vote 
stuartpstevens Thanks. I coulda written 4000 words on this. 
Skillet at Judi's Bar Mix Bag of curds Fried Curds in Waukesha Curd bag Fried Curds in MKE Fried Curds in MKE Skillet Fried Curds Curd bag 
ChasFlemming SalenaZitoTrib ron_fournier Dank Je! 
samsteinhp more like  
samsteinhp yeah. Bad advice. 
Kasich has more 5th-place finishes than 2nd-place finishes. And he just finished third again in the Midwest gt;gt; 
norm_ray thanks. 
MTMehan ha! 
pythonrocksnake Thanks, man. 
Be the first today to read my column on what Wisconsin Nice actually means--and why it's the antidote to Trump gt;gt; 
ChuckinTucson thanks. 
Ted Cruz won 74 in this Wisconsin town, and the result explains a lot about why America is coming apart. 
OOSTBURG, WIS.-- In America's strong small towns, Trump's anger fails to resonate. // My column gt;gt; 
Ted Cruz = Et curdz 
MTMehan v unlikely. 
Cruz will not get a majority of delegates before Cleveland, barring the unimaginable. 
Scott Walker is so low-key and regular it's almost jarring. 
MILWAUKEE--"On Wisconsin" strikes up as Walker takes the stage at Cruz victory party. 
The talk of a Cruz clean-sweep of Wis. delegates seems far-fetched. For one, I doubt he can carry the 3rd District. 
UPDATE: I have now had a significant number of pizza cheese curds. 
LuciusCoverdale good, because it's a cheese curd. Not good as far as cheese curds go. 
I just had my first pizza-flavored cheese curd. 
In Emerson's poll, Trump's strongest district is Ron Kind's 3rd CD--LaCrosse, and western Wisconsin. 
Very high margin of error on this, but Emerson poll last week had Cruz winning 6 of 8 of Milwaukee's congressional districts. 
nickconfessore PRACTICING WITHOUT A LICENSE 
You need to be able to respect people even when their views are desperately wrong gt;gt; 
I suppose I could fry my own cheese curds. 
Ted Cruz tomorrow will head to the world capital of Rafael Cruzes. 
Abortion tweet doesn't use word abortion. 
wilsonkanaday NateSilver538 I think that's correct. 
liblover9 Oh. Milwaukee. 
liblover9 Near the chandelier, right next to the CNN guy. 
chrislhayes I don't think Snapchat works for people my age. 
More camera crews than space on the camera risers here at Cruz Wisconsin victory party. Trouble. 
Milwaukee 
jbarro I already bought a seatbelt after New Hampshire. 
That bag of fresh cheese curds from Gibbsville--I ate that while driving around the state. I will have to buy a bag to bring home. 
...curds at the Lake Front Brewery. (Yes, two.) And now an order at Judi's place in Oostburg. 
...an order of fried cheese curds at Mainstream Pub in Waukesha, fresh cheescurds from Gibbsville cheese shop, two orders of fried cheese... 
jbarro Proud to march by your side in that parade, comrade buzzkill. 
OOSTBURG--You don't understand how many cheese curds I've eaten. 
jimantle You mean your cheese curds. I've had so many. I am kind of a human experiment right now. 
Reminder: There will be no news until polls close at 8 pm central time. Stories of turnout, yard signs, et cetera are meaningless. 
The most recent poll from Wisconsin shows Trump winning. The others show Cruz, significantly up gt;gt; 
Port Washington, Wisconsin 
So one poll out of 8 in Wisconsin shows Trump winning. Big. It has the smallest sample size, but is most recent gt;gt; 
PARSING THE POLLS: Trump Threatens Upset in Wisconsin 
nickgillespie MZHemingway any legal system it idea of justice holds different people in different levels of culpability. 
AlexaMRomero I was mostly commenting on the disingenuous phrasing of a "tampon tax" 
I've settled on one order per shift of waitress. 
Can we repeal the cheese curd tax, too? And the baseball glove tax? 
Is there a limit to how much poundage you should eat in cheese curds? 
Cruz: Trump's abortion remarks "the comments of a liberal who is saying what he thinks conservatives want to hear." 
jebmke Carpet bombing does seem less than pro-life, yes. 
richisglorious I always jump the gun on that. Never follow me for gardening advice. 
'We should protect all life': Cruz's consistent pro-life stance contrasts with 'bizarre' Trump fits  
'We should protect all life': Cruz's consistent pro-life stance contrasts with 'bizarre' Trump fits  
This is something. 
jks417 adamhousley MLB MLBTV That would be nice. 
Trump's Cruz imitation is identical to his Jeb imitation, I think. 
I'm pretty sure I just saw pterodactyl Waukesha County 
Disclosure: Cruz, like me, loves cheese. 
Walker and Cruz both dodge  question after barrage from Kelly. "I tried," she shouts upon cut to commercial. 
"We can't forfeit the election" Cruz on Trump. 
"It ain't gonna happen," Cruz said of nominating Ryan/Kasich/etc "If it did, the people would quite rightly revolt." 
Pro-choicer asks Cruz about abortion. He says (1) we should protect all life. (2) it should be a state issue. (3) we should win hearts/minds 
MTMehan Where'd you read that? 
Cruz rejects as an establishment "pipe dream," the notion of a "white knight" candidate coming in at the convention 
NEW, from Wisconsin: Cruz on a contested convention: It's either Cruz, Trump, or 'the people will ... revolt' 
alittlelilypad I'd like to see your math why you think he's on a path to win 1237. I don't see it. 
Third-party run, for starters. 
Trump's best hope is to threaten GOP officials so that they tilt the convention rules and conduct in Trump's favor. 
*I gave to Hillary because that's the game. I play the game. People say I play it the best.---Cruz is playing games w/delegates! Not Fair!* 
pegobry In Vino Veritas, as they say in French. 
You can tell the Frenchman has been drinking the vino already when he tweets "I am not a pink fish." 
Cruz snaring Trump's Arizona delegates 
Does Blevins weigh 145 pounds? 
jillehrlich chrislhayes it reflects the degree to which love is a choice and an action--and one separated from the analytical function. 
nygrlnla I was subtweeting Drake it turns out. 
chrislhayes it's perfect. 
SethAMandel seems like a fun guy. 
I believe I heard a lyric today: "Even if you were a twin, you're the one I'd love." I really think this is crucial to understanding love. 
Literally the truest thing Sonny has ever written. 
Bartolo *would* try to call off Wright. 
I feel like we don't spend enough time talking about how Cespedes shoulda caught that 1st inning game-one leadoff HR. 
EsotericCD So I could go on for hours just pestering my kids about a lake/pond/sea distinction. 
EsotericCD Half of my parenting is convincing my kids that most "definitions" are for pragmatic purposes, and not ontological claims. 
EsotericCD Did you have a definition for a lake? 
Greg651 thank God. 
Just please tell me Clippard isn't on the roster anymore. Please. 
CathyYoung63 SykesCharlie There we go. Charlie the man, she finds tolerable. 
7im it's the health of the state, baby... 
This is too juicy for me to believe wholesale, but wow. 
MikeNeedham Teething's the best. 
jks417 you're a woman aren't you? 
SykesCharlie I'm pretty sure that, grammatically, she called you a woman. 
heathbrown They really are. 
Is this purgatory? Do we have to play the Royals for every game for a thousand years? 
dansheehan well, Poop Cruz, actually. 
We've done all the "Cruz Missile" and "Cruz Control" jokes. Have we explored "Cleaning Cruz" "Tom Cruz" "Penelope Cruz" "Poop Crews"? 
TobacconistPhil IllinoisEric89 Yeah. It was a really awkward moment. 
Is Waukesha Kasich country? The most popular bar here is called the "Mainstream Bar amp; Grill." 
Now he's saying Cruz only won Iowa by cheating. "They should've disqualified him..." 
Trump holds up a chart that's about 11" X 17" 
Cruz crushes in North Dakota 
"I haven't had to advertise a lot, because I get a lot of free advertising," Trump says. 
I think the protestors are waiting for him to mention immigration. 
"... It's really not fair..." Trump says about Kasich. 
Now Trump complaining "he shouldn't be in..." 
Trump on Kasich: "he hurts me more than he hurts Cruz." 
Trump says the "lobbyists an special interests...all want Cruz to win." 
granic1962 Bencjacobs would that be a silot? 
Trump going on about how the Shell Houston Open ended. 
Trump starts about 8 minutes earlier. 
"Ted Cruz is endorsed by open-borders advocate Lindsey Graham," Trump spokesman says. 
Stephen Miller of the Trump campaign brings up "national enquirer story" "DC madam story," at Milwaukee rally. 
RejinathR that was when I thought Trump would be the nominee. 
So he controls the nukes. 
"His radical Wall Street agenda will break the back of this middle class... Globalist financiers...." Trump's Miller on Cruz. 
Stephen Miller of Trump's campaign calls Cruz "Goldman Sachs' favorite senator" 
sethdmichaels what is this? 
MattWelch MIA LOL. 
DraftRyan2016 nice. 
DraftRyan2016 
Make America Flow with Milk and Honey Again  The yarmulke salesman who says he's found Trump's path to the WH gt;gt; 
The correlation between Rockstar drink consumption and Trump support? 
First in line for Trump's MKE rally. Got here 9:30. 
Yamilrx Sure, but--even granting monogamy--you could easily have more than 10 of a decade on paternity leave. 
AllieRenison we all have our bugbears. 
AllieRenison "blunter" means more neutral. I don't think that's bad. But tariffs also affect all imports, while Ex-Im is only 2 of exports 
This is precisely the language Obama and crew use to justify subsidies for Boeing, GE, and JP Morgan. 
So there's no limit to how many of these mandatory-paid paternity leaves one can take in NYS? 
Secularism, explained. 
dandrezner felixsalmon mean average is a really dumb statistic, though. 
dandrezner felixsalmon while league average (mean avg weighted by at-bats) was .251. 
dandrezner felixsalmon Median MLB batting average last year was about .224. Mean was .194. 
dandrezner you are a good man. 
Cool with Hillary's eminent domain, curbing the 1st Amdt, guest-workers, and abortion? There's another candidate for you! 
Trump the intolerable  
Killing millions of babies per year? Tens of thousands after viability? Trump is cool with that. 
ArthurDelaneyHP kate_sheppard cabs... Sigh. The carbon footprint. 
KStreetHipster that's beautiful. 
Casualty gap. 
Good. Government should accommodate religious practices whenever possible. 
matthewmanda I love new tech. I don't think we should subsidize high-end consumer goods. 
pegobry chrislhayes ... but govt subsidies are created as if they can--and should--replace the real thing in all cases. 
matthewmanda YIKES! Do you drive a Sherman tank? Or do you take the route through Buffalo. 
pegobry chrislhayes I see plug-ins the same way I see ethanol: they can very usefully replace the real thing in limited cases... 
samboykin I'm not even saying Columbia shouldn't have taken the money. I just think it should be noted. 
chrislhayes I was just about to compliment you on your white privilege tweet from earlier. 
samboykin Oh, sure, they should do what they want. 
Yamilrx Because electricity is free? 
samboykin Columbia Journalism School? 
Someone invented a car that can almost go all the way from NYC to DC in one day. And it costs only about 20 months of disposable income! 
samboykin Seems like a potential conflict of interest. Would certainly be reported as one were the industries flipped. 
Here, Byron York reports from Milwaukee: 
The Rockefeller Family Fund is invested long on green energy. It also funded anti-fossil-fuel journalism at Columbia U. 
mattyglesias Part of the 90 minutes is time they would have spent waiting in line anyway. 
ryanbeckwith Christie'll just shut it down. 
portiaconant Yeah. That's what I'm thinking. 
Obama and Biden just endorsed in the Pa. Senate primary. Their candidate: a revolving-door drug lobbyist 
Tom Daschle has been a policy advisor at a lobbying firm, meeting with WH officials on policy. But NOT a lobbyist 
In Sweden, every child is eligible for a voucher to attend any public or private (including religious) school 
Obama endorses a revolving-door drug lobbyist for Sen. the same week his confidant finally cops to being a lobbyist: 
scottlincicome he's already making America Great Again! 
bmcsmith92 you should retweet that 365 days a year. 
So why are Democrats, also, insistent on nominating a disliked untrustworthy candidate? 
On April Fool's, honoring a fool: Manute Bol: A Fool for Christ gt;gt; 
ReddTrain JeffreyCarlisle thanks. All I had read so far was political and news reporters tweeting "get em girls!" 
Has anyone written an article on the merits of the soccer pay discrimination case? 
Near-record corporate profits strike me as a sign of economic malady. 
The GOP is the NY Jets of politics 
People, thank you. We raised enough just last night to get my nephew his specially equipped bike. Very heartwarming. 
charlesmurray Edsall never mind. It's inconsiderate of me to confuse the elderly with jokes. 
charlesmurray Edsall this is the new transit system in Newton. 
DallasDiGiovann thanks so much. 
michaelbd JayCostTWS charlescwcooke I don't recall: did Hannity go to bat for Specter over Toomey in 2004 ? 
So. Should I start some Twitter fights, or read "Coming Apart"? 
NYarvin They are the nastiest 
TreyGraves2 Thanks, Trey. Let me know how the bike works in Amsterdam. 
alittlelilypad Thanks! I appreciate it. 
Patrick has cerebral palsy. This specially fitted bike costs about $6,100. You can help buy it for him. 
Hey. Many of you voted for my nephew to win a special bike. He didn't win. My mom is raising money to buy it for him 
Obama endorses a revolving-door drug lobbyist for Sen. the same week his confidant finally cops to being a lobbyist 
Obama and crew cop to lobbyist love  my column gt;gt; 
So, the secret Canadian Girlfriend isn't always a myth! jeremylottdiary 
I join Elise on team curmudgeon here. 
Can Labor deliver a Sanders surprise in Pa.? 
I spoke about white working class struggles and Trump, with swinshi on FDRLST Radio gt;gt; 
alanagoodman jpodhoretz Good call. 
alanagoodman come on. That's a smutty unethical story. 
Hillary Clinton has a bold plan to rein in the 1st Amendment. Trump does, too. gt;gt; 
crobmatthews FortuneMagazine because Trump, right? 
Kyle_Feldscher if jkirchick says it, it is so. 
alweaver22 Ah. I forgot about IC. 
alweaver22 Single most overrated thing about Pittsburgh. 
now THAT's illegal, too? 
Is this true!? Why didn't anyone tell me I was *hired*?! 
DanielHofheinz Trump is not pro life. 
JoelShoe you went to law school, right? Remember that state of mind affects culpability? 
Outlawing abortion isn't the same as, and doesn't imply, prosecuting women. Hillary's people will wave this away. The media will follow her. 
ImDavidDunn PolitiDOOM HillaryClinton yes. Mostly because abortion will still be totally legal in half the country. 
PolitiDOOM outlawing abortion is good. The abortionists are the perpetrators. 
PolitiDOOM HillaryClinton I am the Right Wing on abortion. None of us want to prosecute mothers! 
ObsoleteDogma seems I was wrong about that! 
afrakt icer_review does that depict blood in liquid? 
Ban the Box is problematic because of the persistent criminality gap between men and women gt;gt; 
gregspeed12 Are you unable to say "abortion?" And do you think abortionists who break the law should be prosecuted? 
gregspeed12 Because Cruz (a) is consistently pro life (b) doesn't want to prosecute women who have abortions; Trump is different on both. 
Hillary is gracious enough, I imagine, to say the DC primary vote shouldn't count, try to arrange a new one. 
gregspeed12 Okay. Babies are human beings even in their wombs. Killing them is bad. The government should protect those babies. 
AlexNowrasteh IRL ones yes. Twitter ones no. 
gregspeed12 Punishment for doctors who perform illegal abortions? I don't know. I'm not a criminal law expert. 
gregspeed12 I've missed some context here. Why are we talking about contraception? Some earlier tweet may have been lost in a canoe. 
I've been called a "ho," told I was hot, told I had "cuckface" in the past 24 hours--all by Trump supporters, of course. 
gregspeed12 I didn't understand your question. 
gregspeed12 do you believe abortion of a healthy baby at 9 months should be legal in all cases? 
You tell me! 
zachdcarter FOIA is probably McCarthyism, too. 
This is a dumb and/or dishonest thing to say. And I've seen mainstream reporters suggest it today. 
jbarro even when you eat it with a spoon? 
But for Ohio, he'd have been President. Now John Kerry is consigned to tweeting out "That foreigner's just not that into you." 
And that chick who looks like a model? She'll put metal in your drink so Magneto can harvest it from your veins 
When was the last time Canada won at anything? Loosers 
jbarro WTH is wrong with you? 
Thanks! 
"Now the countdown begins on Carney's inevitable walkback of his criticism" Was the countdown a 5-yr countdown? 
stanveuger in Dutch is there not a distinction between "similar" and "equivalent"? Like how Ancient Greeks couldn't tell Blue from Black? 
WASHINGTON INSIDERS won't STAND UP TO THE freedom of the PRESS. realDonaldTrump WILL! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Hillary Clinton has a bold plan to rein in the 1st Amendment. So does Trump. gt;gt; 
This is the way you talk when you try to sound like a pro-lifer, but you aren't, and you hold them in disdain 
No Woman, No Crime gt;gt; 
alittlelilypad A liberal is someone who can't fall asleep at night worried that someone, somewhere is living her life as a Christian. 
These people are insane extremists. 
ARButtram Beer money brings us ALL together. 
Theory: For strong social cohesion, it's necessary (but insufficient) for a community to have either (A) strong religious community or (B) $ 
I know Twitter is for grousing about everything, but complaints about "How Trump Happened" articles seem so lame. 
Trump says Michelle Fields could have had "a little bomb" 
Kyle_Feldscher only because of political correctness 
By the way, Obama is waging a war in Yemen, and it's causing problems. 
"Corporate America is traditionally conservative..,"? Explain, Milbank 
jcdevereaux1 it's video of him saying something and she calls it a lie. 
wilsonkanaday 
This is one of the saddest. 
ExNikhilo sallykohn Except Trump is the liberal in the race. 
This is a model of Salon-style argumentation. See something some conservatives talk about, Say "racism." 
HailEuropa Redbaiternz I will pray for you. 
Yes. Yes. Trump is far far worse. I criticize politicians all day. Trump is the worst. By a mile. 
Trump says we are on the way to "literally being a third-world nation..." What the hell does he need? 
Didn't Trump make a point of saying he wouldn't play a role in raising his children? 
funnicegoodkind Yair_Rosenberg me dicks? 
I have never met or witnessed someone who is a bigger liar than Trump. I'm not exaggerating. It's constant. 
Trump's answer on Louisiana just now should make it clear: He will be an AWFUL general election candidate. 
Trump is the smartest guy ever, and he surrounds himself with the smartest people, but Louisiana's delegate rules were way over his head. 
delmoi froomkin Don't change the topic. Do you think Trump is smart or informed or composed enough to be President? 
JHillVA Then you're having a better evening than I am. 
Trump hates SuperPACs, like Hillary--and like Hillary, it's tied to his disdain for the 1st Amendment gt;gt; 
If you're watching this and you think Trump is fit to be president, I don't know what to say. 
Honestly, this Trump answer on three roles of the federal government shows him to be a total BSer and a fool. 
Trump's boorish "excuse me" probably makes Anderson wish he had one of the Michelle Fields knife-pens. 
TRUMP: [go off on an aside to dodge the question] MODERATOR: "My questi---" TRUMP: "Excuse me. [Blah blah blah]" 
dandrezner BCAppelbaum Is that app made in the US? 
He simply has no problem outright lying. If you trust Trump ... 
"I have the best words.... I didn't start it." 
Steve_Sailer razibkhan freddiedeboer ehh, I think people generally should own their opinions and arguments. 
"I have the best words... They're drowning people in Syria. She shouldn't have been touching me!" 
Does lack of social connectedness explain Trump's appeal?  Great Barone piece. I'll be following up on the idea gt;gt; 
razibkhan freddiedeboer I'll pray for you, then. 
razibkhan freddiedeboer My most moralistic friends are disproportionately atheists. 
razibkhan freddiedeboer He called me a nice reactionary. I had some quibble, he granted it. Then I wanted to know who he was. 
razibkhan freddiedeboer Freddie had this genius post back in the day. It named all of us, so we all read it 
freddiedeboer I asked and you got pissy. But maybe you thought I was asking "who the hell IS this guy?" 
freddiedeboer There was a time about 8 years ago when you were blogging as just Freddie, no? No last name? 
"I am very impatient when it comes to hackneyed interview questions." 
TheFix So should we assume a Democratic congressman lied to the Post? 
Rubio still working to stop Trump at contested convention  Washington Examiner 
Trump and Clinton crusade to rein in the First Amendment 
Clinton wants to curb political speech by "outside groups" because she wants to empower the inside groups 
Barack Obama is an enemy of the press. 
Guys. Much crazier stuff is going to happen. 
Yellen is Wall Street's dream 
Very interesting argument that some old bank regs, in a very specific way, are keeping TBTF banks so big gt;gt; 
Look how close that kid is. Cruz needs a Corey to toss him aside. 
If you're in Chicago, here's a libertarian event (for conservatives too) at a bar. Tonight. $5. 
JamesVSmithIV Ha! I didn't know that was his universal greeting! 
Also, there was the time McCormackJohn was hipchecked into a fence by Martha Coakley's guy from (presumably) Lowell. 
EsotericCD seanmdav I wasn't physically capable of growing a beard in 2000. 
seanmdav The night of Bush v. Gore, actually. The whole nation lost its innocence that night. 
seanmdav Mark Foley once, um, caressed my jacket lapels. The jacket was kinda hipsterish/homelessish, and Foley was admiring it. 
While we're talking about stuff, Rep. James Traficant once put me in a headlock while I was interviewing him. 
emilykholcomb No. Not even close. That's insane. 
"What is in her hand??" Has Trump not seen Millenium with RealCherylLadd 
The "Michelle Battered Me First" defense would be less absurd if Corey and Trump hadn't denied it happened and then blamed Secret Service. 
Trump really is just Biden taken to 11. Times ten. 
Some good Alinsky stuff here. Ask irrelevant questions. Make absurd charges. Accuse them of exactly what you did. 
So petulant. 
nickconfessore same. 
ComfortablySmug carney I wasn't sure. That's why I left it ambiguous. 
bcurleymbs dcexaminer You're from Boston, aren't you? 
bcurleymbs dcexaminer I'm saying "notice to appear" is a type of arrest. (Confusing because "arrest" is also a type of arrest.) 
Interesting fact: Legally, Corey from Lowell is not a juvenile: 
bcurleymbs dcexaminer "arrest" is an imprecise and ambiguous term here. It is both a general word and a specific one. 
schoemankc It was a forceful grab that left bruises and pulled her away from where she was going. That meets the legal threshold. 
gingermidget01 mikekbales sarahmquinlan This would have been the same had Corey not called Fields "delusional" and taunted her. 
Great idea for some local TV station "We roughly grabbed and yanked five women and denied it. Here's what happened" 
VerumVulnero1 DunsScottus "Yeah, he speahed the quartahback, but this the NFL, bitches!" "Thanks, Corey from Lowell, next caller..." 
Chris_Hadrick Where did she say that? 
Corey from Lowell's tweets are not always true, it turns out. 
ernietedeschi Battery charge against Corey from Lowell. 
I think twitter comments have gotten dumber in the last 10 minutes than at any time since the Hobby Lobby verdict. 
Simple battery in Florida is a 1st degree misdemeanor. 
Simple battery in Florida is when someone "Actually and intentionally touches or strikes another person against the will of the other." 
chrislhayes Has Hillary commented on it? 
360_woodworking Do you have a manual on convincing one's wife to leave a stack of wood in the house? And getting toddlers to stay away? 
360_woodworking Those are currently 1.5 inches and 2 inches. The goal is to turn the 2 inch planks into 1.5" boards for the tabletop. 
chrislhayes 360_woodworking about 8 would put at equilibrium indoors. At that point, cutting it into straight, sized boards makes sense. 
360_woodworking But can it get dry enough outdoors? We're in DC area, so summer is pretty humid. 
360_woodworking Yes, am lucky to have a shady front porch. 
chrislhayes 360_woodworking 13 moisture content. Which means it would dry out more, and shrink if I moved it inside. 
TPCarney i don't think my wife is excited about my moving them inside for a year. And should I cut them into boards first? 
360_woodworking I want to build a dining room table. I got this free wood in Nov. it's about 13 now, my meter says 
maxwellarm 360_woodworking This is about pre-dried lumber. This seems not to address my situation, with planks I sawed off a log myself... 
maxwellarm gracias 
In 2008, CNBC reported Goldman wouldn't trade with Bear Stearns, which sunk Bear. My brother found the source gt;gt; 
... we would all be appalled if the regulators feted Blankfein, and invited him to deliver a discourse on the state of financial regulation. 
Of course Lloyd Blankfein is going to have opinions on how the regulators are doing. And the regulated's voice should matter, but... 
The analogy isn't perfect, but it works in many ways: Government officials are Goldman, and we're the Fed regulators 
What's the phrase for the journalistic equivalent of regulatory capture? 
jesseberney meta 
I just read KevinNR's magazine article. Its dribbles of truth are drowned out by deep errors about community and economy. 
My Red Line train just hit a tree. A branch of a downed tree, but still, odd 
Is this Capitol shooting a Piers Morgan story or a Radley Balko story? 
JakeSherman Where do you see this? 
razibkhan SenSanders Just to be safe, I eat only Archaea harvested from deep-sea vents. 
razibkhan SenSanders So, "gene-spliced," as Greg Conko at CEI puts it, is more precise? 
razibkhan SenSanders But some countries/jurisdictions have labels/nomenclature rules. They must have a definition. 
SenSanders razibkhan What does "genetically altered" mean w/r/t food? 
SykesCharlie To be fair the host sounded like a total chocker. 
CrawfordStuff God loves you. 
Hill Aide: "reports of gunshots at CVC. We are shelter in place right now...I think it could be a drill, but also hearing that it is legit." 
K_Smith_MI jbarro or anxious/eager which could convey different ideas. 
thezachnoble jbarro Sure, but that makes it jargon more than anything else. 
jbarro Exactly. These are the cases where I am a grammar/usage liberal. Conflation almost never leads to confusion. 
Being poor isn't a sign of moral turpitude. 
spirehosp I also think taxing a household of 6 the same as a solo household makes zero sense. 
kenhoagland it's a plausible theory. Many smart people believe it. I don't buy it. I could be persuaded by data. 
spirehosp I disagree. I think having kids is contributing to society. 
brianstelter HRC also described that way by newspaper reporters. 
kenhoagland do we have any evidence that owing no taxes affects one's attitude towards govt spending? 
jks417 IrelandEmbGB time to take over a post office. 
wilsonkanaday rorycooper tweets are like natural gas: infinite in supply. 
This is similar in form to a kickback scheme, but hey, he's just a good deal maker. 
This is true. Media should resist temptation to play the "both sides" game 
Owing $0 in federal income tax doesn't mean you don't work hard, or are dependent on government gt;gt; 
"All changed. Changed utterly...." 
"...'twas better to die neath an Irish sky..." 
Exactly, MABlumenfeld. Trump is the left-most GOP candidate. Kasich is obviously the middle of the three. morningmoneyben 
morningmoneyben some clearly would. 
Thanks for the Happy Easter wishes, tedcruz and hillaryclinton. Glad to hear your anti-Chuck Todd rants, realDonaldTrump. 
 ! 
DallasDiGiovann I built these benches, but wished I had 1.5" hardwood. So I got my own planks. 
DallasDiGiovann thanks. Can't build the table until the wood is seasoned. Thinking about where I could put it inside. 
Super Lunch. 
Owing no federal income tax doesn't mean you don't work hard, or are dependent on government 
Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney's "makers vs. takers" rhetoric helped spawn Donald Trump 
Center for American Progress now repeats realDonaldTrump lies. 
MZHemingway JillFilipovic False analogy, Mollie. You haven't set up a huge business that kills a million sisters per year. 
Wanna feel old?: Star Wars release was closer to Pearl Harbor than today. Wanna feel young?: T Rex was closer to today than to Stegosaurus. 
ThePlumLineGS sethdmichaels byelin jbouie I retract the word "blowout" 
byelin ThePlumLineGS jbouie Is there evidence of candidates being so loathsome they drive up opposing turnout? Does that happen? 
sethdmichaels byelin jbouie ThePlumLineGS I think people don't want a scammy President whom they cannot trust amp; they personally dislike. 
jbouie ThePlumLineGS byelin That's plausible. I may be blinded by the Trump debacle (and my slow Panera wifi). 
byelin ThePlumLineGS jbouie Yes. She often speaks entire paragraphs without lying. So she'll be the honest one--relatively. 
ThePlumLineGS byelin jbouie Oh, now I think she's the HEAVY favorite, because the GOP is so screwed. But absent the Trump debacle... 
jbouie byelin ThePlumLineGS She is an experienced candidate with a formidable operation. But voters distrust her immensely. 
bbcardus I'm the only white person in the Panera, so definitely the latter. 
byelin jbouie ThePlumLineGS That is, in an alternative universe where Trump didn't tear the party asunder.... 
byelin jbouie ThePlumLineGS She is terrible. I think even Kasich would beat her. Jeb would have a chance. Cruz, Rubio, Perry? Blowout. 
eliotnelson It's up there. 
The Panera where I love to go Has wifi that is way too slow. In fact, it's a herculean feat To even send out this tweet. 
ALWarLegal JWGOP What's your evidence the Cruz camp used footage of Melania? 
...or even keep it a secret until Election Day. Voter walks into the booth: "Rob Portman? Whoever he is, he must be better than Hillary." 
..that gives me an idea: If GOP could choose their nominee on November 1, he/she would be sure to beat Hillary 
I'm the millionth person to say this, but Kasich's numbers are only so high because he has avoided scrutiny gt;gt; 
It's fitting, isn't it, that the NIH is in MD. 
ron_fournier WTH? 
All the polls show she's way ahead, so yes. 
They should add "borrow at lower costs by becoming too big to fail and securing an implicit government guarantee" 
Trump is laying out a BS claim that he deserves the nomination even w/o a majority of delegates. Let's not treat this like a legit argument 
The worst is when you ask someone a question on Twitter, and their response is simply liking your question. By "someone" I mean jacobgrier. 
jacobgrier Is "aquavit" just "uisce beatha" translated into Latin? 
Wasn't Superman basically a sycophant to government power? 
Why couldn't that woman at the Argentina state dinner just tango by herself? 
betsy_klein So it was really Camp;RL4y? 
MTMehan Exactly. realDonaldTrump knows this weakness of the press, and he plays it to his advantage greta tedcruz FoxNews 
JohnofAustria A guy who's never gotten a majority of a state, a majority in natl polls, or a majority of delegates: not the voters' choice! 
JohnofAustria If Cruz finished first over Rubio, you think some Kasich/Jeb delegates wouldn't jump to Rubio on a second ballot? 
This is at least the third major media type I've seen wrongly repeat Trump's accusation against Cruz. Dereliction. 
JohnofAustria But those aren't the rules. The rules are you need a majority of delegates. Those are sensible and have always been the rules 
As I said in my column, Trump will call any result a coup that doesn't result in his winning 
Merriiman yes. Please inform Maryland. 
Merriiman please inform the state of Md. 
mtsw DanielLarison you're largely correct. I still get annoyed. 
mtsw DanielLarison do you have stats on that Maryland claim? 
cam_joseph tedcruz SpeakerRyan there's a good cheese shop there. 
Maryland drivers regularly don't pull into the intersection as they wait to take a left on green. It's not in their driver's manual. Dumb! 
wilsonkanaday 70 Trump. 20 Cruz. 
wilsonkanaday (1) Trump (2) Cruz (3) Kasich (4) Perry (5) Ryan 
No matter what happens in the primary, the RNC can pick the nominee. The Q is: At what cost? 
The first rule of the GOP convention is that there are no rules // my column gt;gt; 
The enemy of the state. 
TonyFratto it was a fairly useful moment for my efforts to reduce the number of people I follow. 
This tweet is by a real life law professor 
The RNC can flout democracy blatantly, it has proven. This summer may get interesting gt;gt; 
Kasich finished 4th in a three-man race in Arizona. That should give him an excuse to drop out. 
Do these speakers get paid? 
I went with the American Heritage Desk Dictionary. 
What's the best dictionary for a family? 
fenstermakerd This was the 2012 convention. I forgot the link! 
MCTStJames I appreciated your labor, and I didn't want to steal the fruits of it without permission. 
The RNC can flout democracy blatantly, it has proven gt;gt; 
MCTStJames I'm not good at making these images of blocks of text. Can I steal this? 
The first rule of the GOP convention is that there are no rules // my column gt;gt; 
yeselson I don't think insurance plans or employers should be required to cover contraception. Any of them. It should be their choice. 
yeselson Yes, because through the form, the Sisters would be ordering the insurer to provide coverage. 
I don't like the part that forces nuns to provide contraception coverage. 
VerumVulnero1 more or less. Apparently kgcarney was more of a "maybe scrubs" than a "no scrubs" girl. 
VerumVulnero1 I didn't own a car in 2004, which was why my girlfriend's sister called me "a scrub." 
I've spent 16 years not stating in print my preferences in a presidential primary. That was prudent of me. 
nolandifran (a) Kasich has only won one state--his own. (b) His religious liberty answer was awful (c) I would take him over Trump. 
Robotbeat Noahpinion If Trump were the nominee, I would probably vote for Austin Petersen AP4LP) if he were the libertarian nominee. 
jbarro Noahpinion I'm not so much "support[ing] Cruz" as I am rooting for him -- much the way I always root for one team in the Super Bowl 
This looks like a terrifying scene from Sherlock Holmes. 
Border patrol seized $44,000 in cash going from Dulles to Belgium on Sunday. Spokesman says no connection to terrorist attacks. 
You forgot Libya, bro. 
By default, I'm basically a Cruz guy now. And I agree with him a lot in many policy areas. But the Gaffney pick, and the "patrols"--not good 
NICKinNOVA Yes. My tweet was me being hopeful. 
"..patrol Muslim neighborhoods..." Has Cruz just decided he needs to do crazy stuff to get attention from our Trumpsessed media? 
I liked that line about two Cubans running against a woman and a democratic socialist to replace a black guy. 
Big of Obama, who has raised and spend more than any politician in history, to criticize money in politics. 
Now that he's buttered up the crowd, this is the part where Obama will criticize Cuba's government as oppressive. 
Rep. Rangel Marks Iraq War Anniversary By Pushing For Women In Selective Service gt;gt; 
tarapalmeri wagon? 
samsteinhp he is Obama at his worst: Syria red line, Skip Gates police--when Obama spoke rashly (not common) it was bad. That's Trump 24/7. 
DanaPerino awesome pic. 
chrislhayes it's a plausible explanation for otherwise off behavior. 
In a few minutes, the temperature here in DC will rise above freezing. It may not drop below that for another 7 or 8 months. 
Is there a lawyer who could explain why network counsels might instruct editors to not ask Trump about assault accusation against Corey? 
So even THAT is illegal now? 
Shouldn't it be "2, 4, 6, 8, *whom* do we appreciate?" ? 
GregFromCos Noahpinion PolitiFact exactly. 
Disgraced-appropriator-turned-earmark-lobbyist endorses Donald Trump gt;gt; 
blakehounshell THAT WAS MY FIRST TWEET! 
Earmark lobbyist Bob Livingston endorses Donald Trump 
More details on the charming Corey from Lowell 
I can't be the only one bothered by the fact that our former CIA director is now a foreign agent (for Turkey) 
mattyglesias do you think this should be illegal? 
The ethanol lobby is embarrassed that Cruz won Iowa. To save face, they're trying to unseat Cruz-backer Steve King 
"Victory for the Cuban revolution" 
Remember when Peter Angelos said he wouldn't take Cuban ballplayers because it would be an affront to Fidel Castro? 
baseballcrank I want all the states. 
Anyone have the full popular vote totals from every GOP primary in one place? 
The person who ran the NYT for years thinks the media is too hard on Hillary Clinton. 
How did immigration become the No. 1 issue? 
If you were a GOP congressman and Trump won your district, would you oppose him? 
bg26892 you've lost a step. 
Again, this is the opposite of data journalism (see Noahpinion conradhackett startribune 
johntabin the Gaza-West Bank bridge? 
Charming artwork. 
gzimmer83 why are you calling Obama a dictator? That's weird. You also forgot an apostrophe. 
maxwellarm BuucketHe4d AppFlyer RenaissanceWW it's 2" thick. I was expecting to leave it on my porch for 2 yrs, but I got 14 today... 
Do you know how taxation works? And your contraception mandate? And your restrictions on political speech? 
maxwellarm AppFlyer BuucketHe4d my "shop" is my garage. So not the same climate as my dining room. 
BuucketHe4d maxwellarm AppFlyer a friend had a downed oak tree. We milled it just after thanksgiving. 
maxwellarm AppFlyer BuucketHe4d flat sawn. Been on my porch for 4 months. 
AppFlyer maxwellarm BuucketHe4d If it's B, the MC 12-13. If it's C, it's 14. I figure I should move inside before summer? 
DallasDiGiovann A dining room table 
In which category would Red Oak belong? 
DallasDiGiovann Whether I have a good area for a stack of wood inside my house is something my wife and I may not agree on. 
I'm drying oak planks on my front porch. It's down to 12 or 14 moisture content. Should I move it inside? 
RyanLizza who is reporting it that way? 
J Schools need to start providing self-defense classes if Corey from Lowell is going to stay on the scene. 
Love those 5-year plans. 
OutlierJen thank you. 
jbarro I wonder the history of candidates doing that--boosting turnout by being so hated. David Duke? 
jbarro Will he boost turnout among non-college whites? 
Heminator gabrielmalor I don't want to see "the rest" of you, Mark. 
scontorno "supposedly protects"? Come on. What is this bullshit? You're not only taking sides, you're misleading your readers. 
scontorno "anti-LGBT bill"? 
ernietedeschi I figured. 
ernietedeschi they are literally the heroes of my first book. I'll give you a copy. 
Haven't seen Hamilton. Do they make it clear he's the villain in the Whiskey Rebellion? 
pjdoland The verdict. I always assume all damage awards are absurd. 
SquareSt8Savage Only that I'm uncomfortable with judges or juries deciding what is "newsworthy" 
I'm undecided on the Gawker verdict. 
Wait, the video was taken without Hogan's knowledge? And they posted it? 
leighblue Paul Ryan. 
CommodoreBTC Now that I just did it with corrections from Twitter, I bet I can. 
Crap. 37.5 
irishspy I knew Oregon was Kate [one syllable name] So I give myself half. 
ngodfrey That was the only one I thought I knew but didn't know. My only unknown unknown. 
I got 38.5 governors off the top of my head. 
Is it still Hebert in Utah?, Don't know Wyoming, Abercrombie, and is it Parnell in Alaska? 
Rauner, Branstad, Brownback, Fallin, Nixon, Is Haslam still there?, Bevin, Beebe?, that W.Va. guy, don't know SD, Sandoval, Hickenlooper? 
JB Edwards, Abbot, Martinez, Brewer, Brown, Kate... in Oregon, ? in Wash?, Otter, Mont?, ND?, Dayton?, Walker, Snyder, Wolf, Kasich, Pence 
LePage,Hassan,[Vermont?],Baker,Chafee, Malloy,Cuomo,Christie,Markell,HOGAN!, McAuliffe, McCrory, Haley, Deal, Scott, Riley?, blanking on MS 
Now I'll try to name all 50 governors. If I get 40, I'll be happy. 
I had put Daines in both SD and Montana. I had Dayton (WTF) in Minnesota. 
I forgot Merkley's name, and I forgot Klobuchar and Rounds were Senators. 
ngodfrey Klobuchar, Rounds, and Merkley. 
jpodhoretz I didn't. I forgot Merkley's name, and I forgot Klobuchar and Rounds were Senators. 
I just tried to name 100 senators off the top of my head. I blanked on 3 of them. 
alaskawater better? 
Courts now decide what's newsworthy. Great. 
porschequeen2 I warned you! 
Romney's right about Cruz and Utah. 
baseballcrank in 2010. 
If you're watching MSNBC, beware, I'll be on your TV at 8. 
alaskawater you're welcome to fly down here and clean it! 
Not a fridge that's stocked for Fridays in Lent. 
Rubio is a conservative. Many GOP voters couldn't accept that, because they couldn't get past his immigration views 
NickFoxNYT I haven't looked at the data, but daveweigel's W.Va. reporting suggested maybe. 
DouthatNYT Yes. The demand has been there for a while. It may be no higher today. Just the supply is unprecedented. 
Here's one case Here's another 
I think Drum amp; Winship are wrong, amp; that deeper exploration of the data suggests personal amp; local econ hardship correlates w/ Trump support 
stanveuger It depends on how that was accomplished! 
stanveuger So you don't believe racism has an effect on hiring? 
"IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS," Trump tweeted in November, "WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!" It's an important idea 
stanveuger Sometimes people's views are more complicated than you make them out to be. 
stanveuger Do you think that racism cannot effectively increase white employment at the expense of minority employment? 
But again, that's objectively true--partly in the same way many white baseball players couldn't crack into the MLB after Jackie Robinson. 
This piece cites the view "many whites are unable to find a job because employers are hiring minorities instead" 
traderscrucible Sadly, robust belief that government should be limited is not a widely held thing. 
wdbremer I quoted the numbers here: Info is from census data. 
gabrielmalor Dang. I just shaved. 
carney jbview Yes, I don't see Romney as the standard-bearer of the American conscience. 
jmp_nyc high schools used to train kids to be factory workers? 
JimPethokoukis The Ted Cruz of baseball. 
jmp_nyc That's my question: How much evidence do we have that they were counting on--and trained for--such jobs? 
NickFoxNYT I think everyone's a little bit racist. 
AlexNowrasteh I think their claims are a combo of erroneous amp; true/important amp; unimportant/solvable amp; unsolvable -- all eight permutations. 
jmp_nyc Yeah. If the 1950s was the peak of the American Dream, it's sadly a dream--after you wake up, it's gone forever. 
traderscrucible I don't doubt that they sanitize their commentary for the sake of a reporter. 
jmp_nyc That's often what I suspect, but I'd love for you to say more. 
...some of the woes of the white working class are like the white MLBers in 1948 whose job prospects declined thanks to Jackie Robinson... 
...If you look at trajectories, blacks amp; hispanics as a whole are improving economically. White working class is not. 
BlanksSlate Exactly. 
...sorry, I meant "the view that immigrants or blacks are favored" 
...You could find racist premises underlying the view that immigrants or blacks, but on the conscious level, it's often a fairness argument 
nichcarlson yes. 
...or they look at sanctuary cities, and say "Illegals' crimes are forgiven, while I'd go to jail if I blew a .09 on a breathalizer" 
...often they argue this based on falsehoods. One guy said it's not fair that immigrants don't owe taxes for their first 7 years in the U.S. 
The Trump backers I speak to never argue that other races are inferior. They argue that the game is rigged for immigrants against natives... 
Sides' essay on racial grievance highlights some specifics of the identity politics boosting Trump... 
Also, b/c some commentators still call Trump far-right: "Trump does significantly better (15 pts) among those who want spending increased" 
Sides, in his ideology essay also makes the supply-side claim: "What has changed isnt voters, but the choices theyve been given." 
brianbeutler kdrum The "incendiary nonsense" Huck amp; Santorum tapped into had large overlap with Sanders amp; Liz Warren. 
Maybe parties/movements are tools by which non-idelogical political leanings of the masses are levered into ideological-ish energy. 
"Most voters arent ideologues" seems right to me. I wrote something similar 
brianbeutler kdrum What do you mean? 
DouthatNYT reihan kdrum Yep. Santorum's tax cut for U.S. manufacturers was weak tea compared to threatening outsources with 35 tariffs. 
Ed_Realist (a) it's only kind of a policy. It's more like a vague idea of a policy. (b) I agree. 
Ed_Realist Exactly. 
reihan mdcohen kdrum Yes. And we assumed their voters were the religious Right. Turns out it was Religious Right + Populist. 
It's just that, as kdrum suggests, Trump's populism is far louder and more effective politically than Huck's or Santorum's were. 
This year isn't terribly different from past yrs as far as openness to populism--Huck amp; Santorum were at least 50 populist phenomena kdrum 
I agree /kdrum that this is more a supply-side issue (we have a real demagogue running) than a demand-side one. 
AlexNowrasteh You seem to have total disdain for a portion of the electorate, and you use populism as a simple slur. Seems unproductive. 
And, to his credit, jbview linked to this which suggests Trump does better among those personally suffering $-wise. 
Recall, only 37 of one half of the electorate is voting Trump. That the economy is good for many and bad for a few is the point. jbview 
Here jbview argues that anger/economic woes aren't driving Trump's rise. ... but ... 
I'm going to spend the morning reading delegate math and "Why Trump" pieces. I'll be tweeting out the interesting points. 
In brief, Biden said: (1) No nominations/hearings/votes at all till AFTER the election. (2) After the election, he'd approve a moderate. 
It seems the administration is repeating CAP's misrepresentations of Biden's SCOTUS views. Here's the truth: 
WikiLeaks publishes searchable archive of Clinton emails -- something our government should have done. 
Export-Import Bank under investigation for shelving job applications from veterans 
"Contempt of Congress" and "Lying to Congress" are crimes. 
This is so embarrassing. 
j_henry2 lpdstock pegobry There's a logic to that view. There's also the fact that I am an Irish-American Catholic. 
Immigration isn't just a big issue. For some, it's a foundational issue gt;gt; 
Ami_Marisol Yeah. That's what WWI was about. 
lpdstock pegobry I love France, but Tocqueville was the last Frenchman who earned the right to criticize the American people. 
pegobry all Frenchmen should thank God nightly for Americans' love of country. 
pegobry but the alcohol deaths stat undermines that self -image of moderate, self-controlled drinkers. 
Hey, look France's alcohol-related deaths are 50 higher than the US's gt;gt; 
Were we too immoderate in liberating France? 
pegobry France consumes more alcohol per capita than even Ireland. 30 more than the US. 
This July 2013 chat between chrislhayes amp; me on Rubio amp; GOP populism is kind of interesting now 
Warren Buffett vs. Elon Musk on net-metering of solar energy. Does Obama feel like Mom amp; Dad are fighting? 
And you're one of those access-purchasers! Which is why you're the worst person in America to run against her. 
Very weird headline, unless The Federalist is officially becoming the webzine of the Reformation. 
Immigration: the mother of all issues  My column on Trump's rise and Rubio's fall gt;gt; 
Look at that. Whisky-producing states tax beer more. 
Whichever college you hold in highest regard, I'm rooting for that team, inexplicably, in order to leave the impression that I went there. 
Neal_Inman With some I would say they will become a lobbyist. With Cruz I would say he won't. With Rubio I asked "what will he do?" 
Neal_Inman you're confusing your inference with my implication. 
erikdempsey That's an awful joke. 
Neal_Inman It's not an insult. It's a real question. Almost any Senator who retires gets propositioned by K Street. 
"God Bless England" My piece from St. Patrick's Day 2006. 
Are Alston Bird and Arent Fox calling? 
MTMehan I agree with all that. Sometimes, as Aristotle says, you get to the mean by fighting one extreme. 
Back home, used to say Iona College's name was an acronym. 
"America the Abstraction" is a 13-year-old magazine article that is as relevant as ever gt;gt; 
We each have a responsibility to care for the needy. So we owe it to them to have a good debate on how to do that. 
We're coming up on Sunday Funday! at the Famine Museum in my family's ancestral town of Roscommon. 
jameswester surgery. 
...and tossed that part out of the window into the courtyard. This old story is from 1996. And this was brianmcarney and carney 
There's the story of the one Carney brother swigging whiskey to dull the pain before the other sliced off part of his foot... 
MadeleineinDC  
Half the Irish people I know say their family is from Cork. I wonder if that's just because Cork was where their ancestor got on the boat. 
St. Patrick, pray for us. 
conncarroll if he has Florida vs Ohio in the finals, we'll know he's running. 
Queen Elizabeth declared 2016 the Year of Punk. Here's how one scion of the genre is celebrating gt;gt; 
*This* is a new low? Salon really is twisted. 
No, here's the thing. Obama is often petty and small, but at his worse, he's 1000X better than this Trump stuff 
Imagine a president who behaves this way. 
On 7/11/2006, I published my 1st book. That same day, this guy filed a patent for a flatulence-filter seat cushion 
kevinjjones That's always what I was picturing. Sad! 
So manatees are a little smaller than I had imagined, it seems. 
Kasich had one trick: the "let's stop fighting" line, which amounted to: let Trump's BS amp; idiocy stand. In a two-man debate, what wld K do? 
If Kasich is unwilling to debate Cruz one-on-one, why should we want him debating Hillary one-on-one? 
Michael Barone: Only Ted Cruz can stop Donald Trump 
reddroostermann what's your counterargument? 
In Trumpistan there will be no need for debates. All questions will already be settled. 
byelin I think I recall you were convinced by Volsky or Chait on the Biden rule. They were wrong: 
Actually it pretty clearly is what Biden said, igorvolsky. Please read this: 
Also, the exit polls suggest Kasich won Ohio by outperforming among Trump's demographic 
I think the exit polls show at least a few points worth of strategic voting in Ohio gt;gt; via DCExaminer 
scottlincicome I think the chances were very high from 2010 to 2014. Now lower. 
Mike Needham weighs in: "The Path Forward for Republicans Is Both Conservative and Populist" 
Trump is not a big fan of free speech or protestors. His supporters, however, welcome protest and dissent gt;gt; 
Some liberals have said Biden's standard was simply: Send me compromise nominees. That's a misreading of Biden 
Here I clear up some confusion jonathanchait igorvolsky) about the Biden Standard on election-year nominations gt;gt; 
pjdoland Fair point. I've restated my position 
Given Hillary amp; Trump on the horizon, I should say:It's fine if the GOP decides to enforce to Biden standard. What's prudent? I don't know. 
I support the Biden standard -- no nominees in an election year. 
*Now* it would really be funny for Obama to nominate Cruz. 
Explaining Rubio's defeat gt;gt; 
I think Cruz defeats President Trump in the 2020 GOP primary. 
My Glenmont train just became a Silver Spring train. Things fall apart. 
jesseberney evergreen tweet 
Donald Trump's America 
Sexist tweets about Cruz's smile. 
"To those like Donald Trump who buy influence, and to those like Hillary Clinton who sell influence..." Cruz with a true and biting line. 
Exit polls suggest strategic voting in Ohio was a real thing gt;gt; 
Why haven't any reporters, including CNN reporters, asked Trump about Corey From Lowell? 
reihan Charles Barkley. 
Currently in Illinois, Santorum is playing spoiler in the Huckabee-vs-Christie battle 
How does one see the Illinois delegate results by congressional district? I recall watching these numbers come in four years ago. 
What if she was the only one shouting? And what if she smiled the least? 
They just turned off the water and heat in our building.  
"We should not allow it to happen" realDonaldTrump on U.S. companies.  
Trump makes sure to put Corey From Lowell on stage next to him. Just in case any women get fresh. 
In Michigan, Kasich trailed Trump by 21 points among non-college-graduates. In Ohio he cut that in half. 
aldematt That's where I was trying to go. Couldn't quite get there. 
Columbus man vows to "go all the way to Cleveland." 
bsmith8643 I have Trump with 568 out of 1251 delegates, meaning he needs 669 of remaining 1222. Where am I wrong? 
Gang of ate. [I don't really get this joke, but maybe someone else does.] 
We should distinguish between protestors and disruptors gt;gt; 
Maybe because he'll build a wall around the state, and it will be only Ohio delegates. 
"Kasich won because he's the governor" doesn't contradict "Kasich won by chipping blue-collar votes from Trump" 
awzurcher your name is "Zurcher." 
Kasich won Ohio by eating into Trump's blue-collar base 
KOlson5581 jbarro :( 
After Florida and Ohio, Trump now needs 54.75 of delegates going forward to get a majority. To date, he's won 45.40 of delegates. 
I updated my personal disclosure page, which had listed me as Team Crubio. I plan to vote for Cruz in Md. 
bradwassink shouldn't exist. They should get watches that can stop. 
Also, cheers to Rubio having 4 kids! 
Rubio gave a nod to difference between cronyism amp; capitalism. He also articulated the humble, everyday idea of the American Dream. Cheers. 
jbarro Good point. Republican primary voters always choose the most electable candidate. 
DanielLarison Just because you hate his foreign policy doesn't mean he's not the strongest gen. elec. candidate. 
DanielLarison Not Anymore! 
"I'd rather shove a brick up your a-- than pay for a wall, Pendejo!" My column: 
Two students held up a Mexican flag. A young man held a cardboard sign w/"F--k Trump/Hilary Clinton for President" 
Liberals tonight will pretend their glee is over something besides the most formidable Republican failing. They may even fool themselves. 
Donald Trump's protesters, disruptors and censors // my column gt;gt; 
Florida man takes bath salts, strips naked, eats off own face. 
ByronTau our toilets stop working at 10 pm. 
JimmyJames38 Thanks. 
jamespoulos add an  
JRussellMI thanks for the retweet! 
I went to Ohio and wrote on Kasich's pursuit of the Trump demo -- the white working class gt;gt; 
Guide to the GOP's March 15 delegate rules: 
FreedomDefined1 Yes. An Obama-signed immigration reform seemed unlikely to bring hispanic voters to GOP. 
Yeah, guys, Florida doesn't hold much drama gt;gt; 
People--There is no news until polls close. 
Look carefully, and you'll notice the middle word of every Trump speech is "" 
INBOX: SUBJ: Another Straussian; God help us ----------------- Saw the St. Johns college and knew why you hated Trump immediately.... 
And a no vote on Ex-Im, to boot! 
ojfl JoshZumbrun do you have age of workforce in mfg jobs in China, over time? 
Also seems tough to blame NAFTA for this. [chart via joshzumbrun] 
Two words from the Fed everyone is listening for. (Spoiler: It's not "Platinum Coin") 
aedwardslevy Burgers are different. To kill bacteria, you need to heat the outside of the meat. W/ground beef, it's all "the outside." 
The Ides of Marco. 
I wonder if Donald can't handle the sight of blood. 
Lettimsprung You're wrong. Some people are professional beer tasters. Otherwise, though, yeah. My job is great. 
mattyglesias daveweigel overcooked steak goes well with Lewandowski's Red Bull habit. 
VerumVulnero1 Am I off-base with this comment? 
Good piece, hadasgold, kenvogel, but you could have saved words amp; written "Lewandowski is a Pats fan from Lowell." 
elisefoley sad! 
charlescwcooke DylanByers these things are never funny or clever. 
timkmak LOL 
littlebytesnews kerpen new polls today undermined that analysis. 
timkmak you get carded? 
After more polls come in, the Cruz surge I had sniffed in Ohio looks like a mirage. McCormackJohn 
fmlien danieljamiri nope. The worksheet says only the o is a schwa. I hate homework 
fmlien danieljamiri the book has an exercise that asks which is schwa doesn't allow for *both* to be schwa in that particular word. 
danieljamiri fmlien, I see. Some definitions of schwa say it's only schwa if it's an unstressed syllable. 
When big government tried to change the value of Pi  
danieljamiri maybe Canadians made the book and its -boove 
danieljamiri maybe they province it ah-bv? 
danieljamiri thanks. The 3rd-grade workbook disagrees. 
Homework query: would you say both vowel sounds in "above" are the "schwa" sound? 
I served my country so that ignorant people would have the right to protest, Trump supporter Larry C. Stinson 
Kyle_Feldscher can you teach me that on Tuesday night? 
FWIW, I'm trying the Email-Myself-60-minutes-worth-of-interviews approach 
AppFlyer That's not what she said. 
If I want to move my voice memos from my iphone to my mac, (I have a cable) is there a way? 
FWIW, North Carolina, Hickory, and USSS officers all saw me filming them in action and never objected. This isn't Maryland. 
... instead, he (1) said he thought she was an MSMer (2) never touched her. After those two defenses, the "no-big-deal" defense falls flat. 
From what I can tell, Lewandowski could've gotten away with a "sorry, I cleared Fields out of the way too roughly." Instead ... 
scontorno never go in the pen. 
RINO 
Left on my windshield in Hickory, NC. 
"Trump: we gonna come at you real good. We gonna vote!" 
Hickory. 
F@k Trump! @k Trump!" They chant. 
Anti trump Lutherans singing hymns. 
Three protestors taken down. 
Three more disrupters ejected from Trump rally. "I make peace, love, and mercy, folks," Trump says. 
Loud chants of "Bernie! Bernie!" outside. I can't see the action, but it's attracting police attention. 
A bit of a row outside the auditorium after protesters were removed. 
Last protestor removed. 
Handful of disrupters removed from Trump rally. One patted a Trump fan on the face on her way out. 
"I employ thousands of Hispanics. They're great." 
Trump: "We're using marble instead of terrazzo" 
Trump's club here "is a tremendous place," according to Trump. 
Did Christie just say "to help to lead our country," or "to help delete our country"? 
Christie-Trump townhall. Watch out Hannity, you have competition. 
Christie takes the stage. 107 minutes late due to fog. 
First time I've heard "Leader of the Pack," at a Trump rally. Perfectly captures his appeal and message. 
Secret Service, Hickory police, and NC troopers eying suspected protestor at Trump event. 
Trump over 90 minutes late for his rally. He never shoulda rode metro. 
Jameson? 
Trump was forced by fog to land in Charlotte. He's 50 minutes late. Charlotte is almost an hour away. No telling when he'll get here. 
Police/Security posted throughout the aisles at this Trump event in North Carolina. 
Protestors at Trump rally at Lutheran college. 
Kasich bringing in Romney could backfire with one key demographic Kasich has tried court--the blue-collar vote gt;gt; 
This Cruz surge in Ohio is impressive 
TV news (sports journalism) continuing to break its compact with viewers gt;gt; 
"Marco Rubio is trying to steal my girlfriend" 
flexshines do you know how Twitter works? 
Here's something interesting: I think the polls show Ted Cruz eating away Trump's support in Ohio, helping Kasich 
OddLane Barmy Bernie and Daft Donald sounds like a great general election. 
STL_Blonde easygoer132 I was talking about soccer, not football. 
BenjaminPGlaser No, I've watched soccer ever since it was invented for the 1994 World Cup. 
In those circumstances--injury, goals--why not STOP THE CLOCK? Or you could have it be a secret known to the clergy 
OddLane It's like death. 
drvox Thanks. I'm considering taking up exercise. 
If this is a question, maybe Trump is right. 
drvox Why do you do hot yoga? 
MLS should have the clock count DOWN. Which is a more relevant bit of info: (a) How much time has elapsed, or (b) how much time remains? 
Look at this way: YTD, we're 23 hours in the black. 
I'll note that DC loves Trump more than Cruz, judging by the results. 
Trump gets zero delegates tonight from DC. Rubio gets a majority, which is relevant if rule 40b stands. 
nugget1tau No. If it were, I wouldn't bother changing my registration. 
Sigh. 
byelin It's not too late. You have until 4/5 or so. 
My wife and I the past week registered as Republicans so we can vote in Maryland's primary next month. 
JVLaB freddoso AP4LP Luckily for you, LaB, I just registered as a Republican, so I will have no say in choosing the LP nominee. 
freddoso JVLaB I'd back Austin in a second. He's pro-life. Johnson isn't. 
jsende I don't think you're allowed to question Twitter's Committee of General Security. 
jsende When you type in a common hashtag, it usually autocompletes, but  doesn't. 
Twitter won't let  autocomplete, but  works! 
jesseberney Same. Next year I may bring my kids. 
jesseberney I love Great Wolf Lodge, but that doll gives me nightmares. 
ernietedeschi Their intent. It was to *shut down* a speech. That's not cool. Code Pink tries to get attention/make waves--not silence ppl. 
JackDobbyn I agree that these protestors are like Trump. I think Trump is bad for the country. I think these protestors are bad, too. 
JackDobbyn I don't think you're okay with violence and shouting people down, Jack. 
JackDobbyn If someone is speaking, the property owner is fine with it, and listeners want to here it, it's uncivil to prevent it. 
JackDobbyn I didn't say that. I'm saying these protestors deserve scorn for their anti-democratic censoriousness. 
The point of the protest was to prevent a candidate from campaigning. That's not dissent. That's censoriousness 
jeremycain_usc I think the Obama admin's claims of executive privilege here are BS. They should produce. Also, I'm not a lawyer. 
jeremycain_usc why would I have a response? 
jbarro EricaGrieder no, they're pledged but directly elected, I believe. They can run as uncommitted, though. 
TheStalwart jbarro I've always assumed he would lose a general badly. But this primary has lowered my confidence in my own predictions. 
dew5150 freddoso got it. Thanks. 
freddoso what exactly is being counted here? 
Trump shouldn't stoke violence against protestors. Separately, protestors shouldn't try to shut down a Trump rally. 
nygrlnla isn't this your boy? 
socflyny yup. 
socflyny I agree. 
FWIW, supporters of one politician deliberately shutting down the speech of an opposing one is also fascistic. 
Kyle_Feldscher I think Chicago is fighting a bit too much. 
He's firmly in the center now. 
AZTanya No. I wasn't being humorous. I was noting that I had a different experience than the reporter in question. 
AZTanya Yes? 
Actually, in Rock Hill, S.C. one anti-Trump protestor I think got pretty violent with cops. 
SopanDeb One guy at a Rock Hill S.C. rally looked to me like he was swinging at the cops. 
JustinRaimondo RichLowry I disagree. I think this collection--especially the slow-mo--corroborates the testimony of Fields amp; Terris. 
stanveuger MichaelRStrain My wife just informed me we have salmon filets in the freezer. My trip to the Korean grocer is cancelled. 
stanveuger seriously? 
Were I to buy fish from our local Korean grocer for grilling tonight, what fish should I buy? 
...Moral of the story: When you get a medical bill saying you owe money, there is a high probability you don't in fact owe money. 
Going through my 2015 health expenses, found one bill I had paid twice. Called re: a recent collection notice, and they said I owed nothing. 
IllinoisEric89 I love Boeing! 
B0rdertourista I knew some liberal would say that. Yes. 
TonyFratto Such as? 
The very last thing that fact-checkers can do is tell you which politicians lie more than others. 
She's already playing attack-dog. 
baseballcrank I think they noticed I fell asleep during the Iran part. 
A question for TonyFratto: How does Trump's argument for tariffs (the other guys are doing it) differ from your argument for Ex-Im? 
As is his every populist thing he says. 
justkarl DouthatNYT allahpundit I asked a lot of people in Ohio, amp; got many mixed stories. He contains multitudes. One of which is d-bag. 
LeatherwoodTN Villanova 
Kasich scheduling a Wed. event in Pa. is kind of like those old test-pilots borrowing a stick of gum before taking off? 
Rubio folk: I wouldn't put that much stake in the latest poll showing Marco within 6. Not yet at least. 
New: PARSING THE POLLS: Florida, Florida, Florida gt;gt; 
If there are two Trumps, can't one be the running mate? 
jennyrogersDC I love being around liberals! 
PieFarmer I've never thought of that. As a kid, my dad discouraged me from reporting fights to the cops. 
mattdpearce mariabustillos chrislhayes I don't think you'd write "woman drowns at Sanders Rally" without intervening 
Do pols stop eating steak during Lent? by JRussellMI from last year 
nygrlnla In that case, I'm likely to be hilarious over the next 8 months--and next four years. 
mariabustillos chrislhayes mattdpearce Yeah, the sucker-punch was worth recording, I think. 
chrislhayes philipaklein Sometimes it's clearer than others. 
Kyle_Feldscher Someone drowning is news, Kyle. Also, reporting on something changes the outcome. The Compton Effect. 
Maybe the right thing to do depends on the circumstance, incl. the fairness and preventability of the fight. 
Kyle_Feldscher One looked brewing in SW Va., and I started recording. I immediately felt like a shit. 
If, as a reporter, you saw a fight about to break out at a Trump event, would you try to break it up, or start recording it? 
The power you give Obama to hunt terrorists will be used by Hillary or Donald to sniff out your common crimes 
"Avoid this place like the plague, stopped in on Friday night one of the 'bar backs' was open carrying a handgun" 
"I thought we were doing pretty good before the NAFTA Act" // The working class voters who favor Kasich gt;gt; 
I'm older than most males in the U.S. If I voted in the Fla. GOP primary, by my math, I'd be in the youngest 10 
jonathanchait I think of Cruz when I picture Missouri in my mind. 
by darth 
Most voters pay little attention to politics. Those who follow it closely but still support Trump, you've suspended your critical faculties. 
Trump would increase guest-worker levels for high- and low-skilled workers. He'll buddy up with Putin amp; China... 
Low expectations are soft bigotry when applied to students. They're borderline suicidal when applied to Presidential frontrunners. 
jaketapper BCAppelbaum Burn. 
pjdoland I want v. bright ones--for outside and some parts inside. Now that max wattage of fixtures is basically no issue. But those are $$ 
pjdoland Oh, I siphon all my electricity off my neighbors. 
pjdoland These FEIT CFLs came with the house. Using them has bought me a year in which LED prices have dropped 50-80. 
pjdoland I bought a 6 pack of some off-brand ones for $11. I figure the tech will improve, so always buy the cheapest ones now. 
Here's a CFL that lasted about 6 months. I've named it Fred Upton. 
Marco Rubio, trailing in the fourth quarter at home. 
The Trump standard: Any past statements are off limits 
ebranstad that's true! 
darth amazing. 
KatMcKinley cc: darth 
I picked the wrong Lent to give up downing entire handles of Jameson in one night. 
At DOJ HQ right now: "Well, *now* we can't indict her, can we?" 
I don't think they pulled it off. I think we're screwed. 
stanveuger "quartered"? Do Dutch schools end American history in 1676? 
If people are offering him "$10 million" it's for SuperPACs. If he's asking them not to give, is that coordination? 
Kasich is running on the pardon of Nixon. Such a panderer. 
Michelle Fields: "Bad Dude" 
TmBttn Good point. I should translate them all into French, and then run the context. 
"There's a level of admiration I actually have for China. Their basic dictatorship is actually allowing them to turn their economy around.." 
We should play "Who Said It: Trump or Trudeau?" 
I just woke up and Kasich is saying to stop treating enemies too kindly? 
"Cruz kills the ethanol mandate" my column from Iowa gt;gt; 
Very valiant of DanaBashCNN to try to nail down Trump to real numbers on waste, fraud, and abuse. 
"Florida has the highest percentage of seniors..." Wow, you learn something new every day. 
Cruz gives details on how the fed govt has seized common core to push us towards a natl curriculum. Trump was trying to, but knew nothing. 
JDSalant tedcruz realDonaldTrump Cruz's will be less beautiful. 
Cruz's first two answers: "We're getting killed on trade" and "We're going to build a wall." 
Here's a glimpse at the hilarious (but baffling) subculture that takes umbrage at the term "Democrat Party" 
jonathan_miller but what's wrong with it? 
mitdont I don't know. They say Republicans mean it as degrading. But it's "degrading" only b/c the Dems hate it. Because it's degrading. 
"We're getting killed in international trade." Cruz is going Trumpish on trade. 
Rubio favors free trade. (Except for sugar.) 
See! This infuriates Democrats gt;gt; 
I was in blue-collar Ohio, and here's what I wrote on Kasich's outreach to the working class gt;gt; 
Uh oh, he said "Democrat Party." There's an entire subculture on the Internet dedicated to taking umbrage in this phrase. 
We joke about CNN lying to us about the debate time, but journalism outfits are supposed to tell people the truth. 
If Shaker Heights is the Upper Arlington of Cleveland, Parma is its Kirk Nieuwenhuis 
wilsonkanaday When I'm famous, Wilson, you can organize the Tim Carney Bar-Reporting Tour Bus, visiting Last Stop Inn, Gator Patrick's, etc 
stanveuger I may have to unendorse Trump! 
I thought it was conning people out of their money . 
"Trump's not promising nothing. That's why I like him" my dispatch from working-class Ohio gt;gt; 
quinnbowman nope. I had left by the time that broke. 
I did some bar reporting in Parma 
John Kasich--the candidate of the upper class--is making a play for the Blue-Collar vote. In Ohio, it may work gt;gt; 
The red maples are beginning to bloom. 
AlanSuderman better than pay raises from the taxpayer! 
samsteinhp "away" is kind of implied by "go" 
samsteinhp "year" is implied in "anniversary". 
TheStalwart or fundraising acumen. 
TheStalwart we can disagree on TARP. Standing up for Ex-Im is never a defensible position. 
From last night's debate: Hillary stands firm in support of bank bailouts and subsidies  
My post on fact-checkers' selection process is partly a belated response to jayrosen_nyu gt;gt; 
If Hillary misrepresents the 2000 recount and no one fact-checks it, does it make a sound? 
stanveuger some of my best friends are lobbyists! 
No assaulting female reporters for asking questions? No sucker-punching people in the stands? Man, the American Dream really is dead. 
And the Cruz-Lee buddy story is just a microcosm of it. 
StephenWhite11 Konnie Vandervelde deserved Miss Asparagus! cc: stanveuger 
baseballcrank I thought each delegate was elected individually, making it a mostly-WTA by CD, but not always, and not de jure. 
RyanLEllis nope. I enjoy it only because kgcarney loves it so much. 
Cheese curds used to occupy this part of my brain, but I haven't had good ones since Walker's first term. 
Wings and Korean BBQ are the only two foods that I spend a considerable amount of time actively pondering amp; craving. 
ByronTau Bunting to break up a No-Hitter? Don't steal the catcher's sign? 
yeselson MattBruenig jeffspross MaxEhrenfreund I'm pro-union, though not in favor of some of the laws protecting them. 
yeselson rortybomb jeffspross DemJournal Thanks. 
yeselson rortybomb jeffspross DemJournal I saw that piece and never finished. URL please? 
Econ_Marshall MattBruenig jeffspross MaxEhrenfreund JoshuaMound you'd be happier if you didn't act the way you do, Marshall. 
Econ_Marshall MattBruenig jeffspross MaxEhrenfreund I know this Marshall. Jeff believes in dialogue and listening, as do I. 
MattBruenig jeffspross MaxEhrenfreund then what's the IRS for? 
MattBruenig jeffspross MaxEhrenfreund exit and the threat of violence are two. Subsidiarity and purpose are others. 
JAMyerson jeffspross MaxEhrenfreund sorry. Was driving. 
As I predicted, WaPo fact checker ignores Hillary's blatant falsehood that Bush v. Gore gave the election to Bush. 
TheStalwart my bad. 
jeffspross Because in your mythology, state-run redistribution preceded mutual aid. 
BecketAdams The anti-white-and-gold agenda. Also known as the "The Dress is Black Blue" Agenda. 
My one encounter with Trump campaign staff found them more confrontational and controlling than other GOP campaigns (besides Christie's). 
jeffspross That's a hilarious tweet. If I write a book on leftism's antagonism to civil society, I may quote that. 
Fox poll suggests a 9-point Trump drop in Ohio. I find that unlikely gt;gt; 
dave_brown24 jimantle Except that on Twitter, I can just unfollow you. PeteKDCNews would have to turn that white noise machine WAY up. 
jimantle dave_brown24 I don't get these references. 
What's the feminist view on this? 
It's always a good time to read henryolsenEPPC, but this 2010 essay by him--the 2nd half esp--is v. important today 
TonyFratto Wasn't that Romney's argument too? 
KevinWGlass also, I'm in Cleveland 
KevinWGlass It basically says "Please don't ignore us for suggesting Cleveland. We know it's better to emigrate than stop in Cleveland." 
Some people don't care about the abuse of immigration policy, I understand. I do. That's why I can't support Trump. 
KevinWGlass The anti-Cleveland tone of that footnote grates. 
The email questions will certainly never go away as long as she keeps saying false stuff about them. 
Cruz-Fiorina vs Clinton would be a laser-guided anti-corporatist anti-cronyist race. It could be improved only if Hillary picked Cantwell. 
What about Hillary and Bernie saying abortion up to the moment of birth is fine? Is that any easy one for kids? 
pye In a grand sense I was. 
pye I don't get it. 
The poll showing Kasich winning Ohio is the largest and most recent, but I don't buy a 9-point Trump drop 
_Leila It's campaign season, after all. 
Reminder: Had Gore won at SCOTUS, he still would have lost the Florida recount: 
I mean on Periscope. I can't do 20 pushups in 6 seconds. 
I will do 20 pushups on Vine if Politifact or WaPo factchecker call out Hillary's falsehood on Bush v. Gore. 
Hillary says Bush v. Gore "took away a presidency." That's just flat wrong. Gore would've lost regardless 
$15 minimum wage and outlawing fracking -- Two of Bernie's leading weapons against the U.S. economy. 
Now everyone--moderators, Senators--are afraid to interrupt her. 
brianbeutler Also, Benghazi is an important flashpoint in discussing the politics that drove Libya policy gt;gt; 
brianbeutler The question gets to her personal honesty, but it's not the one I would have asked. 
How does "the United States has got to join the rest of the industrial world..." poll. I suspect not well. 
brianbeutler What was the conspiracy theory he articulated before the booing began? 
As Libya descends into terrorist chaos, Clinton stands by her war 
Liberals boo when you bring up Benghazi. Ill-considered illegal destructive deadly wars are off limits for Democratic debates? 
BERNIE! 
Hillary pretends to hate Wall Street, then camaigns on Ex-Im, which banks describe as "free money" 
"That's right, Ice. Man. I'm dangerous." -Bernie Sanders 
The large insurers favored HillaryCare, 
Does anyone believe Hillary is tough on Wall Street? She talks that way all the time, but I can't imagine anyone believes it. 
Hillary favors Wall Street through the TARP vote she brags about and the Ex-Im vote she brags about. 
chrislhayes jamespoulos jimantle michaelbd Who is the agent committing the immoral action? 
"Hillary, you're trustworthy en---. No, actually, nevermind." 
chrislhayes jimantle michaelbd Some people also love their own children more than other people's children! 
Did I miss the context of Hillary saying "the border is secure"? 
To be clear, Hillary is now campaigning on her support for TARP, and Bernie's opposition. 
Wow. Some awesome anti-Dutch racism here. I really haven't encountered that before. 
Bernie just said he wouldn't deport any illegal immigrants unless they have a criminal record? Is a President allowed to do that? 
Deporter-in-Chief! 
Cruz wins the Dutch vote in Michigan cc: KatrinaNation BobVandergriff fhollande VanJones68 
Hillary is consistent: She wants to stop children entering the country via the border, and via the womb! 
With the threat of a potential President Trump looming, it's weird that Democrats keep pledging to expand executive power. 
Sanders is right, and it's both. Guest-worker programs exploit immigrants as a means to driving to wages. 
Cruz wins the Dutch vote in Michigan 
Her laugh is so weird, so creepy. 
Parsing the Polls: John Kasich threatens Donald Trump in Ohio 
I don't believe she made a mistake. I believe it was politically shrewd for her hide her emails from FOIA. 
Cleveland billboard. 
How do you interview Rubio in front of a conservative crowd and *not* ask about Gang of 8? 
Cleveland 
ccpecknold thanks. 
Our media wasn't prepared to responsibly cover a reality-TV candidate, or a conservative contest gt;gt; 
pgdumon thanks. Please follow me so I can DM you. 
dandrezner see if you can get Bernie to pay your tuition. 
dandrezner advanced degrees are for chumps 
pgdumon Wow. He lives in Shreveport, La. I don't know what the process would be for that. Thank you. 
Hillary attacked Sanders for not being sufficiently pro-auto bailout. Then she lost Michigan. 
SpareTimer dcexaminer Majority. This is before Idaho and Hawaii. 
The media wasn't prepared to responsibly cover a reality-TV candidate, or a conservative contest gt;gt; 
RandyEBarnett kerpen I'll wait for next Tuesday for that. 
If you grant Trump Fla., but grant Kasich Ohio, Trump needs 52.8 of remaining delegates in order to win w/o contested convention. 
A majority of delegates on any given night matters for Trump--if you cede him Fla, he needs 50.2 of the rest to avoid contested convention 
jeffspross Thanks, Tom Friedman. 
So far tonight Trump is on pace for a majority of delegates 
"In all likelihood, we're going to finish in second place" -- Kasich crowd cheers. These millennials, everyone gets a trophy. 
Kasich takes the stage here in Columbus. "We're very pleased with what's happened" in Michigan. 
marcambinder SteveKornacki jmartNYT I don't think Trump owns those pageants anymore. 
Anti-Trump consolidation may have earned Trump MORE delegates in Michigan. He's like a science fiction monster. 
Kasich watch party in Columbus. 
Our major media isn't up to the task of this election. 
donsurber If you saw her hair, her blouse, and her friendly face, you'd say the same thing. 
zombiezune I'm busy on the bad-polls beat, the small-hands beat, and the Ex-Im beat. 
A voter suggests he doesn't want to vote for Kasich because it could spark a contested convention "we don't trust those boys" in the RNC. 
A grandmother-looking lady in the Cleveland crowd tells Kasich that Cruz, Trump, Rubio "all need their mouth washed out with soap." 
jbouie brycecovert Is he wrong? 
Joelmentum jbarro I don't think Barro was saying I represent GOP leadership. 
Somebody needs to write the expose on John Kasich's lack of familiarity with the Dead Sea Scrolls. 
JustOKOnline you mean Sich 
"How are you going to trump Trump" is 1st Q for Kasich in Cleveland. "Getting into a personal attack game with him...I don't think works" 
Kasich says "our campaign has risen ... by staying out of the mud." He may be right, lending credence to the Rubio-murder-suicide line. 
Kasich makes an appeal (at least shows some sympathy) to Trump voters. "This anxiety is real..." 
I'm watching Kasich in Ohio, and as I noticed in N.H., I think he just loves running--on a personal level. 
JustinRaimondo Thanks, Justin! 
mldemmons thanks, man. 
My nephew Patrick has cerebral palsy and cannot walk. You can help him win a special bike, by voting (or giving) gt;gt; 
brianbeutler Did I say anything to the contrary? 
alittlelilypad brianbeutler That attitude of writing people off is not one that I think is useful or compassionate. 
brianbeutler WilliamNyikuli I think ppl generally aren't racist/not racist. It's a question of degree. Trump has stirred up the racism. 
brianbeutler WilliamNyikuli I reacted snarkily to the E C O N O M I C A N X I E T Y from libs, because I think it's stupidly dismissive. 
brianbeutler WilliamNyikuli I agree the racism and the economic anxiety are tied together. I think Trump is making ppl more racist... 
And mocking the idea that white people can be poor 
PeakLeftism perfect. 
In some serious ways, I think our political media is not up to the task of covering *this* election. Any supporting/contradicting evidence? 
Yeah, we have a Boise dateline in the Examiner today gt;gt; 
PARSING THE POLLS: Michigan's battle royale 
GeneSchwimmer It's all relative. 
Cheers to CNN mentioning, in an article on Trent Lott's disagreements with the GOP, that Lott is a highly paid corporate lobbyist. 
That's a good defense for Bonnie amp; Clyde. Or Hillary. 
Reuters misspelling Bloomberg's name is pretty good. 
PatrickDeneen I don't think  can be taught. 
byelin you mean two. 
Bloomberg styled himself a technocrat. But he was light on the  and heavy on the k gt;gt; 
Too bad. Bloomberg coulda split the wealthy corporatist hawk vote w/Hillary, the liberal vote with Trump, and tipped the election to Cruz. 
fshakir why is that not true? 
He's like a sci-fi monster. Consolidating the anti-Trump vote in Michigan will probably give him more delegates 
PARSING THE POLLS: Michigan's battle royale gt;gt; 
How Utah has nearly wiped out homelessness 
bg26892 could be a Sam Winter, no? (By the decoration on the stairs, I can tell this was Christmastime.) 
Not my favorite poem of the day. 
kausmickey JamesFallows No, Fallows is a rare one who actually tries to defend Ex-Im. Bold! 
I'm with Ted. Apple Jack is my favorite. 
Rubio is a good conservative, but he has a corporate welfare problem 
ryanbeckwith not at all. The furthest Left in both parties. 
You think you're his partner. You're really his latest mark. 
You think you're his partner, but you're his mark. 
Cruz SuperPAC blasts Rubio for sugar corporate welfare gt;gt; 
We see what you're doing, Newt. 
Excuse me, I'm speaking, for a quarter-million-dollar honorarium from the companies I subsidize with tax dollars. 
LeeCEldridge I was 6 then, so I played it safe in my tweet. What do you think? 
I think Cruz is more conservative than Rubio. I also think Rubio would be the most conservative GOP nominee since 1984--by a mile.  
Always remember, the Libyan war was Hillary's War: the war in Libya is spilling into Tunisia gt;gt; 
I imagine Trump will fill this in with Ohio amp; Fla. stops, no? 
Neoliberals Who Know Ex-Im Is Indefensible But HATE It Being Brought Up dot Tumblr dot Com 
By making the birth of the child the physical choice of the mom, the sexual revolution has made...child support a social choice of the dad. 
Again, I can't believe I've never read this Akerloff Yellen paper before: 
alittlelilypad I disagree that your "societal context" matters. 
RarefiedLevin It costs 1 penny 
alittlelilypad Sorry. These moderators and these candidates both bore me. Also Hillary will be the nominee. 
TheFix They are known unknowns. 
alittlelilypad Yup. 
Okay, I guess we're done with the good part of the debate. Goodnight. 
Export-Import Bank enriches the Clintons and their friends while slightly reducing the efficiency of the U.S. economy. 
sladesr Maybe donlemon can spot a future inmate in the cradle. 
sladesr Maybe he was scoping out the maternity wards this afternoon. 
Ex-Im does what the private sector would do (but Ex-Im has taxpayer backing): 
Three reasons ending the Export-Import Bank won't cost jobs 
The 'other countries are doing it' argument for Ex-Im is garbage gt;gt; 
Dow, King of Saudi Arabia, demand U.S. taxpayers finance their energy project  Ex-Im gt;gt; 
The rest of the debate is going to be about Ex-Im, right? 
Ex-Im's deal of the year last year subsidized a wind farm that was already operating gt;gt; 
Recall her ferocious defense of Ex-Im (a Wall St. subsidy), when Hillary plays populist vs. Cruz. 
Chinese state-owned bank (largest bank in the world) gets $75M loan from Ex-Im to buy private jets from Goldman 
The Export-Import Bank is the International Bank of Clinton 
Out of the $7.9B in Ex-Im's long-term guarantees last fiscal year, $5.5 billion went to subsidize Boeing sales 
Here's the corporate welfare agency Hillary wants to put 'on steroids' 
Caterpillar gets Ex-Im subsidies for selling stuff to Caterpillar 
conncarroll one near the beginning. 
Years from now, we'll talk about 2016: The Ex-Im election. 
conncarroll A bit. 
Haters gonna hate. 
If you're interested in the Export-Import Bank, may I suggest my 2006 book, The Big Ripoff, with a chapter on it. 
The SEXIEST 
Hillary had telegraphed her defense of Ex-Im, which is unsurprising given her closeness to Wall St., K St., amp; Boeing 
isaacncohen Not a conservative, but these types: 
alittlelilypad He's a Jr. Senator from Vt. She's former Sec of State and a multi-millionaire. You're right there's no social parity. 
Some conservatives will complain about a double-standard. Truth is, the double-standard is good. It's part of being a civliized culture. 
Again, Lazio's move would have been fine vs. a man. But it was a boorish thing to do to a woman. 
Which is why Donald would have to change his style IMMENSELY, or he would crater. Imagine him treating Hillary how he treats Marco or Jeb... 
Equality is great, but manners still require you treat a woman with more respect than you would treat a man. 
Hillary's SuperPACs and K Street friends attack Bernie for opposing Export-Import Bank's corporate welfare 
PoppaofNormandy expressing my opinion and making my argument isn't "telling you what to think" or keeping the voters from deciding. 
"Stop telling us what to think! Let the people decide!" is another very weird response Trump-backers give me often. 
TheStalwart JustinWolfers daveweigel five state-like-jurisdictions. Five American provinces. Five ridings... 
JustinWolfers daveweigel Cauctest? 
"Remember when I told you I was going to kill you last, Donald?" -John Katrix 
Conan the Barbertonian 
"I'll be back-ing Kasich." 
daveweigel Or when you want a generic term, such as "...four nominating contests on Saturday..." 
Peyton Manning is one of those heart-warming stories of an earlier brother catching up to the later, better model. 
PedersenRobert Here: The slavery poll isn't PPP, though, it's the kind of thing they would do. 
RyJamesG Sure, because they're predicting the states he'll win in the future. I'm hiding from that truth by looking only at the present. 
Wow. The K Street wing of the Democratic Party is beginning to attack Bernie for opposing the Export-Import Bank. 
By my math, realDonaldTrump was below 50 of delegates, and last night he dropped further below. 
JAMyerson it will give Trump La. tonight, for one thing. 
I dislike early voting. 
MZHemingway such cultish followers. So creepy. 
gary13marko a Q: do you think immigrants are unusually likely to sell drugs? 
alweaver22 
So far Dana Bash hasn't asked Rubio about immigration. I've got to imagine she will. She has to, right? 
... 3. Can you just admit that Gang of 8 was a rookie mistake? 4. Do you still believe regime change in Libya was a good idea? 
Were I intvwing Rubio. I'd ask 1 Why shld a conservative support you vs Cruz? 2 How does yr sugar policy differ from Trump's protectionism? 
If DanaBashCNN is concerned about the tone of campaigning, she should read this: 
CNN rewards, ceaselessly, Trump's clownishness. Now Dana Bash hounds Rubio for getting in the mud with him. 
Rubio gently pins some blame for Trump on cable news -- and he's correct. 
This is the weirdest part of Trumpistan--the Randian wealth worshippers gt;gt; 
Rubio says the American Dream isn't about becoming a billionaire, but having a home, and retiring "in dignity." Obvious, but important. 
Rubio's dig at Trump as a hijacker of the conservative movement got a roar--prolonged standing ovation--at CPAC. 
Standing O for Rubio saying young ppl "won't have a chance if the conservative movement is hijacked by someone who is not a conservative." 
"I think there's a growing amount of confusion about what conservatism is." Rubio says it's built on "a set of principles..." 
Rubio obliquely acknowledges the anger that drives Trump's support is justifiable anger. 
Rubio says "being a conservatism cannot mean ... how many names you're willing to call people."  
Rubio takes the stage at CPAC and recalls CPAC 2010, when he was the Tea Party insurgent. 
Rubio intro speaker: "He is one of the all-time most conservative members of the United States Senate," with a 98 lifetime ACU rating  
Rubio is delayed at CPAC. Was scheduled for 11:35, and they're bringing on a different speaker first. 
This is exactly the sort of poll one should doubt because of PPP's bias and willingness to be an activist org gt;gt; 
My CPAC discussion starting now in Chesapeake 5. 
This was my old boss's last CPAC appearance, in 2008. 
faulknermiguel Thanks. I am populist by sentiment, but am totally convinced that free trade is by far best for the country. 
Abortion amp; contraception, "by eroding the age-old custom of shotgun marriage...raised out-of-wedlock birth rates instead of lowering them. " 
jneeley78 yup. Never knew it existed. 
w0rlddiver I think my wife was kissing me less because of it. 
obamuh Corporatism doesn't imply any corruption necessarily. It's an economic/political philosophy/outlook. 
obamuh I actually don't really use cronyism, except that other people do. When I do, it conveys some corruption or insidery-dealing. 
I just found a paper co-authored by Janet Yellen that I can't believe I've never seen before. 
w0rlddiver I just shaved, so yeah. 
My CPAC discussion on corporatism and cronyism is tomorrow at 10:40 am, and it'll end just before Rubio speaks. 
normative what happens on the dark side.... 
m0veablebeast look at the date on the article. 
FHQ Did you see my 16.667 and 50 stuff on the CDs. I think that slightly differs from your read (kind of). 
Louisiana's delegate allocation is very confusing 
AlexNowrasteh I know. You've said that many times, but never addressed my arguments and explanations. 
peterkay he's taking advantage of the dynamic I explained--and that the GOP refused to deal with. 
This has become my saddest column: "The heart of that coalition should be the working class. The message: populism." 
faulknermiguel mitchellvii Where do I call them that? here? or here? 
Kentucky is kind of the Ed Whitfield of states. 
Gee. I wonder why all these working-class Democrats are looking at Trump these days. 
Is Trump an evil, lawless despot-wannabe; or is he just an ignorant blowhard?  
daveweigel No empty seats. 
jbarro Iowa. 
jalmcpherson that JimBovard paper from the 1990s helped shape my politics and career. 
Honestly, vox amandataub, you should remove that freed-the-slaves line. It's false. 
Bad journalism is not helpful, vox: "Twenty percent said Lincoln shouldn't have freed the slaves." 
davischip94 Trump is the most likely. Cruz is the least likely. 
Rule of Law and transparency are on the wrong side of history, I guess. 
Cruz and Rubio are both conservative, both flawed, and both infinitely better than Trump. I hope all conservatives can grant that. 
A typical reaction to my column: "So Trump is going to f*** us? And that's different from all of the previous bulls**t artists how???" 
Trump convinces the vulnerable that they can be his partners  when really they're his marks. 
It would be hard to imagine a quicker or more complete flip-flop. // Trump on immigration gt;gt; 
Trump flip-flop on key immigration issue 
hiddenAmericans Thanks. And I love disagreement. 
Trump is a con man, and you're his latest mark  my column gt;gt; 
salimfurth Was Needham the one yelling? 
jesseberney Watch what you say. 
This was the best-moderated debate of the year. 
What is Kasich for? 
"He is a strong leader..."Hes got an 80 percent approval rating." realDonaldTrump      on Putin 
marincogan Isn't a sandwich named after what's in the middle? Otherwise they'd all be "bread sandwiches" 
KSoltisAnderson MZHemingway Yeah. Last week he was asked about participation and answered about serving. 
MZHemingway I think last week he slyly dodged the Q, and this week he gave the conservative answer. 
Kasich pretended last week that the debate was about selling cupcakes. Today he admits it's about forced participation. 
Trump tries to save his deliberate abusive interruptions for Rubio. When he interrupts Ted, it's because he loses control. 
If you're unemployed in Florida, realDonaldTrump blames you, for being unwilling to do the work for which he hires foreign guest workers. 
Exactly. We still expect men to treat women with respect. America would be appalled. 
Trump hasn't attacked the audience yet. 
Or bathroom break. 
I think we've found our third-party candidate. 
Now Trump hates Megyn Kelly even more. 
neeratanden Good point. 
jneeley78 Why is he not allowed to say Saudi Arabia? 
TKoteskey76 marcorubio yup. 
ralphgot You, Ralph. I blame you. 
What the hell is Trump talking about with this 9/11 families thing? 
"They won't refuse. They're not going to refuse me. Believe me." Trump vaguely threatening officers who refuse to follow his illegal orders. 
Kasich is right. Our Libya invasion was a mistake--and Hillary is to blame. 
Good question from Bret to Rubio on boots on the ground. 
"I have the best words. ,... No. No YERR the liar." 
"I have the best words ... It has a really short season. It's called--the season." 
I actually Trump would build the wall, but fail to deliver on any other immigration promises. 
Cruz is correct to oppose guest-worker program. 
Donald Trump: "I'm changing." 
mattsheffield Fair point. 
Does he think "off the record" is about a politician promising not to reveal the journalists' questions? 
Trump will "deal" away his immigration promises gt;gt; 
Trump thinks it's okay for him to own overseas businesses while president as long as his children manage them? 
Cruz has decided to evade every question. 
Megyn just threw a softball to Cruz. I think he's going to smash it. 
Trumpcare a mixture of socialism and incoherence 
Donald Trump literally has no idea what he's talking about on budget. Fox is demonstrating that now. The man is a clueless boor. 
"The Department of Environmental Protection" doesn't exist. Common Core is not a federal spending program. 
ConnollyDC He just passed BBC. 
I actually cannot recall meeting someone who is as much of an a-hole as realDonaldTrump is. 
Kasich scolds us. "This is boring to me." 
Trump is citing the worst national poll. It's not a poll of likely voters, and it's margin of error is huge gt;gt; 
"I have the best words ... Urr Urr Urr" 
I'm glad we have Ted Cruz here to make the debate more sober and responsible. 
Here's my column on Trump's winning--but wrong--trade stance gt;gt; 
rtnsparky brithume dcexaminer I'm confused. Are you the idiot, or am I? What does "I You are an idiot" mean? 
Same. 
Trump is a con man, and you're his latest mark 
My favorite White Privilege is the right to form my own views. 
Or you could've just skipped that whole ill-considered-war-serving-no-U.S-interest part 
"Regulations are regressive," Paul Ryan says at CPAC, pointing to higher food costs, lower employment, et cetera. 
...So the lawyer says, "Sorry, Mr. Trump. They're allowed to lie about you. It's the law." 
...The lawyer can't say, "'TRUMP IS AWESOME' is an opinion that people are free to reject, Mr. Trump." He's Trump's lawyer, after all... 
...So he goes to his lawyer, and says, "this reporter's story makes me sound less than amazing, let's sue him."... 
...He believes that, maybe, because as a narcissist, realDonaldTrump sees anything negative about him as per se false--a lie.... 
Here's the most innocent explanation of Trump's libel-law plan: He thinks a journalist is currently allowed to knowingly lie about him... 
otterom Thanks. In school, my teachers told me there were no dumb answers. 
None of my Quora answers has ever received an upvote. 
Michael2014abc nicktjacob happy to help. Michael, do you have full context of rage quote? 
Michael2014abc nicktjacob what about my dumbshit? 
jeffspross On that score, have I told you about how I dislike Obama's corporatism, blended with populist posturing? 
BenjySarlin like New Jersey? 
Kyle_Feldscher I think the debate helped Rubio and Cruz in almost every state, esp. Rubio in Va. 
This was an incorrect prediction gt;gt; 
Kyle_Feldscher You stand behind this still? 
sethdmichaels Jim Himes/Heidi Heitkamp: Himes/Heit, 20/20 
Already, these jokes are getting cornea andyhre 
Oh man. The 20/20 puns are going to be unbearable in the presidential election 4 years from now. 
byelin Good call. Maher is a little more openly hateful. 
I just realized the answer to your "Who Would Be the Left's Donald realDonaldTrump?" question, chrislhayes. It would be neiltyson! 
You mean primarily by earning free coverage from CNN and Morning Joe through being a clown? 
mattyglesias TmBttn Not true. Matt and I have met in DC and Philly, and he's a nice guy. 
Trump epitomizes the worst of what the elites think the rest of us are: crazy, racist jackasses. 
Bernie Crowd with a very 1939 theme. 
I think so. 
Delegate math suggests Trump is not a shoo-in gt;gt; 
Why this guy's $100 jeans are his argument against free trade. 
Republicans are devoted to free trade. That created Trump's opening gt;gt; 
POWER RANKINGS: Cruz is Trump's top challenger gt;gt; 
PARSING THE POLLS -- Rubio's hope: 'The erosion has already begun'  
Super Hump Day. 
KSoltisAnderson I thought it was "hole" 
jesseberney I blame your education. 
jesseberney NEVER TRUST THE LIBERAL MEDIA 
willrahn Coups always bring lasting peace. 
Marcosota! 
RyanRadia He would need a NET of 3.3. Kasich voters have non-zero overlap with Trump supporters. 
Club for Growth calls for Trump to be stopped. 
Current numbers -- 3.2 Trump margin, and Kasich below 10 -- undermines my case that Kasich was the spoiler. 
DouthatNYT jbouie ToryAnarchist I agree. 
jbouie ToryAnarchist Second, anecdotally, I've met many of them this year: Reagan, Bill Clinton, Obama, Trump backers. 
jbouie ToryAnarchist Here's one bit of evidence: 
jbouie ToryAnarchist I was just saying the Reagan Democrats never landed in the GOP. 
baseballcrank SeanTrende The CNN poll of *registered* voters with a 5 MoE? 
jbouie ToryAnarchist These people aren't religious right, and they're not free traders. They were Perot, and since then, absent. 
"We don't have a well defined path to victory," Carson campaign says gt;gt; 
Do we know who Trump's excavator friend is, whom he refers to in the Caterpillar/Komatsu story? 
stanveuger TheStalwart Hillary so far has won Austin, too. 
wilsonkanaday Drumpf 
Super Tuesday searches 
Rubio won Austin, TheStalwart 
JohnFeehery Good for you. I'm glad. 
JohnFeehery So you've changed your mind? 
There's no way Planned Parenthood would take that deal--stop aborting babies for some federal money. 
"I have the best words.... Now they're leaving from places they used to move to..." 
Donald Trump: The lobbyists' dream come true gt;gt; 
"Donald Trump will do more for the middle class and low-income workers" Trump's trade pitch gt;gt; 
The other Charlie Crist (Rick Scott) will endorse Trump? 
Hmm, Trump's Va. margin of victory is now 4.4. Kasich is at only 8.8. If that holds, it's actually tough to call Kasich the spoiler. 
chrislhayes jbarro It's like those times I root for the Eagles so the Giants can get a Wildcard spot. 
totalstaples charlescwcooke I piss off a lot of people. 
seanmdav ChrisStirewalt And it may not even be good statistics. But I think if Kasich's total is 4X Trump's win, he's a spoiler. 
ChrisStirewalt seanmdav Not just geography 
Every Va. demographic where Kasich overperformed by a lot was also a strong Rubio demographic 
I parsed the exit polls, and I think they show Kasich won Virginia for Trump gt;gt; 
"We're not going to be the stupid people anymore ... We're going to be the brilliant people." 
klejdys free-trade-skeptic? 
Trump's trade policy is basically Gangster Government 
I went to Southwest Virginia to report on Trump's anti-trade stance. 
The toss up in Va. means Rubio gained double digits in that debate. 
Virginia voters seek the "lesser of two evils" 
Basically every infomercial convinces me I need to buy the product. 
StephenGutowski Ha. Every other sign at this location was Kasich. 
StephenGutowski Centreville -- Center Ridge school 
We set up for exit intvws next to a "FAIRFAX DEMOCRATS" sign, figuring that must be outside perimeter. Poll guy chased us off. Left sign up. 
bobbyross MZHemingway Except the high priest of Thor would be a Mets fan. 
There will be no news until polls close. 
CNN's nat'l poll putting Trump at 49 is of *registered* voters, not likely voters, and has a margin of error of 5 
gordonsjones1 I think I wrote about 5 on Marco's sugar problem over the years. 
ZachWahls Yes, and this by kdrum is perhaps the most important (most depressing) post of the election 
A day later, my Rubio-Trump-penis-joke article is still getting a lot of clicks. For some reason, more than my Rubio-sugar-policy pieces did 
But still, Trump's way ahead. 
CNN's nat'l poll putting Trump at 49 is of *registered* voters, not likely voters, and has a margin of error of 5. 
Obama could have written this, TuckerCarlson 
Occam's razor: Stephen Curry has a telekinesis. 
Quite a piece: "The New Republic's New Owner Covered Up The Fact That Oregon's Governor Was a Rapist"  
Now the BLM folks left and the Berners are still here. 
chrislhayes lpolgreen also, they may have been fine with Reagan, but it GHWB, Romney, Dole, et c. 
So, the ejected BLMers are gathered outside the arena, right outside the exit door. 
lpolgreen half true. 
Black Lives Matter totally derailed Trump during his anti-trade speech. 
Socialist protestors climb onto the roof. 
IvanTheK me. 
Trump promises special 35 tariff for companies that move jobs overseas. 
Overflow crowd getting a tiny bit rowdy. Chanting "Let us in!" 
Some liberals are even worse at criticizing Trump than conservatives are. 
cebpollster ellencarmichael He had to get the attention of our peurile cable news media. Now he has it. 
Exactly. The con-man knock is true and relevant. Small hands, not so much. 
stanveuger I'm relying heavily on that conspiracy. 
My opinion: Rubio had to get into the mud, and any journalist who blames him for it is silly. But he should get out starting today. 
Sharpe222 Good point. I hadn't considered that tack. 
This Vox poll seems to have some pretty glaring bias and leading questions. 
Tactically, it may be time for Rubio to get out of the mud, and move onto courting his voters. 
stanveuger I think your Harvard degree protects you fine. I rely on the good graces of my very highly educated friends for protection. 
StephenGutowski dcexaminer Paul and Ceci were very nice. 6 kids. Expecting grandkid No. 10. 
stanveuger We should talk about this at length. I hope to write a book on it. Perhaps you and I could get in a tank together and think. 
stanveuger I feel like that's a Tyler Cowen point. Old inefficiencies, blurring low-skilled w/skilled, were good for equality. 
"I liked him until he got down in the mud w/Trump," Paul said. His wife granted: "It's disrespectful to the office." 
JSwiftTWS This is going in an uncomfortable direction. 
"I hate to put it this way," Jonathan Tarris said at the Rubio rally, "but you have to stoop to Trump's level." 
"I don't understand why he has hands the size of someone who's 5'2. You know what they say about men w/small hands" 
saxe17 you mean "Sad!" 
stanveuger Sure. I don't think that refutes Noonan or me. 
Trende's second installment corrects the error--both Left amp; Right--that the "Missing White Voter" is conservative 
stanveuger Please state explicitly the thesis you are hinting at. 
dtipson This is about the last 8 years, mostly. 
...that is, what we thought was the religious right vote (Huck/Santorum) was RR + Populist. The "moderate" vote was moderate+non-ideological 
Trende's pre-Iowa Trumpsplainer hints at a key point: Trump is exposing previously hidden lines between the factions 
stanveuger Good Q. Because the non-white unprotecteds already have a political home 
Noonan's framework--the unprotected vs. the protected--is spot on in describing the Trump folk I've met and those I call the "elites." 
Manderskat Just finished Peggynoonannyc's Trump piece. You should read it. 
I'm doing a morning of Trump reading, featuring Noonan, Dougherty, and Trende. 
I was in a Roanoke bar. None of the patrons or staff had even heard of Spotlight. 
JGreenDC marcorubio I was in the room. Witness to History 
YGBSM It's a fine camp. 
michaelbd Thanks, bro. 
I updated my personal ideological disclosure to reflect that I'm basically in the Crubio camp. 
"I liked him until he got down in the mud with Trump," 
"You know what they say about men with small hands." Marco inaugurates the penis-joke era of presidential politics: 
SALEM, VA -- With penis jokes and spray-tan riffs, Rubio gets in the mud with Trump. My dispatch gt;gt; 
FlatTopper18 charlescwcooke I think you read the wrong story. 
HaugenROC same. 
gzornick You write in favor of the Export-Import Bank. 
FlatTopper18 charlescwcooke You don't read well, do you? 
HaugenROC It was a passing mention. Much shorter than Cruz would have done. 
Marco goes after "corporatism" and "cronyism" in Roanoke. 
"You know what they say about men with small hands..." Marco just now. 
Has someone done a feature on the scoreboards at P2016 events? 
Trump sent them all back after they built his hotel. 
FlatTopper18 charlescwcooke what exactly is your problem with the tweet or article? 
Roanoke College is an absurdly courteous host. 
stanveuger jpodhoretz charlescwcooke Maybe he should bring in Zwarte Piet to campaign for him. 
pegobry I should set up a debate on this. 
Wait. I just saw the video. Why are we talking about anything besides Stephen Curry? 
MarioMangiameli adesnik Such as Trump's illegal Polish workers. 
Rap Battle by MikeBeas 
showbiz1111 I think about that every day. 
adesnik Fair point. I hadn't considered that. 
michaelbd Aww, I read you. Re-send the url. 
A wall will be an economic boon -- to Siemens or whoever gets the fed contract, and the illegals hired by subcontractors to lay the bricks. 
Regarding a wall: 40 percent of illegals are visa overstays. Of the other 60 percent, some entered by plane, boat, or northern border. 
Also, Trump's not going to build that wall if his financing depends on Threaten Trade War With Mexico Unless They Pay For It. 
bryantmcgraw pegobry EQUALITY! 
JohnofAustria MarkSKrikorian One day you should visit one of these places called airports. Or read up on the notion of visa overstay 
JohnofAustria Only if he destroys the country so much that no one wants to come here, despite the subsidies he'll give guest workers. 
MarkSKrikorian Do you doubt for a second that Trump would sell out to K Street and the Chamber on immigration? 
staphwriter Yeah. That worked while it lasted. 
pegobry Wall; more guest workers; some token, arbitrary deportations. 
... To beat him, the first step is mockery (Rubio's got that down). The second is acknowledging the suffering. Third is solutions. 
...That's half the game. Of course, he would deliver zero policies to *help* people--his support for guest-worker programs is a tell... 
... Trump has some of the right bad guys, but mostly his "bad guys" are the Mexicans and China. He's won on *defining the enemy* ... 
...Republicans did that a tiny bit, but it was too gauche for most of them to go after bailout barons and subsidy sucklers. So enter Trump.. 
Some of us suggested Republicans could alter that approach and call out the actual bad guys--the insiders rigging the game in their favor... 
Liberals have always known that you can't just promise to help people. You have to fight *against* someone. So they pick the Kochs, etc... 
A President Trump's immigration policies would do nothing to alleviate working-class wage decline and stagnation. I promise you. 
jsende michaelbd Your analysis should acknowledge that Trump will do nothing to address the problems he taps into. 
It's Sunday morning. Read my piece from Thursday on Trump's victims. This is now becoming a theme gt;gt; 
derekahunter touch 
daveweigel Only one thing is ever true at a time. 
PatShortridge baseballcrank He has a "press event" in Florida coming up. 
One email to me refers to "your girl Hillary," and the next suggests Trump is actually the Antichrist. 
trogdor8768 Most anti-recliners are Hillary supporters. 
trogdor8768 I don't actually recline unless the seat behind me is empty. But I reserve the right to, and never begrudge recliners. 
Old story, but I'm glad this anti-recliner got blasted in the face. Reclining is a property right. 
RichLowry jpodhoretz I haven't. 
In exquisite fashion. 
Is Ted Cruz next? 
"Trump's a con man." -Donald Trump 
_Luisss Have you read it? You should buy a copy. 
chrislhayes this is the sort of thing I was trying to refute with my Trump-as-Liberal post: 
China has 116 boys per 100 girls. The standard biological ratio is 105:100 
BillKristol krauthammer JRubinBlogger JonahNRO RichLowry JohnofAustria freddoso I don't think the French should dictate our politics. 
jbouie I was just thinking the same thing. 
Loki4Us stableford Ah. My premise was that poll questions were flawed and the reporting was worse. 
Loki4Us stableford I kind of forgot about that. 
Loki4Us stableford have you seen Lindsey Graham's views on war, civil liberties, and corporate welfare? 
Why are 1 in 20 black people pro-slavery? 
Trump is capitalizing on the view the media lies to the people. Sometiimes it seems to me that's true 
jbarro You're quoting what one reporter chose to pick out from two speakers and representing it as the totality of conservative donor views 
Hey, stableford, are you going to report on the "unsettling beliefs held by the voters propelling" HRC amp; Bernie? 
libbyanelson Sanders supporters were 2X as likely as Rubio supporters to "disapprove of Lincoln freeing the slaves" 
I guess speaking and writing against him for yrs doesn't count? I shoulda pretended Jeb was a decent candidate? 
What the hell, kristymcampbell? 
jacobgrier So this beverage is real? 
I think US News, Vox, Yahoo, amp; others did journalistic malpractice in that Emancipation Proclamation poll story 
Why are Hillary voters more than twice as likely as Rubio voters to favor internment? 
Do 5 of black voters really disapprove of freeing the slaves? 
Why are Sanders voters nearly twice as likely as Rubio voters to 'disapprove of Lincoln freeing the slaves'? 
My favorite line from a Trump U ad: "We'll help you by teaching you how to profit from the $700 billion bailout" 
GabrielRossman I hid it from my kids, and now I don't know where it is. 
GabrielRossman Don't tweet Frank Miller at bedtime. 
stanveuger KevinWGlass CalebWatney Mine have so far. 
KStreetHipster An ill-fitting suit. 
SlexAxton chrislhayes Exactly. Next thing you'll have conservative guests on. 
williamjordann politicalmath Describing (wordily), but not naming the orders seems like saying "should we ban dihydrogen monoxide"? 
LornestoToledo That's from Kasich people, so of course it's mealy-mouthed 
This is probably a virtue to his voters. 
jasoneshelly You ended your tweet with  which was close enough. 
The thing about this scolding line is that for half of America it doesn't seem that way 
jasoneshelly MY NAME IS JEAN VALJEAN 
williamjordann politicalmath It seems like the idea was to hide the ball so that respondents wouldn't know what they were being asked. 
Donald Trump is a con-man 
williamjordann politicalmath Got it. 
williamjordann politicalmath also, why didn't YouGov use the words "emancipation proclamation" or "internment"? 
williamjordann politicalmath what does that mean? Where did she get the numbers? She said YouGov data "revealed" that. 
politicalmath I literally spent 30 minutes searching YouGov's crosstabs to see if I was missing what she had written on vavreck 
politicalmath Did YouGov give those crosstabs to vavreck, but not publish them until days later? 
politicalmath I'm just wondering why YouGov didn't publish those cross-tabs on the first publication of cross tabs. 
politicalmath follow her link. Tell me of you can find that breakdown in YouGov's results. 
politicalmath I couldn't even find cross tabs on the emancipation proclamation Q by candidate support 
politicalmath I'm past defending Trump from unfair smears. 
yeselson Sure. Why not? 
TheStalwart We'll see the response. 
I write this not to persuade my Trumpkin followers, but to discomfit my liberal friends via DCExaminer 
Trump-Christie represents the highpoint of the liberal wing of the GOP gt;gt; 
I read this as: Brass wanted MOAR TRUMP, and she wanted to do her show. 
MHP stands up for herself. Good. 
Pat Buchanan, too! 
nygrlnla GOP That would be smod2016 
MarkCalabria That's kind of confusing. 
JayCostTWS seanmdav bdomenech razshafer It helped him. It didn't save him. 
What's the precedent for a country euthanizing itself like this? 
bdomenech razshafer Trump needs his buffer. 
When was the last time we beat Japan--at anything?! 
jbarro Just run it on the "right" websites. 
jbarro we need a Racists-Against-Trump SuperPAC to cut that into an ad. 
I know many conservative guys kinda leaning towards Cruz, while their wives are 100 for Rubio. 
chrislhayes kausmickey I'm going to do that now mostly to correct the liberals who want to paint Trump as ultra-conservative. 
CorbinHiar sunk cost fallacy? 
Did "-mentum" start with Lieberman's "Joementum" in 2004? That's where I first heard it. 
Kasich's Narrow View of Religious Liberty by rameshponnuru 
reihan Gracias. 
Let this be exhibit A in realDonaldTrump's libel case against me. 
By defending political speech only by media companies, Hillary could be the 1st Amendment champion, relatively speaking, in November. 
That libel line from Trump is going to make his fans much more hostile in email and Twitter. 
Donald Trump has failed repeatedly as a businessman, and people who trusted him have paid the price 
Selling the rope with which Trump will hang us 
Hillary vs Trump will be two candidates dedicated to silencing "hit pieces" 
Trump against the first amendment. 
Trump literally declares that he wants to make it easier to silence "hit pieces" 
He's basically a HuffPo candidate 
Eugenics. No other word for it. 
The Establishment! 
The more liberal the voter, the stronger his poll numbers, he's a Schumer donor, a longtime Democrat, 
Support for funding Planned Parenthood, universal healthcare, ethanol mandate, no limits on govt power, 
Some people still think Trump is a conservative 
Neil_Irwin heavy. 
Christie would endorse Hillary over any other Republican, probably. 
Props. 
Gimme a gif of Christie's side-hug. 
Area liberal endorses Trump. 
davidharsanyi yeah. I'm dubious about this fraud case. 
realDonaldTrump you're repeating yourself. 
This is true. 
Looser 
Some people are very drawn to the inchoate bluster. 
pegobry Heminator Gormogons and it is obviously not written out of malice. 
pegobry Heminator Gormogons it coulda been written more artfully, but I try not to be delicate. I think Catholics ought not be. 
If he won't stand up to Trump or for religious liberty, what's the point of Kasich? 
crobmatthews Think of all the trees Piketty could have saved had he replaced his book with a two-sided handout. 
The best arguments against capitalism come not from Piketty or Bernie, but from the fact that Chris Hughes and Donald Trump are rich. 
univac528 It does make me question capitalism. 
Rubio: Trump is a 'con artist' He's correct. And you may be his mark 
Donald Trump can't spell fourth-grade words. As he would say: Shoker! 
I actually thought the white-gold people were lying or joking. 
Considering the source--favoring war and corporate welfare at every turn-- his makes me warm to the GOP. 
ReportingfromNY no. No one will die on a sidewalk under President Trump. 
Got another email telling me President Trump will have me fired unless I get behind him. 
Look, Bernie! We already have public financing of campaigns. 
timhoward717 did you used to work at Fannie? 
Bloodthirsty Iraq/Libya/Syria hawk finds another brown person he wants dead gt;gt; 
Kasich so far in favor of locking people in rooms and compelling photographers to shoot weddings. 
MattWelch burn 
TheEclectic I want Rubio or Cruz to say that to realDonaldTrump 
What, has Planned Parenthood moved onto Damp;Cs against toddlers now? 
Wolf, you made this mess. 
"Say Shut The F*amp;k Up You Blowhard Charlatan" 
Wolf seems dedicated to giving Trump the last word. That was his third or fourth bailout attempt of Trump. 
Cruz posting the video online, and Rubio saying "Google it," is key. Trump is so truth-free, you need to do this. 
timhoward717 JoshRosner SleipnirPerkins mikercarney brianmcarney carney Again, a Harry Reid/Obama donor judging conservatism... 
That's what the Kasich questions are for 
Kasich won't attack Trump. He won't defend religious liberty. He has no business still being here. 
Wolf bails out Trump for a second or third time. 
Kasich seems to think the Dead Sea Scrolls are inscrutable. I've never understood that to be the case. 
"I don't repeat myself. I don't repeat myself." -Donald Trump 
Rubio is right -- he really pissed off the insurance companies by blocking the risk-corridor bailouts. 
WE HAVE TO GET RID OF THE LINES AROUND TEH STATES 
Would Kasich compel (or allow states to compel) a photographer to shoot a gay/polygamous/arranged/straight wedding she opposed morally? 
Kasich doesn't believe in religious liberty protections for businessmen. 
Trump probably has no idea Planned Parenthood aborts about a third of babies who get aborted in the U.S. each year 
Planned Parenthood is at bottom, about abortion. Trump doesn't understand that. I don't believe he's pro-life: 
TheStalwart I hate that sort of question. 
These last few questions are awful. Softball to Cruz, badgering Rubio, "Kasich, attack these guys..." 
Exactly 
"We need to make sure everyone has a sense that they can rise," Kasich says. Everyone but guest workers, who must go home. 
Can we get back to ethanol? And then move on to Ex-Im? 
DylanByers the Telemundo moderator--that was the premise of the question. 
Rubio's clearly beating Trump on substance, but Trump, by being a bigger bully, wins alpha-points. 
My column from Iowa: Cruz kills the ethanol lobby gt;gt; 
Is every question from Telemundo for Rubio? 
Wolf is gonna give Trump the stage again. 
Wolf is trying to give Trump this debate. 
Kasich's preferred guest-worker program is exploitative corporate welfare 
This is Trump-as-Joker. Totally irrelevant attack. (Also, Wolf gives Trump the last word.) 
Chuck Schumer is Donald Trump's type of politician. Honestly. Think about it. 
I want to reiterate that BuzzFeed wrote that guest worker story months before the NYT wrote the same story 
How will Trump respond to Rubio's hotel attack? 
jbarro It's about the 18th-best cheese border. Honestly, sharp cheddar border is much better. 
Trump for amnesty. 
pye It's so annoying. When they unfairly attack Trump people, I feel so torn. Do I waste a couple of hours setting the record straight? 
pye Headline is totally false for about three reasons. 
If Cruz or Rubio thinks taking out the other guy will can do the trick, they are mistaken. 
Exactly right. This is how I will be choosing whom I support. 
geoffreyhawkins conncarroll They are running ads at least. 
BTW, looks like the debate starts at 9. 
Teachers' Union Opposes Pay Raises for Teachers 
Trump failed again and again, shoving his losses onto the people who put their trust in him 
In bizarro-world, Senators Dewhurst and Crist debate Mike Bloomberg just before Super Tuesday. 
PARSING THE POLLS: Trump wins in two-way GOP races gt;gt; 
JoshRosner mikercarney brianmcarney carney WHOA! Defensiveness! I asked a question. Are any of your clients GSE investors? 
"The other guy quitting" isn't winning a strategy, men. You have to take him down. 
Guys, winnowing the field down won't knock off Trump. He leads Rubio, Cruz, and Kasich in GOP head-to-heads 
Hillary waits to eviscerate Trump with a parade of his victims // my column gt;gt; 
JoshRosner mikercarney brianmcarney carney Are you paid for your advocacy for GSE investors? Are any of your clients invested in GSEs? 
... You'll recall, that's what Joe Biden did in his 2012 debate, and it worked. It's how Trump beat Jeb. Unfair. Depressing. True. 
You don't argue with Trump. You criticize him, and he comes back in a bizarre, unpredictable, indecent way, and you look lost. 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney You tried to deny you are a DNC donor without denying it, while posing as the judge of conservatism. 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney You prove yourself uninterested in truth when you respond this way, Josh: 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney You really going to argue this way? 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney DNC donors are not in a position to officiate who is a pseudo-conservative, Josh. 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney Sorry for the unclarity. I wasn't calling you a troll. I was refering the anonymous twitter fanniegaters 
JoshRosner brianmcarney carney Your arguments constantly slide from one claim to the next. Are you Trump's debate coach? 
JoshRosner This claim from you and your troll friends, that agreeing with his brothers is a conflict, is bizarre brianmcarney carney 
JoshRosner brianmcarney Funny you ask an irrelevant, illogical question, carney answers it, and you get snooty. 
tomgara I'm 2-for-2 so far. (Trump hasn't won yet.) 
Rubio making a fatal mistake if he doesn't attack Trump 
willwilkinson Is this good news for Cruz? 
BuzzFeedAndrew That's standard for them. 
JonahNRO In Twitter's defense, I assume that they consider this the "ignore this complaint from an oversensitive customer" button. 
JeffYoung Actually, the poll doesn't say that. 
This article seems to leave the clear impression that Pope Francis supports gay marriage. (Which is totally false.) 
chrislhayes that's my experience. I'm asking brianstelter because he's a media reporter who probably knows when the candidates start. 
Dear brianstelter , what time do the candidates take the stage tonight? 
Fired Up! Ready to Go! 
CNN says debate starts at 8:30 pm Eastern. What time does the debate actually start? 
rschles poll question was worded very confusingly. Also cross tabs don't show responses broken down by candidate. 
cynicusprime NARAL called him "checkered" on abortion. 
Does anyone honestly believe Obama would consider a SCOTUS nominee who wasn't totally dedicated to abortion? 
The headlines should read "WH claims Obama is considering Sandoval." 
It is a central argument by Trump people on Twitter that all critical journalists will be fired under Pres. Trump 
rschles I think that's basically false. 
nickconfessore does that mean abortion? 
On January 20, 2025. 
Does TurboTax's "Audit Risk" tool take into account that we are probably going to get a ruthless vindictive President? 
jonathanchait philipaklein Ehh, I don't see choosing-the-least-bad as a crucial part of this calculus. 
If you wanted real answers: "Do you support the Emancipation Proclamation, Lincoln's executive order that freed slaves in Southern states?" 
11 reasons this conservative would never, ever, ever, vote Trump 
I trust PPP's pure horserace polls. But given the bad faith PPP has repeatedly shown, I discard all their other results. 
Poll results on complex policy matters are entirely determined by wording. For most pollster's that's an obstacle. For PPP, an opportunity. 
Honestly. Look at how YouGov describes these executive orders. They tried to maximize the confusion. 
Why wouldn't YouGov say "do you support the Emancipation Proclamation"? I bet 99 of the NOs had no idea what the question was asking. 
PPP and other pollsters seem to mislead the people they're polling so they can get a headline. It's like "Would You End Women's Suffrage?" 
jeffspross rortybomb 
I'll try, but it won't be easy. 
Not the word I would choose. 
With the RepChrisCollins nod, Trump is locking up the liberal New York crony capitalist endorsements. 
ByronTau PoliticoKevin CGasparino But if Trump's the nominee, Democrats will take over the Senate, making it a non-issue. 
Liberal corporate welfare millionaire Republican in Congress endorses realDonaldTrump gt;gt; 
PoliticoKevin CGasparino Oh Kevin. Read gt;gt; 
CGasparino actually, there's no Constitutional problem at all with an all-NY ticket. See: 
I was going to write about the Biden denial by folks like Chait is wrong. Then I remembered Trump will probably be the nominee, so who cares 
ObsoleteDogma ToryAnarchist The GOP supported Ex-Im. 
I'm compromise-minded. I agree 
Exactly. Once you've voted for him, Trump doesn't need you. The man has no loyalty. He'll deal away all his promises 
Reminder: Donald Trump is a lobbyist's dream come true 
salimfurth say more 
All the coffee at the Examiner office is either (a) flavored (b) half-caff or (c) "light roast." America must be Ma[d]e...Great Again. 
TonyRoumell I disagree. What did I get wrong in my piece? 
TonyRoumell What fact did I get wrong? 
Abortion is the raison d'tre of Planned Parenthood. Every pro-lifer knows that. Trump wants to subsidize them 
The babies deserve an advocate in November. If Trump is the nominee, they won't have one gt;gt; 
Trump the Intolerable // my column gt;gt; 
All these people arguing against Biden-92 
JoelShoe Possibly, yes, 
darth mateosfo stanveuger There we go! 
mattlurrie VP It's not really a matter of opinion. Volsky misread the speech, and misled Chait and everyone else. 
jamespmanley You'll like them Jim. Once I kind of told a crowd of college kids to drop out. There was me and Nader once.... 
Maybe I'll run for President just to have an excuse to share the transcripts of my speeches, and maybe people would read them. 
mattlurrie His argument has two parts (1) No hearings for election-year nominee. (2) After election, vote against any non-moderate. 
coryaltheide white dude. 
mattlurrie Read that in larger context. That's about a potential second Bush term. 
That's what we've been asking all along, Hillary. 
mattlurrie It was a pre-emptive block. He said don't nominate anyone in the election year. 
alaw202 Yeah, damn McDonalds' Macy's GM for their monopolies. 
I suggest you re-read the Biden remarks from 1992, jonathanchait. I think you'll want to correct or remove your Biden section. 
Tell Biden. 
alaw202 fair enough. 
realDonaldTrump stop shouting, please. 
alittlelilypad Sometimes the trolled have to troll. 
Ask Biden. 
alittlelilypad Sorry I left out the quotation marks. I was quoting Biden. 
alaw202 Ah. Welcome to arguing with Democrats. Everything gets you called a racist, Alex. 
mateosfo stanveuger Maybe darth could fix it for you, and button that button and tighten that tie. 
Oktoberfest6 The only trolls I've encountered today are guys I hadn't blocked before. 
stanveuger mateosfo Yes means Yes. 
stanveuger mateosfo birth certificate, please. 
... hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over. 
if the President...presses an election-year nomination, the Senate Judiciary Committee should seriously consider not scheduling confirmation 
...the tradition against acting on Supreme Court nominations in a Presidential year... 
once the political season is under way, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign... 
Biden was pretty clear 
But in-person voter fraud never happens 
mateosfo It seems you've withdrawn your constitution claim and are resting on a judgment of the GOP Senators' bravery. Fine then. 
mateosfo That's a totally different argument than the constitutional one. 
But, mateosfo, "by and with the advice and consent" is in Article II. It's a limit on POTUS's power, not a duty of the legislature. 
Good on mateosfo for abandoning your "refusing the President his right" argument. That one was really bad... 
Wait, mateosfo do you think McConnell will block Obama from *nominating* a justice? That would be incredible. 
mateosfo Who is arguing that Congress should make appointments? 
MarkP21 brianbeutler jonathanchait Yes. Chait cited something Biden said in a one context as if it were said in another context. 
MarkP21 brianbeutler jonathanchait OH THE HASHTAG BURNS 
Please, mateosfo, what is the constitutional provision at hand here? 
This guy doesn't button his top button when wearing a tie. Is his neck too large? --gt; 
jonathanchait brianbeutler Yeah. I think you misrepresented Biden's remarks. 
brianbeutler jonathanchait I don't want hearings on Obama's nominee. That's not unprecedented as many claim--see Schumer amp; Biden. 
bonzaiblog sadly it's been a lot less exciting than that. 
brianbeutler jonathanchait The article strikes me as weak, and I think you should stop accusing people of lying all the time, Brian. 
bonzaiblog Had I blocked you? 
TheIllegit exactly. 
TheIllegit for me it was mostly spambots 
kozfinance 60 or so. Mostly spambots. 
gabrielmalor I wanted to see what *doesn't* get some people the Stacy McCain Treatment (suspension) 
Conscience forbids us to cross some lines. // My Trump column gt;gt; 
I just unblocked everyone I had blocked. Probably a huge mistake. 
alittlelilypad that was one of many from that guy over months. I got him to block me. 
"Ha! Conservative criticizes private company!" Is the dumbest anti-free market argument. 
I may go unblock and un-mute everyone as a study in what doesn't get you kicked off Twitter. 
MichaelJDailey I have no idea what you're talking about. 
MichaelJDailey imagine that: a private company catering to the people that make it valuable. 
I mean, we all get totally foul, violent, threatening, hateful tweets. And we hit block. (Sometimes I engage them till they block me.) 
Good point made others: Twitter should explain what got these people suspended. 
JeffYoung same. 
alexremington yes please. 
I'm curious if any of my liberal friends or followers think it's good for Twitter to suspend Stacy McCain? Seems unequivocally dumb to me. 
pollisguy chrislhayes charlescwcooke see, I'm not convinced Republicans are being hypocritical at all. 
chrislhayes charlescwcooke I'm curious, are Republicans on the record flip flopping on this as badly as Schumer and Biden? 
DylanByers sounds like CNN shouldn't book him anymore 
It's for the greater good, though. $ 
Are introverts better writers? Is that proven? 
Left-wing petrostate ruler, reeling from falling oil revenues, breaks campaign promise, goes deep into debt gt;gt; 
OttoHeck that's hilarious 
Atheists abandon decade-old crusade against successful halfway houses 
nakclahan dcexaminer AmericanMex067 Why? 
I predict very-highly compensated lobbyist 
Greedalitism365 dcexaminer No, please explain. 
CorbinHiar Probably because America isn't great anymore. 
The Trumpification of Elon Musk? 
Greedalitism365 dcexaminer What do you mean by that? 
jimantle SethAMandel Cruz is just as bad on military spending, not as bad on privacy, better on war, better on corporate welfare... 
jbarro stanveuger Oh. I guess I shoulda read the text. I just get excited when obscure nations appear in the news. 
stanveuger, we have 1 Montenegran and 1 Cape Verdean, and six Palauans at Gitmo. 
If you're a Catholic, a book on how to be a good American citizen. I just pre-ordered this book gt;gt; 
Dude wins lobbyist of the year, in part for helping bring Ex-Im back to life. He's a Kasich donor, FYI. 
President Libya will be celebrated for not destabilizing the Arab world? These people are high. 
J1_O_M bdomenech JVLast I wrote that, and was probably cribbing from DouthatNYT 
stanveuger dcexaminer Expulsion from the U.S. He'd just find your nearest ancestor born in Europe, declare you a foreigner, and pow. 
stanveuger dcexaminer He'd apply Title IX to the whole country! 
See why Ben Carson climbed in our POWER RANKINGS gt;gt; 
POWER RANKINGS: Until he wins a state, Marco's not materially different from Jeb or Pawlenty gt;gt; 
MarcACaputo I was going to make cookies that look like various Politico staff. 
owillis jamescdownie How much censoring should Twitter do? More than it currently does? Less? 
TheStalwart LJKawa I think I first suggested Zugzwang 
EONealIII do you think I'd do it for free? 
POWER RANKINGS: Marco in the Middle 
KevinWGlass Also, "performance art" is almost always stupid, unfunny, and totally pointless, as this was. 
squarelyrooted I'm sure not as fun a Fanjul wedding or the ones where Hillary and Donald yuck it up. 
My tablemate at wedding this weekend said this: "Where you stand on corporate welfare--that shows whether you're really a conservative." 
In actual fact we are normal people. We have a sense of humour 
Being married to a woman raises your earnings. 
byelin we deserve Trump. 
Keep in mind: a handful of the reporters covering this race will work for the Clinton administration in two years' time. 
Same here. Dude running from cops dropped bag of heroin in front of me. I'm like "wow," then I'm like "D'oh! Lent!" 
That would be a rightward move. He's already left of center. 
ArthurDelaneyHP elisefoley Is he the hero of that book? 
elisefoley Thanks for [HEART]ing my joke. 
This isn't new for them, elisefoley. Decades ago they had a Was Appointed to Finish Out Her Late Husband's Senate Term Barbie 
brianmcarney carney I agree. You should eschew savings and instead buy stuff for younger siblings. 
Is asking someone to resign really different from firing them? 
Can anyone explain this WSJ/NBC poll from S.C.? It was the outlier. And it was wrong gt;gt; 
Worst Sinad O'Connor cover ever. 
People bad-mouth the polls. But again, a close reading of them allows you to predict the outcome very accurately 
Rubio just won a major bank-lobbyist endorsement. Why is he not touting it?  
Politicians like W. and John McCain like to say that America is an idea. But maybe that idea is just, "America!" 
Most peoples politics are neither Left nor Right nor even in-between... 
Proposed: We've just had a brief Ideological Era in American politics. Trump is ushering in the end of that era 
Is this in English? 
SMTuffy yup. 
I'm reflexively pro-Brexit 
She hates sunlight. 
jneeley78 pegobry Charlie Sheen 
Guys, those SuperPACs control politics. 
Guys. There will be no news until polls close. Until then, consume my parsing of the polls. 
Hmm. Has she otherwise shown an aversion to the transparency befitting her position? 
Hillary nods 
No Swedes have maps? 
My final pre-SC parsing of the polls. 
I think Rubio will finish second in S.C. 
Suppressing the vote by crying about voter fraud gt;gt; 
Hillary and Bernie really need to crack down on these libertarians defanging the IRS in order to help businessmen 
I love this story by zachdcarter on the Rep. reading lobbyist talking points and forgetting to change the pronoun: 
nickconfessore PaulBlu kenvogel Yes. Doesn't that make Beyonce and crony capitalist Jay Z Obama's biggest donors? 
The recent ideological sorting of the parties may have been the exception. Trump = return to normal? 
jaymuntz not that type of carding. 
mockandrewj that's wrong and bad too. 
mockandrewj $500 under free parking 
True. 
PeteKDCNews 
nicklopez415 
Cridmo probably, if Hillary is elected, but not for this. 
alittlelilypad a politely tucked-in polo shirt, actually. 
I just carded a door open for the first time since my 20s AMA. 
Does Trump spell the end of our brief era of ideology?  My column gt;gt; 
Temperature is climate today. In Kansas at least. 
Reality Check: Obama's DNC never really refused lobbyist money 
Okay, I'm back on Twitter. Can we all talk about normal stuff now? 
Yep. Turning off Twitter. 
I shoulda been a farmer. Since the day I was born, I shoulda been a farmer. 
sahilkapur he shoulda added "balls" 
chrislhayes who are you to judge? 
michaelbd cartersnead pegobry From these quotes, there may be room to criticize media, but I see no possible defense of the Pope so far. 
michaelbd pegobry so the clear implication is that contraception is fine to avoid disabled babies, no? There's wiggle room I guess. 
pegobry has anyone seen an actual quote? michaelbd seems ready to believe the worst. 
michaelbd Do you have an actual quote? 
This Pope, Trump, U.S. media scrum is too much for me. 
Trump's response (a) grants in the 1st paragraph that he won't be President, (b) is otherwise a dumpster fire, as well. 
davidfrum Your tweet will make people think the Pope said that, which he didn't 
jbarro is EDM a phrase used commonly? Last night was the first time I recall hearing it. 
ongoingnosis I'll try to write it up in an article, which hopefully will fill your belly. 
ongoingnosis I'm afraid I've let you adrift in this conversation (I've been busy), and you've presumed a lot about me.... 
Apkamps (3) DNC donations in 2011 and 2012 were basically donations to reelect Obama. 
Apkamps (1) the president always has a large degree of control over the national party committee. (2) O created the "lobbyist ban"... 
Reality Check: Obama's DNC never really refused lobbyist money  
And by "it," she means destruction of the rights of political speech, self-defense, and free exercise of religion? 
ongoingnosis you think I eat cars? 
Reality Check: Obama's DNC never really refused lobbyist money 
Trump argues that you can eliminate the deficit through (1) cutting Dept of Ed (2) negotiating drug spending to $0 (3) Waste Fraud amp; Abuse. 
ongoingnosis Or that car crashes could be deadly... 
"I thought, 'my God, he's speaking to me.'" That was a question from MSNBC to Trump right now.  
JayCostTWS Emerson and Monmouth both confirmed what most (not all) of others said. Cruz-vs-Rubio fight for second. 
JayCostTWS Yeah. Kind of fishy. 
Because he's so far preserved the myth that he WANTS to be a bridge builder. This is an easy way to keep it going 
Which is why I think he'll change his mind and go. 
pjdoland jacobgrier I would, but I had to kill my horse after they paved the roads to make room for the car they said was optional. 
TheStalwart After NH. 
peterfeld Exactly. 
jacobgrier just being a cranky old man. Or maybe there was some stimulus that I've already forgotten. Because I'm old. 
BACCV I don't think any presidents attended Lewis Powell's funeral in Richmond. 
Apparently so are commas i guess nobody told me 
"Driverless cars will make your life easier and safer," slyly become "you have to change your world and life b/c of driverless cars..." 
Were I Obama, I think I'd attend Scalia's funeral. Why not? 
lachlan Ruby O'Haley sounds like the name of the girls I grew up with. 
MarkSKrikorian Bernie's a former House member -- that disqualifies him. 
Are they busting this guy for not paying taxes on a barter arrangement? 
I guess Mike Lee is doing an event for each of his Senate colleagues running for President, Rubio and Cruz. 
PARSING THE POLLS: Trump to carry South Carolina. Rubio vs. Cruz for Silver 
TmBttn Obamacare forces employers to cover contraception 
Thanks, Obamacare! 
Coburn: Trump-circulated quote attacking Cruz 'absolute fabrication' 
And when the last law was down, and the Devil turned 'round on you, where would you hide, the laws all being flat? 
Justice Scalia: champion of "the little guy" // my column gt;gt; 
mattdpearce WHO MOVED THE PILLOW 
MikeGrunwald I loved that a lead lobbyist for it was an alumnus of Cheney's "Secretive Energy Task Force" 
MikeGrunwald Good. That was pretty bad cronyist waste boondoggle. 
MikeGrunwald What's the update FutureGEN? 
Clinton's younger-women problem 
7im one big problem: he's not funny. He's basically annoying. 
asymmetricinfo willwilkinson M_Feeney what about an accidental stowaway--trespassing through no fault of her own? 
mitdont would *anyone* object to granting employers a conscience exemption from covering viagra? 
Justice Scalia: champion of "the little guy" 
"What About Viagra" arguments may be the dumbest arguments. 
emilylhauser jeffspross not-running-again is a common definition of "lame duck". Dot. Tumblr. Dot com. 
jsende jayrosen_nyu no honest observer of Harry Reid could disagree. 
This guy taught Constitutional law? 
What provisions was he referring to? 
Did Obama's comments about provisions of the Constitution right now make any sense? 
What happens in Riverside County ... 
Who stole Obama's tie? 
Why being friends with people who have different opinions from ours is good for us. 
ZachWahls jonathanweisman 
This was a weird tweet, jonathanweisman. What were you implying, arguing? 
politiCOHEN_ compromise: office protein party. 
CygnusA81 yup 
CygnusA81 Sorry, very inside-DC joke. That's the Washington Post building. 
I guess Nixon won. 
We lost a Great Man 
mckaycoppins Maybe they know it's Italians, but aren;t sure if Italians count as white? 
POWER RANKINGS: Down to the final six (but maybe really the final three) 
KSoltisAnderson Thanks for flagging. I hadn't seen him use that line. 
Wow. He gets it. 
MABlumenfeld TheStalwart This is related to the "how best to cool/keep cool your beer at a barbecue" debate. Water in ice bucket or no? 
forsakenquantum Senate can vote to confirm, or not. 
Will the ice on the sidewalks melt faster at 47 and raining, or 47 and no rain, but total cloud cover? Or is it a tie? 
Novembers Referendum on Justice // NYT latest Room for Debate forum, including me gt;gt; 
Repeal Carhart? Ban nearly any protection of the unborn? That's the abortion issue in the SCOTUS fight gt;gt; 
Dems pretend EVERYONE knows the Senate has a duty to vote on nominees. Media will feel compelled to treat that as a valid argument. 
SCOTUS battle would set up an abortion fight that would split the Left from the rest of the country gt;gt; 
Snow Day (ice day?) in MoCoMd. 
elongreen is your argument that this is the only case of a liberal saying Thomas doesn't count as black? 
Santa Anna Kendrick Lamar Alexander Pope Benedict Arnold Schwarzenegger 
I thought she wore T-shirts? 
Theres something endlessly fascinating about the lefts insistence that Clarence Thomas isn't authentically black 
milojbloom Arby's at times hits the spot. (Specifically, about midnight on a turnpike in Pennsylvania) 
I missed both the Red Lobster and Arby's things this month. Are either of them worth understanding? 
LornestoToledo 1) Thomas wasn't the longest vacancy, (2) Kennedy was nominated in 1987 
Is Hillary totally uninterested in facts? 
I recall an old AP poll asking people if "Roe should be overturned, thus banning abortion," or some wording like that. Remember it? 
These pro-Cruz, anti-Bernie tweets are getting old 
Solar noon in DC didn't come today until 23 minutes after noon.  
Thirty years on the court. That's more than 10 percent of the life of the Republic. 
Edsall daveweigel realDonaldTrump Thing is, I don't see how "Bush/Clinton could've prevented 9/11" is relevant except to W's family. 
daveweigel the indignity of covering a Graham-vs-Trump spat... 
Again, what would Harry Reid do? 
samsteinhp nope 
News you can use 
SHOCKINGLY! I swear. Major parts of the Left are so hopelessly politicized they literally cannot understand Scalia. 
Schumer in 2007: Don't confirm any Bush Supreme Court nominee 
This isn't some random Center for American Progress hack. Guy is a NYT writer. 
We probably need tribunals to jail these types, amirite, Zack 
When a public figure like Scalia dies, it's okay to criticize his record. It's classless to call him names or cheer his death. 
What about "serious progressive " 
What would Harry Reid do? 
Who can produce evidence of Trump opposing the invasion of Iraq before the war? 
TheBrianDoyal BenBlaweiss ... Exactly, and getting personal too. Maybe take Sunday off and come back in a day or two. 
TheFix so you're saying Ted killed him? 
'Because ... he is Latino': The glorious history of the Democrats' filibuster fight - 
stanveuger MichaelRStrain I really don't know how I feel about that song 
mattyglesias because Dems speak to black poor people. 
MikeDrewWhat dscotto10 exactly. You know Cruz would. 
I R A Q 
Senator sides with big business over free enterprise, loses backing of free-enterprise groups. 
White journalists not allowed to ask questions of black people. 
morningmoneyben mine do hard manual labor most of the time. 
williamg1 you have a strange sense of humor 
Sad thing about Examiner office move: I won't be able to see ex-Im from my office anymore. 
There is nothing conservative about Donald Trump says Club for Growth in new ad 
"Only the big, the powerful, the wealthy and the well-connected can handle it..." - 
Fiorina's anti-cronyist message was morally and politically perfect  My column gt;gt; 
mollyesque men are the worst. 
For Hillary and her people, every criticism is a personal attack. That's not surprising. 
Guys, it's Bush's fault. 
Sanders holds as hero guy who approved A-bomb, interned Japanese, and cracked down on Jewish butchers. 
What time does this debate end? 
I think people are just clapping because Hillary finished a long speech. It was too boring to pay attention to. 
Post-Gadhafi Libya has been a disaster  for Libyans, for the region, and for U.S. interests. 
Hillary pretending there was an authorization of force in Libya is pretty bold. It was clearly done without authority. 
Hillary really wants to say there was a Libya war vote? 
As Libya descends into terrorist chaos, Clinton stands by her war 
Good for Bernie on Libya. HIllary should have to answer for Libya 
Kyle_Feldscher bathroom break, bro. 
Hillary points to the approval of banker Barney Frank and Enron consultant Paul Krugman. 
Goldman and JPMorgan sit safely behind the walls of Dodd-Frank 
mharwood31 Actually, I'm balding. 
TimFernholz I suppose during a campaign there is that interpretation of the words. 
I hate it when Dems tout their tax hikes by saying "we're asking [some group of Americans] to pay a little more." "Asking." At gun point. 
In 2007, Sanders and I agreed: "Immigration bills guest-worker program is corporate welfare" 
GOAT78 you have four names? 
GOAT78 WHYISYOURNAME GOAT78? 
The Clintons had to send a message to political refugees: we will deport your child at gunpoint back to Castro. 
Bernie is right: Guest-Worker program is exploitative corporate welfare when "you're fired" means "you're deported." 
MattWelch libertarians always flatter themselves that they're unique. 
Dems talking much better about white working class problems than any Republicans do. 
MattWelch I intentionally didn't name you in that piece, but if you're okay, I'll add your name to the online version. 
A man with some amount of college education, but no degree, is making 11 less than your counterpart in 1991. 
 
RyanLEllis I improved it, pal. 
Clinton touting the endorsement of her by an industry lobby with a SuperPAC is pretty bold.  
She didn't get to the part about regions of hell. 
Hillary knows what Obama knows: Americans don't want to be more like Europe. 
Sanders returning to the Let's Be More Like Europe schtick. This isn't a winner. 
Somebody was eating a candy bar on Ash Wednesday gt;gt; 
lizzieohreally I've basically abolished opening statements in the panels I run, but I still have a "okay, your quick spiel?" at first. 
This debate is brought to us by Warren Buffett! BNSF ad just ran 
lizzieohreally I disagree. If you don't have them, the candidates will just give them in response to the first question, dodging it. 
"The economy is rigged in favor of those at the top," like me. And I do the rigging. Isn't that great? 
Fiorina's anti-cronyist message was morally and politically perfect  Washington Examiner 
LOL. Just like SenJohnMcCain -- until he was the nominee 
AriSchulman ...or does it somehow show that a wave propagated? 
AriSchulman okay. Thanks. But the experiment simply suggests that spacetime can be contracted (or light accelerated!)... 
AriSchulman So, either 4km became "bigger" (as defined by light-time) or 0.013 milliseconds became a longer time? 
AriSchulman I think I got it. 4km is usually 0.01334256380793 light milliseconds. But the wave changed that. 
AriSchulman So it moved one laser further away from the lens? 
B_Duley I just watched it. That's where my question comes from. 
Noahpinion Space can't get smaller than other spaces, because space is how we measure distance. 
laurakfillault It was a real LOL, I have to admit. 
fshakir Don't you mean DIEBOLD!?! 
I don't get it. A gravitational wave causes an expansion/contraction of space--relative to what? 
alittlelilypad or maybe you're becoming progressive more scared... 
But seriously, understanding gravity waves is the sort of thing I think I actually might be incapable of doing. 
Dude, I am SO psyched that they discovered gravitation waves. See, I'm a nerd, and I totally understand what gravity waves are. 
Is the demographic of a Hillary supporter this year going to be nearly the opposite of the Hillary supporter in 08? 
I wonder if Kasich's Plan A involves a brokered convention. 
"a violent storm in the fabric of space and time" 
Judge forces State to publish Clinton emails before Nevada, S.C. primaries 
seanmdav lachlan SonnyBunch It can be a form of disclosure, disclosing one's bias. 
Purest_99 JustinRaimondo Trump won among NH voters with a postgraduate degree. 
jessefuchs 
NH GOP elites didn't know a single person voting for Trump 
FYI, everything you do destroys the planet. 
HyattConcierge aren't you afraid bg26892 is gonna stink up that nice room? You should hear what his nickname was in middle school. 
jpodhoretz hmm. If I did it was long ago. Let me try to recall. 
TheStalwart nickconfessore see you on the other side, Nick. 
MSNBC's Chris Matthews: Cruz 'operates below the level of human life'  Washington Examiner - 
So is Christie giving up anything else for Lent? 
Read this: Decisive Trump victory sends GOP establishment reeling 
After Pat won NH in 1996, the GOP establishment went to DefCon 5. Here's why they're cooler with Trump 
They began by hating the conservative movement. They came to hate their party and its leaders... 
This is refreshing honesty after years of Democrats angrily denying the "socialist" and "European-style" labels 
PARSING THE EXIT POLLS: Kasich is the candidate of older, richer, more educated Republicans 
wilsonkanaday burgessev no. It's exactly the phenomenon I described w/Iowa and ethanol. 
Dems take an extremist turn my column 
Five ways the establishment helped Trump win 
shekissesfrogs adorable. 
CaseyMattoxADF There is no popular constituency for corp. welfare as Iowa proved. I don't doubt some D Senators believe Ex-Im wins votes. 
AdamSerwer Beyonce worship excepted, though, right? 
My colleague philipaklein argues Ted Cruz is now the frontrunner 
Like ethanol, a big issue in Iowa, brought down Cruz? 
Cruz 800 votes ahead of Jeb. 
I wrote "Iowa" when I meant "New Hampshire." It may be bedtime 
A_H_Goldstein It's late. 
Exit polls reveal 55 percent of Iowa Democratic women going to hell. 
Bernie just hit 113k votes. HRC got 112k in NH in 2008. I think that means Bernie has won the most votes in the history of the NH primary 
PARSING THE EXIT POLLS: Kasich is the candidate of older, richer, more educated Republicans 
The candidate of Occupy Wall Street storms New Hampshire 
jbarro TonyFratto yup. Josh is right. 
A hispanic, a grandmother, a developer, and a Jew walk into a primary... 
When you say "us" who do you mean? me on realDonaldTrump 5 months back 
Trump, Sanders, Corbyn, Syriza, and Scottish Nationalists: Maybe something's going on. My column from September: 
I'll admit: Two months ago, I didn't think Trump was going to win NH. 
Sanders defeats Clinton in New Hampshire //my dispatch from CONCORD gt;gt; 
VerumVulnero1 He overperformed along the Vt. border, I thins. 
Rachel Maddow tells where her animus for Pat came from: His 1992 Culture War speech. 
Wisely ending the list after two states. 
"People may see him as radical... But to be frank ...there does have to be a radical change." 
Democrats have figured out what Republicans realized 6 years ago: Extremism is not so bad 
Sanders now giving his standard stump speech at his victory party. 
"Tonight we serve notice to the political and economic elites..." 
Dems take extremist turn. My column gt;gt; 
"She is so full of s**t," a Bernie supporter says at his victory party, patience running out. 
Hillary admitting that she hates Citizens United ruling because it allowed a non profit to attack her. 
Hillary taps into the impression that the economy is deeply troubled. "People have every right to be angry." 
I explained the Trump/Sanders phenomenon in our recent cover story gt;gt; 
Sanders DOMINATED among the youth vote 
Marco is barely above 10 percent, if he falls a tiny bit, he doesn't get any NH delegates. 
Jeb's in 4th place, 178 votes behind Cruz, with about a quarter of the vote in. 
The odds are pretty low of Christie hitting 10 (the delegate threshold) or 5th place. 
Kasich in solid 2nd which would put him in the SC debate. Cruz, Rubio, and Trump will be in, too. Jeb needs to finish top 5 to make it. 
karenhunter Great motto: Obama! Just White! 
JRussellMI Gilmore in third. 
Obama, perhaps the most dominant politician of our generation, couldn't beat Hillary in N.H. Bernie just did 
Sanders defeats Clinton in New Hampshire 
Concord. 
BrianRKnight "Taco Flavored Beef, Chicken or Pork" is what the bag says. 
BrianRKnight 1. The Bag-O type 2. Yes. 
buvox 11:50 
If my conversations with voters today are representative, then every single New Hampshirite voted in Concord today. 
Eating Bag O Taco AMA 
And I would've gotten away with it if not for that meddling MSMer Weigel 
This candidate set a $7 million fundraising goal. She has $10 so far. 
Bobby Jindal in first place in New Hampshire (ballot order, that is). 
BlueBoxDave hair? 
I think I was last here for a Kerry rally 
Concord 
You seem nice. 
Yikes 
For Berners, it's "the overarching issue of the time. Everything else flows from it." 
"What good is a revolution if there isn't dancing?" 
Sanders' last night turns into hippie music festival 
S.C. debate next week could have only 3 or 4 people. Christie may not qualify. Kasich and Jeb will, as long as they don't drop out. 
TheStalwart Trump wins. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz all get 10 (and thus delegates). Jeb amp; Christie single digits and done. 
While Rubio and Kasich fight over the establishment lane, Cruz has his own line to second place gt;gt; 
Kasich's biggest proposal is a Balanced Budget Amendment. Is that a good idea? 
I gotta imagine Kasich benefits from being the only active major candidate on the top 40 percent of the ballot. 
New Hampshire. 
Kasich's War Cry: A Balanced Budget 
 
MZHemingway wow. 
nickconfessore sorry. Lemme get a duckface pic up asap. 
ellencarmichael Que? No Comprendo? 
ellencarmichael Ne je parle Francais. 
Shrove Tuesday: For many Catholics, today is the last day of eating sweets, drinking, or--if you're Christie or Bush--running for President. 
Barbarism, the new establishment GOP position gt;gt; 
I disagree with DavidCornDC saying Hillary made a mistake by moving her emails to a private server. It enabled her to hide some! 
swainscheps how so? 
buvox It wouldn't be hard. 
Should I post the audio of Bernie saying the same thing in Nashua he said in Manchester? No. That would be stupid. 
ComfortablySmug Does Tim Carney know what he's doing? 
Oh man. Are we going to pretend stump speeches aren't repetitive? Is that the line now? 
BuzzFeedAndrew I am stranded in NH. 
Some Trump supporters here at the Central Ale House in Manchester. 
Big fan of 96.5 in Manchester. 
Hookset 
Hookset, NH 
PARSING THE POLLS: The Scrum for Second in New Hampshire 
mrsinger rough. Sorry. 
bennyjohnson what bar you at? 
BTW, my tweet from weeks ago about campaign trail reporters flirting over Twitter--I may have predicted nuptials. Watch this space. 
For many, the American Dream looks dead. My cover story on Sanders and Trump gt;gt; 
pegobry Matt Mehan is a good man. 
Waiting for naral to attack those worrying about the Zika virus for humanizing fetuses. 
LONDONDERRY, N.H. -- 'I could be on a beach somewhere' 
Could Trump have asked for a better endorsement than a former Mexican president attacking his immigration policy? 
Now the Democratic Party's 'establishment' is in trouble cc: chrislhayes  
stanveuger MichaelRStrain okay. I should back in on Thursday or Friday. 
I'm at The Pint Publik House in Manch, blogging/writing. 
JPFreire the American Dream is dead. 
You could say Sanders is running on campaign finance. Or you could say he's running on participatory democracy gt;gt; 
If my son were in the NFL, I'd encourage him to retire today. 
Sanders' campaign is a campaign about campaigns. 
The Candidate of Occupy Wall Street Storms New Hampshire // my column from Berniehampshire gt;gt; 
MillwallFCEO Thanks. 
MichaelRStrain stanveuger In which I said Geithner wouldn't work for an entity he formerly regulated or bailed out. 
MichaelRStrain stanveuger In Google calendar. The word is "bank" 
MichaelRStrain stanveuger That's false. 
Christie's tough talk becomes the ultimate in bluster if he gets anything less than 10. 
If Christie doesn't get 10 percent tomorrow, he gets zero NH delegates--the same number he got finishing 10th in Iowa, behind 2 who quit. 
ComfortablySmug carney danprimack BURN! 
laurakfillault And we're not even in Lent. Who knows how bad this will get? 
I could write a column defending everything about Cam yesterday (if I wrote columns about football). 
BecketAdams MadeleineinDC dave_brown24 PeteKDCNews "barter" is probably the better word. 
MadeleineinDC dave_brown24 PeteKDCNews Give me your wallet. 
morningmoneyben blakehounshell I'm sorry, I'll read this tweet after I'm done giving advice to two former Secretaries of State. 
blakehounshell morningmoneyben Man, I'm just exhausted from getting up so early to save children drowning in the Merrimack River. 
danprimack ComfortablySmug I clearly didn't lose the letter of the bet. Did I lose the spirit of it. 
danprimack ComfortablySmug I started this discussion because I bet Geithner wouldn't cash out to a bank. Trying to see if I lost the bet. 
THAToneil Exactly. That's why I'm skeptical. 
danprimack Hmm. Say more. 
danprimack Regulating banks drives business to non-banks that do similar stuff--such as private equity. 
LornestoToledo chrislhayes no. But it's another level if he or Hillary try to conscript my daughters to fight their wars. 
danprimack Did he help PE by pushing for more regs on banks? 
Good point. cc: MichaelRStrain 
stanveuger MichaelRStrain You think he won? 
chrislhayes Are you cool with President Rubio drafting your daughter? 
stanveuger MichaelRStrain I'm trying to discern whether Strain won the spirit of the bet. 
How bad was Tim Geithner's move to Warburg Pincus? Is it not a blatant revolving-door spin, raising Qs about his actions at Treasury? 
I was surprised Cruz was the only one willing to take this position.  
Did Cam wuss out on that fumble, or was he being tactical in not pouncing on it? 
stanveuger JimPethokoukis Maybe it's health-care policy. The sugar policy makes sugar more expensive, thus making us healthier! 
andylancaster willmenaker I just updated it to remove the hood. 
jesseberney SCOOP 
Big Von Miller fan. I always root for defensive players. He deserved the MVP. 
JakeSherman AmericanAir I thought airlines were generally moving towards more bare-bones, following consumer demand. 
JakeSherman AmericanAir I'm kind of surprised there's big demand for business-class in domestic travel. 
JakeSherman AmericanAir 1st world problems. 
Sanders' argument for free college: "Getting an education shouldn't be punished. It should be encouraged." 
Now Sanders doing the part where he asks young people to yell out their student debt. One Columbia grad school alumna says $200,000. 
jeremylottdiary Are you watching me? 
Bernie points out that banking is consolidating over the past 7 years. 
"They stole the country, the assholes!" A Bernie supporter yells. "I wouldn't word it exactly that way," Bernie responds. 
jeffspross I feel like thousands of people are following me every day. 
TV reporters doing stand-ups during the speech--saw it at a Trump rally in Iowa, now Sanders in NH--is always so unnerving. 
Sanders talks about abortion at rallies, but he doesn't use the a word. Says women "should have the right to control their own body." 
This is amazing. 
"The power of Wall Street and Goldman Sachs" is the revolving door, Bernie argues, and "they make YUUGGGE campaign contributions." 
aaron_hedlund Is there good literature on this? 
Apkamps It seems possible to me, yes. 
The outlet where the speakers are plugged in just sparked in the press area at the Bernie rally. 
Bernie Sanders argues that welfare, food stamps, and subsidized housing enriches the Walton family. 
Sanders is 18 min late? 
Former State Rep cut off mid sentence about to introduce Sanders. "What? He's not here yet?" So we wait. 
"Power to the People" is playing at the Bernie rally. 
How does Gilmore plan to get this money back? 
It's always nice when the earlier children can catch up the younger ones. carney brianmcarney mikercarney 
The prudishness of the day is that doing the deed can make a baby? 
This has got to be a hack. 
I love babies! 
KSoltisAnderson scott_english thank you. 
Is it okay if I'm not a Beyonc fan? 
naral is heinous but that doesn't mean it's okay to hack their Twitter account 
Impartialone I think men and women are different. Sorry you disagree. 
milojbloom I don't think women should be in combat. I don't think anyone should be forced to register for Selective Service. 
RosieGray katherinemiller did you see Walker? 
reillyt7 fair point. The war-on-women bar is high here. 
milojbloom Way to stand on principle, bro. It's like the Trumpkins who say, "HE FAILD TO STEAL THAT WIDOWS HOUSE FOR HIS CASINO SO NBD!!" 
Donald Trump thinks he's battling wealthy donors by sticking up for eminent domain for casinos 
i.e., check your donor rolls for gaps gt;gt; 
We'll never find out if the debate hurt Rubio 
Dendrogenic Climate Change?- 
politiCOHEN_ those guys combine to age 80 I think. 
Cruz not joining the Let's-Conscript-Them-Into-Combat GOP outreach to women. 
Timodc he said he didn't envision a draft but thought women should register for SS. 
Timodc I'd be thrilled to report that Jeb opposes drafting women. 
Timodc what does Jeb think selective service is? 
Christie, Bush, Rubio open to conscripting women into combat; Cruz says it's 'nuts'  
BuzzFeedAndrew I wish that story had quoted where Cruz's campaign said what they say they said. 
4rest4thetrees Thanks. The hardest piece I've ever written. 
jesseberney I know! How do you get on that panel without giving AT LEAST five figures to the Clinton Foundation? 
paul_gillan I didn't say that. I just said we don't treat them identically. Do you agree that that custom is correct. 
Trump is a sore loser. Or, as he spells it "looser" 
paul_gillan But you agree that gender equality doesn't mean we treat men and women identically, esp. when it comes to physical danger? 
paul_gillan And do you teach your sons to treat women/girls with special respect? 
paul_gillan I honestly don't understand your argument. Would you agree with "women and children first" on a sinking ship? 
paul_gillan Wait, you want to draft CHILDREN into the military? 
TheTraddy No, the SuperBowl question. 
Dumb question, three good answers. 
When a horrific rape leads to an innocent life // my column from 2012 gt;gt; 
blakehounshell He's right. It seems fairly obvious. 
Jeb, criticize your SuperPAC that's attacking Rubio for being pro-life? 
"On abortion, Democrats are the extremists" Rubio says. He's right. 
...and none of the Republicans said "We should abolish selective service, because we should never reinstate the draft." 
paul_gillan Do you reject the idea of letting women and children go first on a sinking ship? 
A civilized country conscripts its women to fight its wars? 
Marco wants to send my daughter off to fight his foreign adventures? 
"saliva and urine" DRINK! umm. wait. 
I can't believe he said bridges. 
BRIDGES!??!?! 
I'm not sure Rubio made that case that Obama's is dividing people against each other. 
One Iowa cop voted for Obama in 08, but now backs Trump. "Obama called open season on cops..." 
I run into many cops who back Trump because they think he's the only one who really has their back. 
ByronTau Are you gunning for Tom Friedman's job? 
lpolgreen (a) not really. 0 of Iowans listed energy as the top issue (b) kind of. "Drill baby, Drill," was the 08 GOP's only winning issue 
Did someone say Obama had the most executive orders? Is that what every liberal reporter is responding to? 
"Take the Oil" 
elisefoley You have strange wishes. 
"I'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than water-boarding" if you won't take my offer on your property I want to make into a casino... 
Second-grader on my son's Rec team hit a three today. Is that normal? 
...I stole this joke from my wife. 
Trump says "take the oil." By eminent domain? 
kafbst Exactly what time was the Cruz email? 
This is the quote CNN is saying is a lie by Cruz. How is this false? 
Thanks for updating DylanByers, but you still don't say what's incorrect about what Cruz said in the debate. Odd. 
What happened to winning?! 
Next will they ask the candidates to define other words. Like "art"? Or "what exactly is Punk Rock? Define it." 
Is it up for debate whether Trump used eminent domain to steal a woman's property? 
I can't help feeling, "I wish Bush were tougher against Trump." Again. 
This is typical of media attack on Cruz's Carson thing -- it reacts to what they *feel* he said: 
without eminent domain "you wouldn't have luxury casinos..." 
Here's DylanByers's fact check that doesn't quote the line it purports to check 
The odd things about your "fact check," DylanByers (1) you don't quote the line you're checking, (2) you read Cruz's mind. ("knowingly?") 
"People dying in the street will be moved to the alleys, and they will be disposed of quickly--so quickly--it will be amazing." 
Christie came to New Hampshire to appeal to voters and beat up Rubio, and he's all out of voters. 
S1CT I don't know, but I think the Mexicans pay for it. 
Or manufacturing traditional incandescent light bulbs for sale 
Is the ICBC a tenant of Donald Trump? Is he in the pay of the People's Republic of China? 
I think when Cruz talks about the Carson/CNN thing, reporters don't listen, they just hear "CONSERVATIVE BLAMING THE MEDIA!!!" 
The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, state-owned, is the world's largest bank--and, oh yeah, a major recipient of Ex-Im financing. 
Trump just referred to state-owned Chinese ICBC, based in Trump Tower, where apparently they share state secrets in the elevator 
TheStalwart Yeah. The ESP line really made him look bad, I thought. Katie groaned at that point. 
I think Christie both (a) knocked Rubio down a peg (b) made himself look bad. Advantage Cruz, Trump, Kasich, Bush. 
But, BuzzFeedAndrew, DylanByers called Cruz's debate answer "Bullshit." It seemed accurate to me. 
I've seen zero people actually point out where Cruz was wrong. I saw a dozen journalists angrily snarl that he was wrong. 
"... they expect you to keep their bridges open." 
DavidSchmidt What time was it corrected on TV? 
Christie exuding his disdain for legislation. 
Maybe I'm missing something, but Cruz's account of the Carson/CNN thing seems accurate and reasonable to me. Where is he wrong? 
Twitter shows me that some political criticisms of the media (even very indirect) REALLY get under the skin of most reporters. 
Exactly how, DylanByers? Everything Cruz said seemed true and accurate to me. 
So, ABC led me to believe the debate began at 8. Why? 
I thought the debate began at 8. 
The war on women is real. 
Today I learned that men can vote for whomever they want, but women are constrained by the threat of hell.  
I wonder if everything will stop being Bush's fault before 1/20/2017. 
Abortion is often exploitation of women by the fathers - 
Elon Musk Cancels Blogger's Tesla Order After Critical Post - 
This local government banned ads by a crisis pregnancy center - 
PARSING THE POLLS: Trump leads N.H. big  
Things that happen in campaign season: your metro farecard accrues a high balance. 
Iowa Dem who Won't Release Caucus Results Has HRC 2016 License Plate 
jamestaranto KevinNR I think it's a good Spanglish (like Bloombito) joke. 
WilcoxNMP But a guy who can't find a wife b/c he makes $10/hr....? 
WilcoxNMP policywise: payroll tax cut amongst others; Also, a lot more listening and empathizing instead of attacking as lazy. 
It's not just Cruz. There's a lot of angst among GOP senators about the Omnibus leadership forced on them 
...and if the GOP is to survive, it needs to listen to Santorum on the working class 
If the eventual nominee wants to win, he should adopt Rand's critique of the awful Libya war 
chrisabowyer DM me. 
He's ALREADY MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!! 
Rand Paul and Rick Santorum: The wrong men with the right messages  My column gt;gt; 
The sample size us 209. MoE 7. Not even if likely voters. Hot garbage NH poll! - 
PARSING THE POLLS: New Hampshire CNN Poll Has Tiny Unreliable Sample - 
TmBttn basically my feelings too 
williamg1 Second place. 
MADDOW LEFT OUT THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
This is Bernie Sanders most insane point -- his anti-political-speech litmus test for SCOTUS. 
Bernie comes out for defunding Planned Parenthood! 
Half a billion solar panels is an applause line? 
Hillary, the pragmatist, claims that she will have four full years of political capital? 
She is either hiding something or paranoid, and maybe very irresponsible with top secret info, yet he won't mention it. WTH? 
Translated: "She may get indicted" 
Again, you only move your emails from State Dept to your home in order to avoid public records queries. 
They are retroactively classifying her emails of CIA agents names. 
PARSING THE POLLS: New Hampshire CNN Poll Has Tiny Unreliable Sample 
I wrote a piece about the dying of the veterans' service organizations 
chrislhayes Bernie avoids her actual weaknesses. The only one he's hit (cronyism) got to her. 
michaelbd I refer to GOP giving away foreign policy attacks in 2016 here 
Is Bernie not going to hit on Libya like he's not going to hit on her hiding her emails? It's like he won't hit her weakest points. 
Hillary's foreign policy experience includes crafting a disastrous illegal war 
Senator Sanders is filibustering! 
Please ask Hillary about her illegal unwise war in Libya 
jbarro Yeah. That was not very defensible, but what are the odds HRC will attack him on it. 
Sanders goes after Boeing and GE? The gall! 
Rachel Maddow points out that Obama has been lying for 8 years pretending to be the scourge of Big Business. 
ActDontReact anamariecox dcexaminer Plus $5k to Ready for Hillary. 
Did I mention Lloyd Blankfein's wife has donated to Hillary this election. 
Hillary flipflopped on the 2001 bankruptcy bill. She supported TARP. She wants to put Ex-Im ("free money" for Wall Street) "on steroids" 
The HEAD of Goldman Sachs' LOBBYING OFFICE has maxxed out to Hillary Clinton this election 
The true love story of Hillary and Wall Street gt;gt; 
The Clinton-Corning partnership is very rewarding for both of us, 
"the insurers that already had a large foothold in the HMO business would benefit greatly from [Clinton's] plans," 
In 2006, Hillary's haul from the drug industry broke a record  
Hillary pretends drugmakers, insurers are her enemies 
Hillary's argument that money doesn't influence policy makes me wonder why she opposes free political speech that involves money. 
Hillary Clinton, coin-operated policymaker 
How many issues will Hillary address by saying "I'm running to be the first woman elected President"? All of them? 
Because she's a woman she's not Establishment? How idiotic is that? 
Guys, this NH poll is of 209 voters -- not even LIKELY voters. It tells us nothing gt;gt; 
I'd fear Sanders would just pivot to Bush and Iraq 
"YOU BEGAN IT!" Hillary says. 
Hillarycare and CHIP both had support from the large insurers. 
TheStalwart That's how I paid for my house. 
Hillary is correct, President Obama took money from Wall Street. His Goldman haul was a record in the McCain-Feingold era. 
WBJNeibs Great place. 
sladesr MSNBC Is it HIllary's voice? 
GRStev I think there's only one rule: drink. 
Hillary throwing out her friend and donor as the example of an overprivileged rich guy? 
This gets at what I wrote: Much of the Left today thinks identity politics isn't for class. 
Sanders never describes the mechanism by which the economy is rigged. Cruz and Fiorina do. 
"Sustaining that rigged economy" is a government that rigs it, Senator. 
My wife rolls her eyes as Trump talks: "Oh my God, can you imagine a State of the Union by this guy..." 
KStreetHipster Ha. My first book had published, and we were expecting our first kid. 
michaeljames86 gabriellahope_ never mind. your reading comprehension needs work. 
michaeljames86 gabriellahope_ That would be Ted Cruz among others. 
Rand Paul and Rick Santorum were the wrong men with the right messages // my column gt;gt; 
Ethanol! 
jmartNYT Marriott I like that HGI. 
chrislhayes billscher drvox It seems just as likely Carter's weakness invited the primary. Similar to GHWB in 96 amp; Ford in 76. 
ryanbeckwith I'm a joke doctor. 
ryanbeckwith That joke will be far funnier when Jeb drops out on Ash Wednesday--and I'll steal it. 
Why the heck didn't Shkreli wear a tie? 
billscher chrislhayes drvox Who knew Democrats were so sensitive! I honestly don't understand the critique. 
The head of Goldman's Washington office is a max-Hillary donor, and more. 
Times Edit Board Agrees Romney Was Right and It Was Wrong. 
BuzzFeedAndrew BillKristol Why not give the guy credit when he called the latest race better than just about anybody else? 
BuzzFeedAndrew You know BillKristol called the Trifecta in Iowa and got the percentages very close to correct, right? 
Milbank it's still morning. 
When Hillary says Goldman isn't giving her much money she's (you'll never believe this) being misleading: 
Ted Cruz is married to a Goldmanite, yet Hillary has raised nearly twice as muhc Goldman cash as he has 
Goldman lobbyists, VPs, CEO's wife are all Hillary donors 
Tweets from 2004, 2008... 
bg26892 Or lotto tickets. 
In Iowa, I missed this: "Hillarys emails included CIA officers names, report says" c:DavidCornDC 
jesseberney But people with grey beards? 
It's her own SHOCK DOCTRINE 
Censorious paranoid conspiracy theorist ... 
KStreetHipster She said both. Your point on moderate is true. 
KStreetHipster (1) HRC calls herself a centrist and (2) her folk are wetting themselves over Bernie saying she is "some days" progressive 
Obama, in fact, in 2008 set the McCain-Feingold-era record for cash from employees/PAC of one company. $1M from Goldman 
KStreetHipster A "centrist" and "every day" a progressive? 
Honestly, I don't know whether to pity these HRCbots as impossibly sheltered or to fear them in case they take over. 
"Out of line" would be "they're gonna put y'all back in chains" or portraying her kids as dancing monkeys. But "some days ... progressive"? 
"Out of line"? WTH did he do? Was it criticizing her as inconsistently 
jpodhoretz I just learned that my son got "boots on the ground" from his mother, a former staffer in Bush's RNC. 
I think I should be able to claim the domestic production deduction. 
Yeah, jpodhoretz, isn't it the worst when a son takes up his father's variety of conservatism? 
When Rubio comes up my 7-y/o pipes up "Boots on the ground? More war? I don't like that." Big sister: "Poop on the ground?" 
...thou art slain. 
Does this count as a "low blow" to Dems? 
gabriellahope_ rock n roll hall of fame? 
Santorum seeking victory in defeat. My dispatch from his Sunday morning church appearance 
Santorum's crucial message to the Right: care about the working class. // from May: 
Maybe Trump saw the Dems benefitting from voter suppression cries and so he's trying to emulate? 
It worked for Lena Dunham! 
Stphn_Lacey That's possible. I wonder if we could discern evidence from 10, 20 years ago about it's true (as opposed to feared) clout. 
You called? 
CGasparino SEC_Enforcement and most are anonymous. 
All those candidates who believed they needed to pander to ethanol were afraid of a paper tiger. 
nyinvesting Perfect. 
Some people are such sore losers! Sad! 
Rand Paul came out of Thanksgiving wanting to drop out. That's when he shifted to message candidate gt;gt; 
Gilmore's in the TOP 10! 
VerumVulnero1 I think that's right. He may have pulled Cruz a bit on war. 
Here was when I realized Rand would probably drop out right after Iowa. 
Rand Paul's out 
Some voters are less legitimate than others. "Bible thumpers" and downscale white men should be ignored? 
VerumVulnero1 I agree. Please do your part to spread this word. We just need a Brady-hater to win NH now. 
Trump fixed the typo and removed the charge of illegality from his conspiratweet  
Cruz's win shows other candidates: You can buck the subsidy sucklers, and most voters won't mind gt;gt;  
Politicians come to Iowa, subsidy-sucklers surround them, amp; they assume ethanol mandate is broadly impt. It's not gt;gt; 
calebpackard Yeah. I took me forever to figure out where it all went on TurboTax, because, I guess most don't contribute mid-year 
Post-Iowa POWER RANKINGS: 1. Cruz 2. Rubio 3. Trump ... 11. Gilmore. 
EricDBertram politico the more the merrier! 
I just bought a book by a liberal. It starts with the damn Powell memo. Is that mandatory? 
She's not going to be indicted, guys. I'll do 100 pushup and broadcast it on periscope the moment she is. 
NaithanJones Do you think they have good reason to be scared? To dislike the change? 
COUNCIL BLUFFS -- Where'd everybody go? 
dillerwc more than one of them did the same thing. 
Some Cruz staffers pulled dirty tricks in Iowa. Cruz admits that and apologizes. 
Tkilltangelo At tax time I get to write it off. 
MrWalterShapiro thegarance jmpalmieri But you'd never see NYT saying death tax like they say marriage equality. 
BlameBigGovt Mine is employer-provided, but I just do $100/paycheck. With savings, extra money, I add on through the HSA directly. 
MrWalterShapiro thegarance jmpalmieri Thing is liberals get the media to adopt their language rewrites. "Gun Safety" "Marriage Equality" 
Do most people fund their HSA entirely through payroll deductions? That's what TurboTax implies. 
It's entirely possible more people voted for Bernie than Hillary in Iowa last night, but delegate counts broke her way, no? 
USOVEREIGNTY vmpcott what? 
Politicians wrongly think there's a broad constituency for corporate welfare b/c among the lobbying class there is 
Koch owns Iowa's 2nd-largest ethanol plant. 
daveweigel Maybe he's saying Trump was in Mexico or something. 
I think Rubio should read this, and then rethink his position on sugar subsidies. 
mayerhan Let's say he's already done a great service with the Iowa win. 
mayerhan Picking my favorite or least-unfavorite candidate is not something I spend too much time on. 
mayerhan For one thing, it would take my moving to Virginia. 
Is this progress? "Military leaders: Register women for draft" 
The most famous enemy of the ethanol mandate just got the most votes in Iowa caucus history. Tells you something 
COUNCIL BLUFFS -- Cruz kills the ethanol lobby // My column gt;gt; 
