text 
Any suggestions for future South Park episodes? 
1776...I wonder what life was like, back then. Back then...back then...b-back...back then... 
I got my period, and you guys DIDN'T! Ha ha ha ha ha ha, nah nah nah nah nah nah! 
Fuck you, May; fuck you, Annie; fuck you, BeBe; fuck you...whatever your name is; and fuuuuck youuuu, bitch! 
Go with Christ, brah. 
Am I not good enough for Peyton Manning to rest his wiener on my face?  
RIP David Bowie. I'm seriously. 
Happy New Year! Pissssss! Piss out my assss! 
I want to beat that "affluenza" kid to death with a bat. 
Chip Kelly LOL. 
Howdy-ho, all you South Parkateers! 
Did anyone else eat their son for a Blu-ray player on Black Friday?  
Big floppy donkey dick! 
PC Principal can go suck my balls. Happy Thanksgiving! 
Get off of Twitter, you should be watching SouthPark right now. 
I'm not just sure that Charlie Sheen will pull through this. I'm HI...well, you know. 
Charlie Sheen just needs to inject himself with all of that Two and a Half Men cash and he'll be fine. 
Wastin' away again, because of AIDS and stuff! 
Watch the new episode of SouthPark at 10pm ET tonight! 
Fighting the frizzies, at 11. 
A little break this week, but SouthPark is back next Wednesday with an all-new episode! 
Season 19 of SouthPark premieres on September 16! 
No, Kitty! You can't have these chicken tenders because they are mine and I keep mine to myself, ohhhhhh? 
All I had to do was close my eyes and suck it through a hose. 
RMcElhenney I just saw you in the movie WONDER BOYS. You did a great job at standing while Michael Douglas walks in front of you. 
SouthPark has been renewed through 2019...at least 5 more seasons of new shows! 
I love my dead gay son! 
Dare you enter the Chamber of Farts? There aren't any ghouls here...only FARTS! *pfft* 
Happy Mother's Day, mom! I got her a life-size Antonio Banderas love doll, with realistic genitalia. 
Who's that fluffy bundle of love?  
Tripped and fell while I had a boner and I landed on it. Not kewl, you guys. 
I wonder what the Assfuck Twins are up to these days. I pray they haven't lost their passion for being fucked in the ass. 
ORGAZMO will be coming to Blu-ray on May 12.  
Nice titties, Bruce Jenner. 
Having a late night burrito from Chipotle right now. Gotta remember to go underwear shopping tomorrow. 
Balllllllllllllls. 
Merry Christmas, assholes! 
No one wants to re-release Team America: World Police in theaters now. Pussies! Or should I say dicks? Or assholes? Nope...pussies. 
CARTMANBRAH!!!! 
Watch DAVID_LYNCH's DUMBLAND if you have not already: 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
KayMarleyMar AY! Don't call me fat, you buttfuckin' bitch! 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
Homeboy, throw in the towel, Your girl got dicked by Ricky Powell! 
Trey Parker: 45 years old today. Whoa. Old. 
When you're unemployed, weekends are meaningless. 
New SouthPark at 10pm tonight, featuring everyone's favorite wheelchair-bound pal, Timmy! 
Ya ya ya! I am Lorde! Ya ya ya! 
No cake for the impurity. 
All new episode of SouthPark tomorrow night at 10pm! 
The Washington Redskins really shit the bed tonight! Hmm, what's that all about... 
Has anyone registered their new company as Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly on the Table, Inc. yet? 
New SouthPark tomorrow night at 10pm!  
I've got dry balls - and I'm running out of time. 
New season of SouthPark starts Wednesday at 10pm!  
Finally got that U2 bullshit off my phone. Go fuck yourself, Bono! 
charli_xcx Hi Charli, you want to, uh...you wanna make out? 
Boy I'd like to have sex with that Charli XCX chick. 
nathenstridge Hi Natasha, remember me? Matt amp; I really enjoyed your acting. In fact, we'd freeze-frame your acting and play with ourselves. 
You're Natasha Henstridge tonight, Matt Stone! 
Ever been to the point where you have to kill a drifter just to get an erection? 
Nice tits, Jennifer Lawrence. 
Wiener, floppy wiener... 
Please don't fuck up again this year, Broncos.  
I am going to make the creators of Bob's Burgers eat their parents. 
I fucked Ted. 
A BookofMormon movie is in the works but it's quite a ways off. 
Waiting for someone to nominate me for the  I want that piping hot Colonel chicken all over my body. 
Season 18 of SouthPark premieres Wednesday, September 24! 
There sure are a lot of prostitutes on Tinder. 
Went on Grindr after hearing it's a good site to hook up...but where the hell are the chicks? 
Fuck yea, TIP ASSIST! 
Hopefully the Germans DO WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE and eradicates the Brazilians off the face of the Earth tomorrow.   
Felt a little nostalgic about being a little kid today, so I shit my pants for ol' times sake.  
The Purge was the shittiest movie of 2013. Fuck that moronic piece of shit. 
EBKillerz NINJA STAR! 
SouthPark marathon is on ComedyCentral right now. Watch it, or I'll make you eat your parents. 
It is time, followers. You better lube up. 
Is Apple aware that the Pixies song "Gigantic" used in their commercial is about big black cock? 
TIMMM-AH! 
Hodor! Steve Holt! 
LOL Joffrey. 
I wish I could fart out of my dick. Lucky girls and their queefs... 
I hate when I accidentally sit on my balls. 
Just watched the Leo DiCaprio Great Gatsby movie. What a pretty-looking piece of shit. 
Jay-Z can suck a butt! He lamed up that Daft Punk collab track "Computerized". 
That was some good shit. Too bad it's over.  
So, South Park: The Stick of Truth didn't turn out shitty. Happy to hear people like this thing after all.  
Moon Pie...what a time to be alive. 
Oh ma Gah, Adele Dazeem, oh my Gah!  
Fuck, fuckety fuck-fuck-fuck. 
He's already a douche, but if Jared Leto wins the Oscar on Sunday we may see an historic level of douche never before witnessed by mankind. 
Those beady eyed Canadian 
Blackfish was a terrific doc but it bummed me out. Poor Willzyx, er, Tilikum. Sea World execs should take a swim with him... 
Twitter fuckers: I'm going to watch a documentary tonight, either THE ACT OF KILLING or BLACKFISH. Which is better? 
Feeling damn good tonight...like I could buttfuck the sun! 
Hi, I'm Sandy Cervix and I'm deaf in one ear! 
I read a BOOK!!! 
Wow, what a shitty fucking day.   
RIP Philip Seymour Hoffman, the guy was an incredible actor.  
Daft Punk, fuck yes! Well deserved Album of the Year.  
Shut the fuck up, Steven Tyler.  
Hey CBS, your cameras are still not meeting the required quota of 510 cuts to Taylor Swift per awards show. Step your game up.  
Wonderful performance by Beyonce's ass to open the Grammys. 
About a month away from Game of Thrones season 3 on Blu-ray. Bring on the wieners! 
Jackin' it? Jacking what? My hot, spicy boner, of course. 
Jackin' it. 
There is not much sweeter in this world than schadenfreude. Here's to sweet, sweet schadenfreude. 
KyleBroflovskki I specializes in your asshole, Kyle. 
Why the delay for The Stick of Truth, you ask? Because Obama. 
The Stick of Truth has been delayed with a target date of October 2047.  
The South Park: The Stick of Truth game is set to be released March 6! 
Jerry Jones pissed off in his luxury suite after yet another year of failure  
Good job, former Bronco Kyle Orton!   
YEAH! Tip assist!!! 
Snorting coke out of a woman's asshole is overrated. 
Jesus was born and so I get presents. Thank you, Jesus, for being born.  
BLOOD ORGY! 
On ComedyCentral it's time to gather the family 'round the TV set for Woodland Critter Christmas. Ain't those critters just the cutest? 
ComedyCentral is currently airing a SouthPark marathon of Christmas episodes!  
And now, fighting the frizzies. 
Frizzies, at 11. 
Happy Life Day!   
Fighting the Frizzies, at 11. 
You guys are all totally jelly of me. 
Broncos, nooooooo! 
I lost my soul to the look in your eyes. 
We should all fuck. 
This Ted Cruz character sure has one punchable face. 
Do kids pick on you, call you names? Do they say, "Nice pants. Why do you wear them up to your tits?" 
Everybody have a good Halloween? Any of you guys tame some strange last night?  
All-new SouthPark Wednesday at 10pm: Ike hits puberty! Watch the preview: 
Is that red dye in your hair, or did a blood demon take a shit on your head, poseur?  
New SouthPark at 10pm tonight!  
...So no new episode tonight, episode 1704 "Goth Kids: Dawn of the Posers" will air next Wednesday, October 23. 
Some nightvision pics of the South Park Studios power outage freakout: 
It sucks to miss an air date but after all these years of tempting fate by delivering the show last minute, I guess it was bound to happen. 
New episode of South Park will not air tonight due to power outage at the studio. FUCK! Sorry... 
FUCKKKKKKKKK. Sorry, people. 
New episode of SouthPark tonight. The Goth kids return! 
Blair's Witch Project Gets a C-Minus  
House of 1000 Corgis  
Village of the Kids Say The Damnedest Things  
Rosemary's Baby Bjorn  
A Nice Man on Elm Street  
jimmykimmel Why are you basically apologizing and sucking the asshole of the gay fish? 
Token, bump it. Bump that shit, brah  
Booooo! Boo Wendy! Booo Wendy Testaburger! 
 Midgets. 
KFUCKINGP You ripped that Dontell motherfucker a new asshole. Black Destro lookin' motherfucker. 
 About a Boy Rapist 
And it's completely non-consensual. 
The Denver Broncos are buttfucking the rest of the NFL.   
Howdy-ho, all you South Parkateers! I'm root-tootin' Trey Parker! 
Watch the SouthPark marathon live on SouthParkStudios right now - all 234 episodes. Currently on Pinkeye! 
Less than 5 days until new SouthPark! 
New SouthPark episodes Wednesday, September 25. Fuck you, Kyle! 
What the shit is this? Weather delay, this isn't faggy baseball! Watching the buttfucking Weather Channel on Thursday Night Football  
Let's go Broncos!  
What the fuck is Ryan Seacrest doing there? He has to stick his dick into football?  
Baby Goose, nooooooo!  
Miley Cyrus is fucking creepy as shit. 
I will be on suicide watch after the  knowing I sat through this bullshit to see if Daft Punk would perform. 
Jared Leto looks like he could be a contender for The Biggest Douche in the Universe.  
Batman vs. Superman vs. Coon  
The new Batman has parents who have buttocks where there heads should be. 
The star of Pearl Harbor is the new Batman. 
5 more weeks! 
This is no dream. This is really happening. 
Still trying to wrap my head around Jodie Foster's accent in Elysium. 
Fighting the frizzies, at 11. 
The one and only Elvis Presley: 
kanyewest Motherfuckin' gay fish. 
Where did you hear that shit? Fuck no! xzero1299PR: hey trey is it true that BaseketBall is gonna have a sequel 
Going to watch Only God Forgives on demand. It better not be shit. 
Mexican stinkyballs! 
Watch Glenn_Howerton's new movie  It made me laugh so hard milk came out of my nose. I had not even been drinking milk. 
I don't think I'm gonna do hamster style anymore. 
Shit, I missed 'Murrica Day. Was drunk. 
Damn, Stoker is one hell of a movie. Best of 2013 so far. 
Who's that fluffy bundle of love?  
My heart's as full as a baked potatuh! 
I think I just killed a guy. 
Hopefully, one day breast cancer will be a distant mammary. 
Have you buttfuckin' sons of bitches been watching Team America: World Police on IFC tonight? 
Lick my butt and suck on my balls. 
I can't stop playing "Doin' It Right" and "Instant Crush"  
How is everybody? I'm fine, just fine. 
The new Daft Punk record is great! I have a hot, spicy boner!  
The release date for the SOUTH PARK: THE STICK OF TRUTH game is still unknown since THQ is going through bankruptcy...shit.  
Got a case of the itchy balls. 
Here you go: RT swanbomb22: Can I get a shout out its my birthday!!! 
WE'RE UP ALL NIGHT TO GET LUCKY WE'RE UP ALL NIGHT TO GET LUCKY WE'RE UP ALL NIGHT TO GET LUCKY WE'RE UP ALL NIGHT TO GET LUCKY 
Coon amp; Friends Alert: As a reminder, the 17th season of SouthPark will start September 25! 
Glenn_Howerton I actually had a grown man "shush" me today. What the fuck is that? 
Tilda Swinton sleeping in MOMA: now that's fancy hobo-ing! 
You ruined everything, New Mexico. 
The monkey claw is smelly. 
Marion Cotillard makes me feel kinda funny. 
Women be shoppin'. 
Joaquin Phoenix got robbed. Day-Lewis is great and all, but did he finger-fuck a sand sculpture woman in Lincoln? I do not believe he did. 
I'd fuck me. 
HoverRound takes me, where I wanna go...where will it send me? 
The new season of SouthPark will be 10 episodes, and will start September 25. 
Lennay Kekua: 4/10, would not cyber-bang. 
MrCraigRobinson Tight dick, playa. 
Who else has their first 2013 boner? 
I wonder if Jenny McCarthy jerked off that guy with the cold sores.  
Tony Romo is Mr. Derp. 
LOL Mark Sanchez. 
Denver Broncos, your Super Bowl XLVII winners.  
PSY can suck my asshole. 
Suck my balls. 
I hope all you ladies banged a veteran today. Or at least did some mouth stuff.  
O-o-o-bama, you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind, hey Obama! Hey Obama! 
Tonight's episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia was a thing of beauty. Hats off to Glenn_Howerton, kaitlin_olson, Charlie amp; Rob. 
Let's go...Broncos! Let's go Broncos, Broncos...let's go!  
Tune in TONIGHT for a Halloween-themed episode of SouthPark at 10pm ET! 
trent_reznor What's the deal with the Year Zero miniseries for HBO? Still happening, or not, brah? 
It's weird that Ben Affleck doesn't totally suck balls anymore.  
New SouthPark at 10pm Wednesday! Here's a preview: 
I think the UPS guy was trying to rape me today. My security system alerted the police and they are on their way with blankets and cocoa. 
New SouthPark tomorrow night at 10pm! Check out Randy's awesome Bane voice in this preview clip: 
I'm off to the see the new John Wayne Bobbitt biopic.  
I'm fucking fat as fucking fuck. 
I don't wanna sound like a queer or nothin', but I think Depeche Mode is a sweet band! 
After a relaxing morning drive with the noticeably reduced traffic, for one day each year Yom Kippur feels like a world without Jews. 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
Atom bomb is dropped on Hiroshima, 1945. Packers-Seahawks refs: JAPAN WINS WORLD WAR II. 
Replacement refs, you are America. Fuck yeah!  
Seattle receiver pushes Packer in back, jumps for ball, does not catch ball as Packer intercepts it. Touchdown Seattle, Seahawks win! 
New episodes of SouthPark starting this Wednesday! Here is a preview: 
Being a Democrat, or being a midget.  
This scene was Oscar bait, but the nominations never came: 
Pre-order South Park: The Stick of Truth for Xbox 360 and PS3! 
Fuck Batman, Christian Bale will always be Patrick Bateman.  
Do you know what she did? Your cunting daughter? 
I'll be really butthurt if you guys don't watch new SouthPark starting September 26. 
Fudge me now! 
Those pleading for me to follow them: I will never follow you so don't waste your time. I only follow other famous funny people. 
When someone asked today when the SouthPark season resumes, my first thought was, "Boy I'd like to have sex with Emma Stone." 
Punishment for those fuckface kids bullying that old lady bus monitor: 24 hours in Jerry Sandusky's new jail cell.  
Prometheus was badass, I'm so seriously you guys. 
Here's a trailer for the South Park: The Stick of Truth game: 
OK, now I've seen Men in Black 3. Piece of Shit Status = Confirmed. 
Men in Black 3 looks like shit! Why are they driving Mr. Garrison's IT vehicle? 
Avengers was pretty cool, but why didn't they include The Coon?  
Season 16 of SouthPark starts back up again September 26! 
Wednesday is the last episode of SouthPark until the season resumes in fall. The episode is called "Cartman Finds Love." 
Google "Trey Parker" and look at the 6th link down. There's something wrong with that thumbnail... 
New SouthPark tomorrow night at 10pm! Here is a preview: 
The Jewpacabra gives me the Hebrew-jeebies just thinking about it. 
New SouthPark in 20 minutes! 
This seems to be a popular moment from last week's episode: 
Faith Hilling like a fucking champ. 
New SouthPark at 10pm tonight! 
Preview clip for new SouthPark this Wednesday at 10pm: 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
is giving away 3 copies of South Park: Season 15 on Blu-ray. Enter here: 
Peyton Manning is a Bronco! Before signing him, the Broncos said they needs ta check his asshoe  
New SouthPark tomorrow night at 10pm! 
What's to understand? You get a boner, slap her titties around some and then stick it inside her and pee.  
Fuck off, I'm watching GameofThrones on Blu-ray for the next 10 hours. 
One more week until season 16 of SouthPark! 
New episodes of SouthPark coming March 14. 
Now Orgazmo and Team America on the other hand...definitely want to get those on Blu-ray. 
BASEketball had way too many DERP! jokes. 
Just kidding! Sorry, assholes! BASEketball was pretty shitty, I don't think Universal will ever bother releasing it on Blu-ray. 
BASEketball is coming to Blu-ray...soon. 
Time to go see Liam Neeson punch the fuck out of some wolves.  
I want to punch that movie Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close in the fucking face. 
3:16 = Tebow Time  
My favorite part of the new  movie was undoubtedly "Swastika Cat." 
Prometheus looks so badass, you guys! 
I've never seen a man eat so many chicken wings BrianBoitano 
My name is little Danny Pocket. Please excuse my tiny crutch. 
Here's some more information at gameinformer about South Park: The Game, a new RPG coming out for Xbox360 and PS3. 
South Park: The Game, a full-scale RPG for Xbox 360 and PS3 is in development for a 2012 release. Check January issue of gameinformer 
'Sup fags? 
Surprise, cockfags! 
Holy shit, Jack  Jill out-derped any of Rob Schneider's movies. 
New episode of SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
RIP Clyde Frog. 
New SouthPark at 10pm tomorrow night! 
Everyone should check out  tonight. It's one of the few things MTV has done right in many years. 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
Tim fucking Tebow. Goddammit.  
What should be my Halloween costume? 
Whether you go bass to mouth, or ass to trout...play it safe, kids. 
Oh, look what Kyle got me...Ants In The Pants? Ants In The Pan- ANTS IN THE PANTS?? YOU SON OF A BITCH! 
New SouthPark tomorrow night, here's a preview clip. 
Work, Mexican, work! 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
Oh yeah, there was a documentary about the making of SouthPark on ComedyCentral tonight. You watched it anyway, whatever, fuck you! 
Happy Columbus Day weekend, or something, whatever, fuck you! 
New SouthPark tonight at 10! 
Preview of this week's new SouthPark: 
New SouthPark this Wednesday at 10pm! 
Matt and Trey on  any second now, I'm seriously. 
See "Drive" if you're interested in seeing Christina Hendricks' head get blown off. I know I was! 
20 days until season 15 of SouthPark resumes! 
I wish I still had AIDS so I could give it to everyone involved with Bucky Larson: Born to Be A Star. 
kanyewest Do you and Jay-Z put fishsticks in your mouth? 
Ben Affleck spooge, gross! 
Watching original Texas Chainsaw Massacre, jackin' it. 
Caught part of a certain FOX animated show, and apparently showing Jagger and Bowie's "Dancing in the Street" video in its entirety is funny 
Kyle Orton= 2011 NFL MVP 
Renewed through season 17, if you haven't heard. 
JLo Muy triste, JLo? I can get you three tacos, two tostadas, and a soda pop! 
Just turned on Jeopardy and saw Alex Trebek in blackface.  
One time my cousin and I touched wieners! 
Watching Man Vs. Wild with Jake Gyllenhaal, still trying to prove how not-gay he is after all these years. 
If Chewbacca lives on Endor, you must acquit Casey Anthony!  
America, FUCK YEAH! So lick my BUTT, and suck on MY BALLS!  
...and it's all alive for me! I'm so glad Stan  Kyle aren't here, I hate those guys, seriously! Seriously hate those guys-hate Stan  Kyle! 
Look at me! I'm back in time, in 1776! With gaslight corners, cobblestone streets  humble houses made of bricks! What a special magic time 
BookofMormonBWY cast album is the highest-charting since 1969. Kickass! 
I don't wanna 
I don't wanna wait, for our lives to be over... 
I like to be kissed before I get FUCKED! 
_KennyMcCormick Hey, Keeeenny! 
My Top 1  Artists: The Pains of Being Pure at Heart (2)  
South Park: Bigger, Longer,  Uncut airing uncensored on ComedyCentral right now. 
Trey  Matt's Daily Show appearance last night: 
Trey  Matt on The Daily Show w/ Jon Stewart on ComedyCentral Wednesday night! 
BookofMormonBWY won 9 Tony Awards AND the Miami Heat lost the finals tonight. Shpadoinkle! 
The Tony Awards are tonight at 8pm. BookofMormonBWY has 14 nominations, hopefully Phil Collins didn't make a musical this year. 
My Top 2  Artists: blink-182 (8)  Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks (1)  
New SouthPark at 10pm tonight on ComedyCentral! 
Did  measure from the base or from the balls? 
My Top 2  Artists: Yuck (3)  The Pains of Being Pure at Heart (3)  
This "planking" thing is fucking retarded. 
Eating a toaster pastry chocolate mix butter ball. Cooool... 
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
My Top 2  Artists: The Pains of Being Pure at Heart (11)  Yuck (9)  
Dare you enter? 
They're calling this "football" on Fox, so where are all the black people? 
Preview of new SouthPark this Wednesday: 
My Top 3  Artists: The Smashing Pumpkins (5), Josh Gad (2)  Thurston Moore (1)  
New SouthPark tonight at 10pm! 
trent_reznor Happy birthday, dude. 
KyleBroflovskki Hey Kyle, why do Jews have glassy eyes? 
My Top 3  Artists: Deerhunter (5), The Cure (4)  Cocteau Twins (4)  
And now the princess queefs into a chalice and holds it under the prince's nose... 
Foxynastylady Your dude must be into that whole Yale thing. 
Hasa diga eebowai! 
Listen to all the songs from Book of Mormon: 
Mexican stinky balls! 
BookofMormonBWY received 14 Tony nominations, more than any other production! 
New SouthPark tomorrow night at 10! Check it out 
Exclusive footage of Bin Laden kill shot: 
We got him!  
My Top 1  Artists: The Cure (12)  
Go, go, go! Push him away! Good night, assholes. 
...Also, the BookofMormonBWY cast album available for pre-order on iTunes. Released May 17! 
Season 15 of SouthPark starts tonight at 10pm on ComedyCentral! 
katyperry is a poor man's Zooey Deschanel. Mainly because Zooey hasn't had Russell Brand inside her. 
My Top 2  Artists: The Cure (9)  Radiohead (4)  
pennjillette jizzed his pants over BookofMormonBWY, even more than Jon Stewart 
Did I already say that Paul Reiser can go fuck himself?  
Who the fuck let Paul Reiser back on TV?  
Good night, hopping in bed with Wellington Bear. 
 has potential. Boromir is coooool... 
However far away I will always love you/However long I stay I will always love you/Whatever words I say I will always love you (Clyde Frog) 
JIZZ FARMER! DICK SNEEZE! Oh, excuse me you guys... 
Watch normmacdonald on ComedyCentral right now. The man is brilliant. 
My Top 3  Artists: The Cure (10), The Pains of Being Pure at Heart (5)  Galaxie 500 (3)  
We did that, like, 8 years ago. RT LesPJnr: Please do a parody of the Book of Mormon from your broadway show. Crosspromotion_opportunity. 
SouthPark Season 14 DVD/Blu Ray will be out the day before, on April 26! 
Season 15 of SouthPark starts in 3 weeks! 
petertravers of RollingStone thought BookofMormonBWY was neato! 
Twitter Follower with the Best Tits Up-To-This-Point Award goes to: ashlei_bee 
Good night all. Let Mr. Smith sing you a lullaby. 
Mint Berry Crunch is a faggot. 
joshgad is a real hoot and holler in BookofMormonBWY! 
My Top Weekly Artist  artist: The Cure (5)  
Here it is, as heard on jimmyfallon, 1987's worst song, Trey singing "I Spit on Your Love" 
Trey  Matt on jimmyfallon tonight! 
My Top 2 Weekly  artists: The Cure (21)  Sleigh Bells (1)  
How are all my Mormon friends doing? 
KathrynJScags Network TV is fucking horrible. 
I hope you all enjoyed the painful "comedy" stylings of SethMacFarlane and ItsTheSituation on the Donald Trump Roast this week! 
This here's Ol' Scratch! Say hi, old fella! 
Late start to new season of SP is due to busy schedule with BookofMormonBWY starting on Broadway. Stop by if you're in NYC. 
Once again, season 15 of  starts April 27 on ComedyCentral. 
Howdy ho, all you South Parkateers! 
Eco-terrorists are lame. Feco-terrorists are badass though. 
NY Times on BookofMormonBWY: "The show is truly orgasmic...trust me, the evidence is in the hair of the gentleman seated in front of me!" 
The Village Voice raves about BookofMormonBWY, saying "I laughed, I cried, I went home and beat my wife with a crazed smile!" 
Time magazine calls BookofMormonBWY "a hoot and a holler!" 
Trey  Matt on TheDailyShow...in mere minutes! Tune in to comedycentral, you goddamn assholes! 
KyleBroflovskki You really shouldn't be so HIV negative all the time, Kyle. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: The Cure (6), Ministry (5)  The Decemberists (3)  
Look for "My Twin Has Fins" starring Adam Sandler, in theaters this Christmas!  
AWESOME-O Movie Idea 812: OK, so like, Adam Sandler, um, just finds out he has a twin brother, but it turns out he's a dolphin, or something 
Mel Gibson can still kick Charlie Sheen's ass when it comes to anti-Semitism.  
Hi kids, let's all tell indiancompanion to go away! 
Totally Sheening my balls off! 
Trey and Matt to appear on the Late Show with David Letterman tonight! 
Congrats to trent_reznor! That was unexpected. You're lucky Phil Collins wasn't in your category. 
indiancompanion I think you'll be Natasha Henstridge tonight! 
Kids, remember: if you wanna play "I'm Natasha Henstridge" with your friends...play it safe! 
Trey and Matt discuss the Book of Mormon Broadway musical, which opened to great reviews Thursday: 
Oh look, it's our Indian friend, indiancompanion! Say hi, kids! 
Jesus Christ monkey balls! 
Just watched The Killer Inside Me. Is it bad that I got a boner when Casey Affleck beats Jessica Alba's face into hamburger meat? 
I'm disappointed that going HAM has nothing to do with actual ham. 
The Book of Mormon musical BookofMormonBWY) is scheduled to debut on Broadway March 24 
The Packers may have won the Super Bowl, but their fans are still fat fucks who wear cheese on their goddamn heads.  
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Trent Reznor (7), Kanye West (3)  Nine Inch Nails (2)  
Good to hear MTV is willing to stray from complete dogshit programming and bring Beavis  Butt-head back. 
Fuck Mubarak, or something. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Trent Reznor (6), Bright Eyes (3)  Wiz Khalifa (3)  
Mein fuhrer Mel Gibson's Edge of Darkness was noticeably absent from the Oscar nominations. Da fuck? 
The new season of  will be starting a little later than usual, on April 27. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Nine Inch Nails (14), Best Coast (13)  My Bloody Valentine (4)  
You know that feeling when you take a huge dump? Awesome. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Deerhunter (20), The Dismemberment Plan (6)  Pavement (4)  
Shoulda been you, SarahPalinUSA.   
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Deerhunter (15), Belle and Sebastian (2)  Beach House (2)  
Mmm, yes, Peyton Manning, your tears...they're so yummy you guys! 
Deerhunter: good band. 
Little Fockers looks like focking horseshit. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Kanye West (3), Beach House (3)  Pavement (2)  
What the fuck is with that band Train, why are they still around? Are they for people who think Creed and Nickelback are too threatening? 
Sleeping and pooping will always be the greatest pleasures in life. 
KimKardashian Your ass is even bigger than mine. 
Merry not-Christmas, black people.  
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (11), Sleigh Bells (11)  Pavement (7)  
lindsaylohan I want to party with you. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: OutKast (11), Yelawolf (11)  Kanye West (9)  
The 1st party of the 1st panda may sue the 2nd party panda unless that panda was said panda aforementioned panda.  
I totally barfed on some asshole in front of me during the arm-cutting scene in 127 Hours. That movie was tits. 
When's Hanukkah? Oh, that shit already happened? Hahaha, what a crappy holiday. 
That Florida School Board shooter dude was hella sweet. He was terrible at headshots though. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (14), Kanye West (14)  My Bloody Valentine (2)  
 he would be seen as a home invader and killed immediately after coming down the first chimney. 
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why you're Wins-Low! 
I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH! I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH! I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH! 
Josh McDaniels: get fucked. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Kanye West (13), Pavement (3)  Daft Punk (2)  
I can't wait for this new, really long Daft Punk video called TRON: Legacy to come out.  
Jesus fuck, it's cold out here. 
Hey, everyone: go fuck yourself. 
I'd be totally cool with Jews if they weren't so fucking lazy and read the second half of the Bible. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Kanye West (18), Nicki Minaj (9)  The Smashing Pumpkins (8)  
Calm down Alabama, the show "Sister Wives" isn't what you think it's about. 
And I notice the Kanye song "Gorgeous" refers to choking South Park writers. Touche, my gay fish friend. 
The new albums by Kanye and that chick with the huge ass are pretty cooool... 
Anyone who believes in a "new world order" should go fuck themselves. Via the anus. 
Oy, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba! Jesus, fuck me! You're not a fucking chef! 
I got a case of the itchy asshole. 
New  tomorrow night  10pm on ComedyCentral. 
Billy Hey Mr. Corgan, Pavement beats the fuck out of your current "Smashing Pumpkins" lineup, which is a shell of its former self. Fuck you 
Baby, baby, baby, ooh, baby OOOOHHH!  
Shablagoo! 
Kill messiahs.  
New   10pm tomorrow night on ComedyCentral. The Coon saga continues. 
OfficialKat Your titty pics are outstanding, Ms. Dennings. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Belle and Sebastian (6), Girl Talk (3)  Die Antwoord (1)  
Australian people are fucking weirdos.  
Thanks to DieAntwoord for the Cartman references in your songs. 
New   10pm tonight on ComedyCentral. 
 for Turd Sandwich today. 
What IS the identity of The Coon? All we know is that he is a shining beacon of justice who is totally not fat. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Weezer (11), Die Antwoord (10)  Belle and Sebastian (7)  
I fit right in, like my cock in your mother.  
Hella funny, I'm so seriously. 
Coon and Friends alert. I'm seriously you guys. 
Every town needs a hero. Every town needs...a coon. 
New South Park  10pm tonight. 
Tony Romo writhing around in pain on the turf makes my balls wet. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Weezer (16), Red Hot Chili Peppers (7)  Aimee Mann (5)  
Re: CollegeHumor's Inception parody similarities. 
I am super...duper...SERIAL! 
KyleBroflovskki Just took a crap on your doorstep, Kyle. 
Californ-NYAH-NYAH! Super cool to the homeless! 
My Top 2 Weekly  artists: Belle and Sebastian (5) and Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (4)  
I like nothing better than makin' fun of Jews, And ripping on black people, Though some people think it's rude! Gotta do what you wanna do! 
Actually heard a woman queef today. Fucking gross, ladies. 
Sn00ki Want smoosh smoosh? 
Fuckin' gay. Gay as hell. 
They mostly come at night. Mostly. 
I'll try to cater to your needs next time RT roney90: Hope the new ep is better than the last. It was just one joke dragged out. 
New episode of  tomorrow  10pm. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (24), Belle and Sebastian (4) and Yoni Wolf (1)  
Les Claypool of Primus. RT Surginha: Who is the guy who sings and plays guitar on the opening of SouthPark? I never seen it in the series. 
New episode preview 
This will haunt my dreams. Die Antwoord: Evil Boy (via pitchforkmedia) 
Seattle can tongue-kiss my shithole  Kenny Powers 
New episode tomorrow  10pm, you dicksneezes! 
trent_reznor's score for  makes my balls extra vinegary. 
If Aaron Sorkin doesn't win an Oscar, I will puke my balls out my mouth. 
Jews and soul-having.  
As is any group known as a "jam" band. Fuckin' hippies. RT pattonoswalt Any song with the word "jam" in the title is always UNLISTENABLE. 
You're a goddamn retard, Andy Reid. 
South Park currently airing UNCENSORED on Comedy Central...just sayin'. 
Danzig? Shakira? Wolves? Fuck yes. 
Watching the Lingerie Football League. Masturbated during a methodical 12-play touchdown drive. 
Going to the StephenAtHome March to Keep Fear Alive to vocalize my fears of the common Jew and sand people. I'd advise you to do the same. 
One more week until the second half of season 14, my lovelies. 
Fuck you. RT Mickie_DXfan Trey_Parker You and Matt should get together with sethmcfarlane and make a South Park-Family Guy crossover! 
Nice. 
On jimmyfallon: Nice to see that Bob Nastanovich of  still goes insane on "Unfair." 
OK, annoying assholes: 1) New episodes start Oct. 6. 2) This season is just like any other of the past 8 years: 7 epis in spring, 7 in fall. 
Howdy ho, all you South Park-ateers! I'm Rootin' Tootin' Trey Parker! 
Watch It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, you guys. I break my funny fuse watching it. 
Two weeks, you goddamn assholes. 
16 days. 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (11), My Bloody Valentine (7) and Cocteau Twins (1)  
Fuck, fuckety fuck-fuck-fuck. 
Wendy_MarieT Smurf murderer. 
Whateva! I do what I want! 
Cris Collinsworth pisses me off. Can't seem to speak without that goddamn smirk on his face, plus he looks like a bird. 
KyleBroflovskki I gave you A-A-A-AIDS! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, na-na-na-na-na-na! 
Why is this cunt Colbie Caillat singing the national anthem like it's one of her shitty pop songs? Fuck you and your hippy guitarist, bitch! 
OK, so like, Adam Sandler, um, tracks down his biological father, but it turns out he's like, an orangutan, or something. 
Let's goooo...Broncooos! Let's go Broncos, Broncos...let's go! 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (15), Pavement (13) and Beach House (5)  
Kiss my black ass. 
Dog-shit tacoooo! 
Thinking about giving Butters a Texas Chili Bowl... 
Stan__Marsh KyleBroflovskki You guys are hella stupid, You guys are hella lame, You guys are hella dumb! Hella hella hella! 
My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (21), Stardust (1) and Justice (1)  
Stephen Strasburg, HAHAHAHA! What a stupid asshole! 
Spooge, balls, bloody vaginal belch. 
Christmas isn't Christmas without a Swiss Colony Beef Log. 
Suck my assbarf! 
My Top 2 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (20) and Pavement (7)  
HURR DERP! 
What did the Spanish priest say to the Iranian gynecologist? 
Glenn_Howerton The body mass couldn't have compared to Weathers and Jesse The Body in Predator 2... 
xLaydeeJulZx Second half of season 14 gets under way October 6. Mark your calendar, ho! 
It was the heat of the moment Telling me what your heart meant... 
My Top 2 Weekly  artists: Daft Punk (20) and Big Boi (6)  
A Serious Man is the Jewiest movie of all time. 
Its_Butters Still working on that semen sample Butters? 
Real_MelGibson I would get down on my knees and lick your balls if you want me to, sir. 
Just saw Morpheus' daughter's porn video...let's hope to Christ I don't have nightmares tonight. 
I need to find a new disability, religion, or race to exploit for cash... 
Just took a huge dump. Its color was a nice hangover black. 
Pwning assholes in StarCraft II. Coooool... 
South Park consultant Brad Neely's videos are hella funny you guys. 
I'm auditioning for Mel Gibson's Viking movie, to replace that pussy Leonardo DiCaprio. I'd never betray you, Mr. Gibson. 
I'm still holding out that the Jews are somehow responsible for this Mel Gibson business...they are a clever breed of rat. 
Other possible titles: "Spreading the Love Missionary Style" and "I'm Saving Myself...For Jesus." 
Some working titles for the new Faith +1 album: "Savior Self," "Hung Like a Cross," "Faith +2," and "The Gospel According to Mel Gibson." 
Mel Gibson's hate gives me a hot spicy boner. 
Need a kickass title for this album...something that makes it seem like I REALLY, REALLY love Christ... 
What should be the title of the new Faith +1 album? 
Currently in the studio working on the sophomore album of Faith +1. 
I am going to come and burn the fucking house down but you will blow me first." I love you, Mr. Gibson. 
Have you seen the poop swatches? The nut 'n corn crunch is very nice. 
Token's a black asshole. 
My mom says there's a lot of black people in Ghana. 
ScottMalkinson Hi, I'm Scott Malkinson, I have a lisp and diabetes. I'm Scott Malkinson. Heh... 
KFUCKINGP - Tampa...TAMPA!!!! 
HansonMP Because it's not 1968, you goddamn asshole! 
EmmaAmishModel I am going to kill Butters. 
_howhigh Hey, who the fuck do you think you're talking to, huh? 
Aw, goddammit... 
KyleBroflovskki Your Serbian Jew double bluff won't work on me this time, Kyle. 
Fuck off, you donkey raping shit eater. 
Does a bear crap in the woods? And does the pope crap on the broken lives and dreams of 200 deaf boys? 
LenziToDesray Yea, Pip was a French piece of crap. Good thing he's fuckin' dead now. 
French people piss me off. 
jimmybuffett Nobody likes Jimmy Buffett except for frat boys and alcoholic chicks from the South! 
How do I reach these keeeedz? 
Faisal Shahzad...you're a fag. 
Just bought 3 copies of Timecop for $18! 
GabsBipolard Don't call me fat you buttfucking son of a bitch! 
I'm half Denver Bronco. Cooooo.... 
Up your ass with broken glass, Revolution Muslim. 
Da fuck, Comedy Central, da fuck? 
Comedy Central is a bunch of raging pussies for caving to those radical buttfucking Muslims. 
Scott Tenorman, you goddamn ginger faggot... 
Mr. Hat just told me that my mom isn't my real dad... 
Who is my father? 
If you want to find some quality friends, you have to wade through all the dicks first. 
Is the Pope Catholic...and making the world safe for pedophiles? 
I think Ricky Martin is a...Pakistani! 
Goddamn Jews! Suck my assbarf! 
Every town needs a hero. Every town needs...a coon. 
You guys are hella stupid. 
Say guys, 1776 was so long ago...I wonder what life would have been like back then? Back then? Ba-...back then? 
Kyle's mom is a bitch, she's a big fat bitch, she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world! 
"Whenever I see Jesus up on that cross/I can't help but think that he looks kinda hot..." 
DERR, how should I know, I'm retarded, DERR! 
Little_Butters ...Butters, I'm going to kill you over and over again. 
In the cityyyyyy, MARINA DEL RAY....lots of rich people, super-cool to the homeless! 
Check out my Adolf Hitler costume...isn't it cooool? 
Little_Butters You shot him in the DICK, Butters! The DICK! 
No, Kitty, this is MY pot pie! 
Terrance and Philip are sweet! SUPER SWEET! 
Jay Leno is a donkey-raping shit-eater. Conan is cooool... 
nbcjay Do you have to put your chin in a baby chair when you drive? 
nbcjay Mr. Leno, did you have to check your chin into oversize baggage on the plane? 
Its_Butters Shut up Butters! 
Its_Butters Haha, I took a picture of Butters with his wiener in my mouth. What a faggot! 
Its_Butters Butters, are you bike-curious? 
KyleBroflovskki I didn't give you AIDS, Kyle... 
Na na na na na na, hehehehehehe! 
I just got my period, you guys! I've finally become a man... 
KyleBroflovskki Have you seen The Passion, Kyle? If you're not scared of The Passion then go see it. Mel Gibson, Kyle. Mel Gibson. 
...and start biting the inside of your ass. And you'll be all like, "Hey! Get out of my ass you stupid rainbows!" 
I hate rainbows. You're sitting there, minding your own business, and they'll come, marching in and crawl up your leg... 
...I hate you guys. 
I love you guys. 
...We're four of a kind, havin' fun all day Pallin' around and laughin' away Just best friends, best friends are we. 
You guys are my best friends Through thick and thin, we've always been together 
2, or get my penis cut off? 2, or get my penis cut off? Hmm... 
Have you seen the poop swatches? 
Shut up Token, you black asshole! 
KyleBroflovskki Kyle, we've just GOT to get that sand out of your vagina! 
Killerweaksweet. 
KyleBroflovskki I'll help you, Kyle...if you kiss my black ass. Go on. Kiss it. 
Well, I'm a badass cowboy living in a cowboy's age, Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save Salma Hayek from the big metal spider! 
ShellyMarsh Well, go put that pizza in the oven, bitch! I'm hungry! 
There's water on the moon? That is tits, now Willzyx can survive! 
"Oh look, I'm Wendy Testaburger, you can suck my fat tits!" 
_KennyMcCormick OK Kenny. I'll trade you my Chuchunezumi for your Pengin. 
Mmm, yes, your tears are so yummy, mmm...the tears of unfathomable sadness, yes, mmm! 
Biggy Smalls...Biggy Smalls...Biggy Smalls...Biggy Smalls... 
Isn't my Steve Urkel sleeping bag coooool? 
Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my POKER FACE! She's got me like nobody! P-P-P-POKER FACE, P-P-P-POKERFACE! 
Titty sprinkles! 
Fingerbang bang...bang-bang! Fingerbang-bang...bang bang bang! I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life! Girl, you like to fingerbang... 
DERR, I"M GONNA BE IN THE SPECIAL OLYMPICS, DERRR! Bull's eye... 
_KennyMcCormick Everyone comes to the Tuesday $6.99 all-you-can-eat buffet, except for Kennys family because $6.99 is two years income. 
...And, how much is that in pubes? 
I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Cheesy Poofs, if we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be lame. I'm talkin' Night Court-in-it's-fifth-season lame! 
KyleBroflovskki Sup Jew? 
Billy Mays' Chipotlaway gets all the blood stains out of my underwear! 
Who's my kitty, who's my Mister Kitty, my fluffy old pal? Yeah, that's it, that's my Mister Kitty! 
_KennyMcCormick Goddammit, poor people suck! Poor people are turning out babies and they're expecting me to pay for it with my tax dollars! 
_KennyMcCormick Kenny, you watch Grey's Anatomy? Da fuck, dude? Da fuck? 
Mom...you'd tell me if you were in a German scheisse video, right? 
What's up brah? Go with Christ. 
Every town needs a hero. Every town needs...a Coon. 
Fuck off, you donkey-raping shit eater. 
_KennyMcCormick Kenny! Wanna look at Playboy? Wanna get high sniffing paint? Kenny? 
I just saw the new Terrance  Phillip movie, who wants to touch me? I SAID WHO WANTS TO FUCKING TOUCH ME! 
Stand back, I'm in a telekinetic battle of minds! Sha-na-na-na-na-na....chingchingchingching...ga ga ga ga.... 
My mom says to call a penis a fireman. The fireman is very magical- if you rub his helmet, he spits in your eye. 
_KennyMcCormick Well FUCK you Kenny, you poor piece of crap! 
_KennyMcCormick You know, it's funny, Kenny. Stan  Kyle have always been best friends, and I kinda thought maybe you were my best friend. 
I am the dog, the big bad doooog! 
_KennyMcCormick The most bacteria-ridden place on the planet is the mouth of an American woman, and you're gonna let that near your penis? 
gayfishkanye Dude, it's Puff Daddy! 
_KennyMcCormick Fuck you, you buttfucking son of a bitch! 
Beefcake. BEEFCAKE!!! 
_KennyMcCormick Poor people piss me off. 
_KennyMcCormick Give me Pengin, you little asshole! I must become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master! 
_KennyMcCormick Am I to understand there will be no side dishes? 
_KennyMcCormick Kenny, you gotta stop cheesing your fucking balls off. Having cats piss in your face is not cool! 
Mom, bathroom! BATHROOM! 
You guys, I'm seriously... 
FUCK JESUS! 
You guys like my Adolf Hitler costume? 
Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch, she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world! 
_KennyMcCormick Heheh, you suck, Kenny. 
I will do the German dance for you, it's fun and gay and tra-la-la... 
Hippies...They're everywhere! They wanna save the Earth, but all they do is smoke pot and smell bad! 
...while you go and smoke crack in your bedroom, and have sex with some guy I don't even know, on my dad's bed! 
If some girl tried to kick my ass, I'd be like, "Hey! Why don't you stop dressing me up like a mailman, and making me dance for you... 
KyleBroflovskki I haven't showered today, so my balls are...extra vinegary. Care for some nuts? You'll be chock full of nuts in a minute. 
I'm hella sweet. 
Goddamn you fucking phonics monkey! 
Mexican stinky balls! 
It's a man's obligation, to stick his boneration, in a woman's separation, to increase the population, of the younger generation. 
_KennyMcCormick Nooo, Kenny, the gun doesn't go "Pew! Pew!" It goes "BANG BANG BANG!" 
Jews can't play basketball. 
_KennyMcCormick Kenny, why do poor people smell like sour milk? 
Aww, man you're breaking my balls man, you're breaking 'em... 
notmelgibson Have I been a good boy, Mr. Gibson? 
If I knew where Mel Gibson was, I'd be down on the floor licking his balls at this very moment. 
towelie You're the worst character ever, Towelie. 
_KennyMcCormick *Whew!* Damn, Kenny! You stink! 
Finding the clitoris? What, is that like finding Jesus or something? 
KyleBroflovskki Suck my balls, Kyle! 
Hey, dudes, check out my sweet Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Ultrakeeper Futura 2000! 
Do British people count as an ethnicity for hate crimes? 
I'm gonna fingerbang, bang you into my life/Girl, you like to fingerbang and it's alright! 
Midgets piss me off. 
They mostly come at night. Mostly. 
Do you like fishsticks? 
NO KITTY, THAT'S A BAD GODDAMNED KITTY!!! 
That's a BAD Mr. Kitty! 
No, Kitty, I don't have anything! 
_KennyMcCormick Dude, seriously, you'd better stop being so poor, or else I'm gonna start huckin' rocks at ya. 
_KennyMcCormick Man, your family sucks ass, Kenny. Whoever heard of frozen waffles for dinner? 
I think that Mr. Slave guy is a...Pakistani. 
Ew, gross, Ben Affleck spooge! 
_KennyMcCormick Haha, look at Kenny's lunch! A bologna sandwich and water! Goddamn your family's poor, dude. 
Up late, playing Lambs. Put the lotion in the basket. Put the lotion in the fucking basket! 
If South Park doesn't win the Emmy for Best Animated Program this year, I'll make the voters eat their parents. 
My new Adolf Hitler costume is super sweet. Sieg heil! 
_KennyMcCormick StanSouthPark KyleBroflovskki I hate you guys. Especially Kenny. 
Clyde's a dick. 
I would never kill somebody. Not unless they pissed me off. 
_KennyMcCormick You can get me Yellow MegaMan, it's only $8.95 so maybe your mom can put it on layaway and make payments for a year or two. 
_KennyMcCormick Too bad drinking scotch isn't a paying job, or Kenny's dad would be a millionaire! 
KyleBroflovskki Dude, my mom is NOT on the cover of Crack Whore magazine! 
Butters_Stotch Dude, you shot a guy in the dick. You NEVER shoot a guy in the dick. 
Sexual harassment is when you're having intercourse with a lady friend, and some other guy comes up and tickles your balls from behind. 
_KennyMcCormick Kenny's family is so poor, they had to put their cardboard box up for a second mortgage. 
'Hey, I'm Scott Malkinson. I have diabetes and a lisp, I'm Scott Malkinson." 
I don't go to school and I kill people! Whateva! I'll do what I want! 
Fuck, shit, cock, ass, titties, boner, bitch, muff, pussy, cunt, butthole, BARBRA STREISAND! 
Blood drenched frozen tampon popsicle! 
Oh, sweet! A life-sized blow-up Antonio Banderas love doll! With realistic genitalia. Oh, this kicks ass! 
...No! Uncle Jesse, no! 
KyleBroflovskki Kyle, seriously, we gotta get that sand out of your vagina... 
Es ist Zeit fr sauberen! Wir mssen die Juden ausrotten! 
Piss out your ass onto Kyle's mom's fat fucking Jew face! Oh, excuse me... 
_KennyMcCormick *sigh* I hate you Kenny... 
Democrats piss me off. 
"I wanna get down on my knees and please Jesus/I wanna feel his salvation all over my face..." 
RIP, Mr. Jefferson. 
I got Butters good. While he was asleep I put my wiener in his mouth and took a picture of it. What a fag! 
Watching Fat Abbot cartoons, drinking Zoop and eating Cheesy Poofs. Hella sweet. 
Drugs are bad because if you do drugs you're a hippie, and hippies suck. 
That movie "Away We Go" looks totally weak. Those independent films are always about gay cowboys eating pudding. 
Had a good Father's Day. I gave mom the gift she asked for, a big black dildo. Whatever that is. 
You guys, you know what? My grandma was Dutch-Irish, and my grandpa was lesbian. That makes me quarter lesbian! 
Just woke up from a nightmare- I was trapped at Bonnaroo, the largest hippie jam fest on Earth. God help the residents of Manchester, TN. 
You know that feeling you get after taking a huge dump? Awesome... 
"It was the heat of the moment/Telling me what your heart meant/The heat of the moment showed in your eyes..." 
Hang in there, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. 
Meecrob is way grosser than shit. I'd scarf down a whole wet bucket full of shit before I ate another plate of meecrob. 
I'm not just sure, I'm HIV positive. 
Eating spicy hot Louisiana-baked chicken tenders and watching Terrance  Phillip. Awesome. 
Eradicating Jewish-looking characters in GTA: Chinatown Wars. 
Totally going to Casa Bonita tonight. Should be tits. 
pbateman No one goes to Tribeca Grand anymore. 
Ugh. I heard Jimmy Buffett's "Margaritaville" today. Fuck you Jimmy Buffett! You fuckin' suck! 
I love you Mel Gibson. 
My mom says there's a lot of black people in China. 
Dude? Da fuck, dude, da fuck! 
I have to figure out a new way to make $10,000, cash. 
Father's Day is coming up...What should I get for Mom? 
Butters_Stotch *sigh* Butters, goddammit... 
KyleBroflovskki Hand over the Jew gold Kyle... 
Goddamn asshole Kyle...I can see right through his Serbian Jew double-bluff! 
