text 
Wednesday in NYC: UNECOSOC special mtg on inequality   
WHO reports good news on Ebola, though high vigilance amp; response capacity must be maintained, see: 
 calls on governments to be part of finding solutions for Syrian refugees - Wednesday event at UNGeneva: 
Ban Ki-moon is at UNGeneva today for the Refugees Conference. Watch live from 9am CET 
UNODC launches initial study on Afghan opiate trade in Africa 
 trip to MENA rgn w/ Ban Ki-moon amp; JimKim_WBG recently wrapped up, see more: 
1 in 10 Syrian refugees will need resettling, other solutions in next 3 years via Refugees 
Today in Incheon: UNESCAP high level dialogue on Financing for Development  
Have you made your climate pledge? Watch Red turn the world green:  
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." - GaviSeth to TEDTalks  
Ask your leader to commit to  at May's WHSummit. This is how: 
Jan Eliasson amp; Dr. Sheila S Walker addressed today's   ceremony. Info: 
Watch now: "The UN at 70: Accomplishments and Challenges" convo with Martti Ahtisaari, baysontheroad + more 
WHO says Ebola in West Africa is no longer a "Public Health Emergency of Intl Concern," need for vigilance remains 
Life after  - WFP shares photos of those who fled the violence: 
The UNTrustFundEVAW is now accepting applications for 2016 grant cycle! Find out more: 
WHOYemen says health situation is critical as violent conflict enters 2nd year 
"Siege is a barbaric tactic of war that has no place in 21st century"  
UN_Women condolences w/ family of Raquelina Fernando Langa, who showed us how to dream big 
Starts this week in UNGeneva: Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities 
Concludes this week in UNGeneva: Human Rights Committee 
UN_Women condolences are w/ family of Raquelina Fernando Langa, who showed us how to dream big ttp://ow.ly/100ZMy 
childreninwar envoy welcomes Sudan's signing of action plan to end use of child soldiers 
This wknd Ban Ki-moon amp; JimKim_WBG visited Jordan on  trip. Photos amp; more: 
UN_Women chief phumzileunwomen urges greater input, visibility of women in peacebuilding 
Lagarde amp; other members of the High-Level Panel to  held 1st mtg this month 
In Tunisia today, Ban Ki-moon paid tribute to victims of terrorism at Bardo Museum. Info: 
News: UNOCHA says nearly $19m allocated to partners through Syria Humanitarian Pooled Fund 
Agenda for Humanity: check out 5 key actions the world needs  
Now underway in NYC: Security Council meeting on role of women in conflict prevention amp; resolution in Africa, see: 
Ban Ki-moon has arrived in Tunisia for a 2-day visit. Follow unictunis for updates in French amp; Arabic. 
Ban Ki-moon condemns appalling terror attack in Pakistan - UN_Spokesperson statement 
What are pulses amp; why are they important crops for food security?  video explains via FAOnews 
Here's a look at how countries can further strengthen nuclear security with the help of this IAEAorg online tool 
Only a few days left to enter the "Many languages, one world" impactUN essay content, see: 
Find out about events taking this week for the commemoration of  Day: via RememberSlavery 
Ban Ki-moon visited refugees at ZaatariCamp, met w/ King amp; PM in Jordan  
 - UN_Women recently introduced new series on women amp; the  
"If opportunities are provided to refugees, a transformation will occur."  GerDuany at TEDxPdNations 
ICYMI: globalcompact says "no" to all-male panels!   
On  trip, ahead of WHSummit, Ban Ki-moon amp; JimKim_WBG visits refugees at ZaatariCamp in Jordan. 
How do people get trapped in modern slavery? ILO says it's easier than you'd think. 
Ban Ki-moon amp; JimKim_WBG met King Abdullah, tks Jordan for hosting refugees  
PAHOWHO shares stories of men amp; women facing   
Why  WHO says nearly 1 in 4 deaths are due to unhealthy environments 
Meet some of the 1000s who have fled previously peaceful provinces in  Refugees 
thumb_sticks Thanks for spreading the word about  
RickBramhall Because mostly women cook on stoves or fires that fill the room with thick smoke from polluting fuels such as wood. 
NwasiMenkiti You're right! Follow GlobalGoalsUN for more updates. 
RHoijtink Mostly women cook on stoves or fires that fill the room with thick smoke from polluting fuels such as wood. 
merritthenson Thanks for catching it. It should be: 
Mcbride52877304 Information about UN careers is online here: 
Red is in Paris on  for climate action. Join in w/  
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
 - Ban Ki-moon amp; UNYouthEnvoy hear from refugees at the UN_Women Oasis in zaataricamp.  
Ahead of WHSummit, Ban Ki-moon urges leaders to "Invest in Humanity"  
On 30 March, govts have a chance to concretely boost support for  via Refugees 
Women make up 43 of agricultural labour force in dev countries  FAOstatistics 
One mans mission to help the women of DR Congo - interview with Dr. Denis Mukwege 
This week's  highlighted fact that 3 out of 4 global jobs are water dependent 
It's time to put humanity first amp; ensure we reach everyone in need:  
See why household air pollution is a gender issue  via WHO 
 lead by example amp; inspire to environmental action  nominate yours here: UNEP 
TBwalatum If you're not already, please follow UNAUK for local updates. 
What happened this week at the UN? Video updates on Zika outbreak,  amp; new report on water amp; jobs 
 Ban Ki-moon in Lebanon where 1/3 of population are refugees from Syria or Palestine. : gcwingman 
Taking the bus puts less carbon in the air. Make a climate pledge w/  
In Baghdad, Ban Ki-moon underlines extreme concern about enormous challenges Iraq faces 
Saturday's unrwausa  in NYC raised $150,000+. Thanks to all who took part! 
Get info on  in your pocket! Download  WHO  app for Android amp; iPhone 
ICYMI: Pirlo_official was at the UN this week. NYCFC explains here: 
Saturday in NYC!  in prospect_park which has already raised $150,000+. Info: 
New water initiative to clean up workplaces launched by Jan Eliasson this week.  
Are you using innovative finance to address  Submit  project today: 
UN_Women says IntlCrimCourt judgment on Bemba should be followed by reparations for survivors of sexual violence 
Red is greening Egypt on his world tour promoting  see:  
This  from UNDP features women in agriculture   
"Without stories there is silence"  women speak up at the UN about violence amp; disability 
Take a look at this UNICEFData interactive  on access to piped water over time: 
nmunreg Great photos! Thanks for sharing. 
Meet the 5,000th baby born at  refugees camp clinic: via UNFPA 
Ban Ki-moon's Agenda for Humanity calls on leaders to put humanity first:  
UN personnel, especially those deployed under dangerous conditions, deserve full protection amp; rights 
Traveling this weekend? See this pahowho tips on protect yourself from the  
This week UN_HRC established Commission on Human Rights in  Details  
The RememberSlavery memorial in NYC honours victims of transatlantic slave trade. Info: 
Ban Ki-moon, JimKim_WBG + more at Qobbeh Social Dev't Centre in Lebanon  
Ban Ki-moon w/ refugees, urges intl community to provide necessary funding  
UN_CSW urges gender-responsive implementation of   via UN_Women 
Ban Ki-moon amp; JimKim_WBG at Hay El-Tanak, Tripoli-North of Lebanon.  via UNICBeirut 
"Let us renew our resolve to  - Ban Ki-moon on RememberSlavery Day 
In Lebanon, Ban Ki-moon praises country's generosity towards Syrian refugees  
ICYMI - check out these "Water is Work" photos shared for  this wk ILOAfrica 
35 UN staff members continue to be detained or missing in Syria. UNOCHA calls for their immediate release: 
On  Day, find out about the  decade here: 
Congratulations to  finalists: aqrashik, C4Innovation amp; quasingo.  
UNHumanRights hails "hugely significant" Karadzic genocide verdict - no escape from justice for such crimes 
Latest WHO Situation Report on  microcephaly amp;  syndrome is here: 
Friday's RememberSlavery Day celebrates the heritage amp; Culture of the African Diaspora 
The  campaign continues for the  Find out more: 
Join us in paying tribute to those who have devoted their lives to promote amp; protect human rights for all. Info: 
Now: UN_CITO, ITU, UN_Women panel on closing the digital gender divide  
Growing tuberculosis among children is a neglected problem - UNITAID on  Day 
Ban Ki-moon pays a visit to UNIFIL headquarters in Naqoura, South Lebanon. Mission info: 
Imagine a world where everyone has the same opportunities: - WHSummit  
Ban Ki-moon has arrived in Lebanon for a 2-day visit - UNICBeirut info  
Ending TB by 2030 is a  target amp; the goal of the WHO  Strategy  
As small modular reactors are expected to hit markets by 2020, IAEAorg helps keep them safe amp; secure along the way 
Only 1 in 4 on treatment: UNITAID explains growing threat of drug-resistant TB-  Day 
Progress made on humanitarian track for  reports UN advisor Jan Egeland 
Today amp; every day - unite to  together we will better test, treat amp; cure - pahowho 
UN Envoy for Yemen OSESGY announces cessation of hostilities and start date for peace talks 
For  Day, UNITAID announces plans to invest in 3 new areas  
Diplomatic Quartet to prepare report to lay ground for Israel-Palestine talks  nmladenov 
Unite to end tuberculosis together we will  by stamping out poverty - pahowho 
Shout your support for the  amp; the  See why here: 
People affected by crises need the Agenda for Humanity - WHSummit explains  
UN Envoy to Yemen OSESGY says upcoming round of the peace talks for Yemen will take place on 18 April in Kuwait. 
Happening now at  
The effects of a warming planet will be felt by all - Ban ki-moon on  
Ukraine: UNHumanRights experts urge accountability for violations by foreign fighters 
Great news! 5 million meals shared through WFP  Thanks all . Get the app: 
The time is now to prevent amp; end conflict. WHSummit info is here:  
Advisory group endorses Ban Ki-moon's call for expansion of UNCERF Central Emergency Response Fund to $1billion 
IntlCrimCourt  conviction is historic step toward accountability for sexual violence in conflict - UN_Women 
With cooperation it is feasible to get aid to hard-hit Yemen -  via Refugees 
UN strongly condemns terrorist bombings in Brussels, calling it "an attack on us all" 
Wednesday is  Follow WMOnews for updates.  
"We must choose humanity over division and despair" - WHSummit's HerveVerhoosel  
Every $1 invested in hygiene brings econ return of $4 in health, productivity.  
Launched on Tues: UN_Women Step It Up for Gender Equality Media Compact at  Info: 
 causes heat spikes, CO2 is long-term driver  - WMOnews  
Launched on Tuesday: 2016 World Water Development Report  via UNESCOstat 
Now: phumzileunwomen, AnitaLomeli, cristinagallach + more at  media compact event 
Primary healthcare facilities have lower water, sanitation coverage than hospitals - WHO 
Ban Ki-moon strongly condemns terrorist bombings in Brussels - UN_Spokesperson statement 
chhoffma Great photo! Thanks for sharing it. 
Video for  ILO Director-General GuyRyder calls for improved conditions for water workers 
On  see how the  focus on life under water (image via ElyxYak) 
Needs in water sector are higher than ever.Qualified workers are in demand.  
10 answers to questions about forests amp; water - FAOnews   
Clean water amp; sanitation are easy to take for granted - until gone - ILO  
IntlCrimCourt finds Bemba guilty of crimes agnst humanity - UNHumanRights stmt 
1 billion work in farming, fishing amp; forestry. Water is key to survival  
We look forward to the next 15 years of tweets about the  at globalGoalsUN! 
India: sustainable fishing = better wages amp; protecting biodiversity  UNDP 
 amp;  - FAONnews launches programme on forests amp; water security 
Tuesday is  - see how decent jobs empower women.  
Many diplomatic missions  too. See list of accounts here --gt; 
UNHumanRights expert is taking your Qs now about work to  Post them here --gt; 
Better water = better jobs. See the  video here --gt; 
Find out more about todays IntlCrimCourt Bemba verdict here: 
On  watch Maya Angelou read her poem "A Brave and Startling Truth" which she wrote for the UN 
Climate change is altering forests amp; water resources -   
Monday's  honours poets, reading, writing + much more - UNESCO 
The UN works to  every day. Find out more amp; follow UNHumanRights 
Each yr approx 3,000 to 5,000 children are born with Down Syndrome.  
See  traditions amp; festivities to mark the arrival of spring amp; new year 
Happy  Here's why we should think of forests every time we turn on a tap: 
Today and every day -  whenever amp; wherever it occurs 
Live reddit chat on Monday 4pm (EST): Ask an expert how you can access UNHumanRights mechanisms to  
Investing in forests is an insurance policy for the planet.   
Continues this week in UNGeneva: UN_HRC Human Rights Council 31st session  
Continues this week in UNGeneva: Human Rights Committee 
Poetry helps to promote linguistic diversity amp; freedom of expression - IrinaBokova on  
Join us in wishing a happy Intl Day of  to all who are celebrating. Find out about the day here: 
Continues this week in UN_Vienna: 2016 Commission on Narcotic Drugs  via UNODC 
People of  are among those most affected by racism -  
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
Want to make the women of the world happy? Pay them equal wages! UN_Women on  
Monday is World Down Syndrome Day -- let's build an inclusive society for all! 
Monday's  honours poets, reading, writing + much more - UNESCO 
Racism is a problem in all societies. We all need to do our part to  every day: 
 amp;  are linked! UNDESA explains how here: 
More than 250k children affected by conflict in Colombia since 2013 - latest from UNICEF 
UNHumanRights experts cite very little progress made to  amp; xenophobia around the world. See why: 
Closed borders amp; closed minds have never changed this planet for the better via Refugees 
Let women have a say in decisions that affect them - UN_Women on  
It's  Enroll now for brsmeas "mooc" on e-waste. Details here: 
Thanks to all who took part in earthhour! Here are UN offices in NYC, Beirut, Chiinu amp; Bonn.  
It's  amp;  Ban Ki-moon amp; AngryBirds' "Red" share "green"  tips. 
Sports give women opportunity to show off their strength amp; capacity to be winners  
 is the theme for Sunday's  - see why here: 
In Afghanistan WFP uses technology to help families get through harsh winter. See how: 
 - UNDP explains how nurses save lives in Ghana using mobile phones  
Confused about whos a refugee amp; whos a migrant?  FAQs will help via refugees 
IFADnews is sharing  on  such as  of ppl in poverty reduced 
Ban Ki-moon condemns deadly Istanbul attack as "appalling violence" 
Join sachin_rt amp; call for a cleaner India where everyone uses a toilet  
 - new UNESCO_AsiaPac  framework to focus on learner well-being 
End poverty, reduce inequality amp; protect the planet = it's  - ElyxYak image 
On  watch amp; share this johngreen video featuring a teenager, writer amp; Syrian refugee via Refugees 
 UN Headquarters in NYC went dark for  on Saturday! Message: 
 - UN bldg in NYC is dark right now for EarthHour! Ban Ki-moon's msg: 
Conserve water Plant a tree Take public transport Do your part on  amp; every day!  
What happened this wk at the UN? 5 yrs of Syria conflict, WHO report on unhealthy environments, AshleyJudd + more 
Honduras risks becoming "lawless killing zone" for rights defenders  UNHumanRights expert 
New Ebola cases confirmed in Guinea - WHO warns of more possible flare ups  
Numbers aren't everything, but they are revealing - UN_DPA on  of women in peace/security 
Launched this week - UNAUK  report on achieving the  
Find out more about AshleyJudd's new role with UNFPA here:  
Security Council calls on Haiti to complete elections without further delay 
Extended to 27 March! Submit Qs for  in  dialogues - via unngls amp; UN_PGA 
How far would you move to help refugees? UNRWAUSA is asking you to do 3.1 miles!  
Walk Recycle Conserve water Carry a reusable water bottle Stars share these + more  tips! 
Interview: A fate shaped by injustice  one mans mission to help the women of DR Congo 
Improving the environment improves health - WHO on   
Honourary ambassador Red says  action includes turning off the lights at 8:30pm - EarthHour! 
As war enters its 6th year in Syria, here are 5 ways WFP offers help  
50+ of hospitals amp; health clinics are no longer functioning in Syria - WHO  
Women emerged as leaders after Cyclone Winston hit Fiji - UN_Women   
See why Red from AngryBirds is Honorary  Ambassador!  
Sports +  Yes! UNICCairo hosted a "mini-Olympics" to promote the  
"There's no alternative to a political settlement of Burundian crisis" - Ban Ki-moon to Security Council 
Communities in Myanmar still struggling 7 months after cyclone. New WFP FAOnews report: 
The UN is supporting earthhour again this year! Join in at 8:30 p.m. wherever you are!  
UNHCR says refugees fleeing Syria need better opportunities in first countries of asylum 
It was an amazing week at  And more great events start on Monday. UN_CSW info: 
Latest news on  is here: 
Biggest killers of kids in  are malnutrition, malaria, respiratory infections 
 must be at the core of humanitarian action -   
The AngryBirds are joining the UN to go green! Ideas here amp; tweet your own actions using  
. joshgad MayaRudolph amp; Jason Sudeikis - thanks for the  tips!  
Take a UN tour with "honourary ambassador" Red over at Snapchat - "united-nations" -  
Live now! See the  action w/ special guests at the UN in NYC here: 
Let's take climate action 4 a future that is more peaceful, sustainable amp; happy-Ban Ki-moon  
'I'm glad that the UN can give Red a reason to go Green' Ban Ki-moon  
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appoints Angry Bird Red as Honorary Ambassador for Green  
Now:  informal mtg on Sept high-level mtg on refugees amp; migrants. Info: Watch: 
War's silent killer: UNOCHA photos call attention to malnutrition in the  
Ahead of  Day, Ban Ki-moon expresses alarm at surge of intolerance, racist views amp; hate-driven violence 
Watch now:  mtg on elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia amp; related intolerance  
Tune for a special  announcement this afternoon in NYC at 5:30 pm: 
Colombia has shown Its commitment to peace - Ban Ki-moon via UN_DPA 
UN_Women: "We call for the effective protection of refugee women amp; girls" - statement: 
Wasting food makes AngryBirds mad! Make them happy - buy less amp; tweet a climate pledge to  
Investment that reduces risk helps stop disasters - UNISDR explains  
Mark your calendar! It's your turn to ask a human rights expert about work to  
 has highest  of HIV+ ppl in world, w/ an est 6.3 million ppl living w/  
This week  Selection Committee announced 4 finalists, see:  
Ukraine: UN calls on all parties to ensure access to safe drinking water in eastern region 
With  underway in NYC, see this convo w/ women ambassadors about the Security Council 
nicesanjog It's on Sunday, 20 March! 
Curtissboyy Yes, but we'd love to get people talking about it for  on 20 March. 
Tweet your pledge to turn off unnecessary lights to AngryBirds using  for  
The Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction is one year young today. Have you made the switch? 
Music superstar angeliquekidjo steps into a new role w/ the UN - TV host! cc TV5monde 
More than 11 million people are in need of health services in Syria - WHO  
Friday at 3 pm:  informal mtg on Sept high-level mtg on refugees amp; migrants. Member state info: 
Understanding is the 1st step to reducing disaster risk - UNISDR on  
 - Look back at the enduring impact of the UN's 2nd Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjld 
 in numbers - FAOemergencies Preparedness amp; Response Situation Report 
Intv: Days of "silence" on sexual exploitation amp; abuse are over, says UN_CAR envoy 
Happening now:  event focusing on women's rights. Follow africarenewal,  amp; see: 
WHO needs USD437 million to reach more people in Syria w/ lifesaving medical care in 2016 
Health promoters in Colombia are key for  prevention - pahowho  
Continues: UNDESA symposium on inclusive amp; accountable public admin   
What do we know  around the world? Find out in new report from UNFPA amp; Promundo_US:  
IAEAorg Board of Governors recently approved a 2.3 million euro project to help combat   
New UNESCO "Heritage in a Box" aims to raise awareness of  through education 
In every region, men are still much more likely to be employed than women - ILO on  
Myanmar: Ban Ki-moon welcomes election of first civilian President in more than 50 years 
Thursday in Rome: discussion on  impact amp; priorities for action via FAOemergencies 
News: WFP launches food voucher programme to assist families in Yemen 
Thanks to UNOPS for sharing this  of a refugee  in  
Thanks to soccer star AbbyWambach for supporting     
Ban Ki-moon condemns airstrikes that hit al-Khamees market in  one of the deadliest since start of conflict 
GlobalCompact, worlds largest corporate sustainability initiative, says "no" to all-male panels.  
Myanmar: see how a UNDemocracyFund-supported programme is helping young people build skills 
 implores all sides to allow humanitarian access to hardest hit areas of Yemen 
 - CanadianPM JustinTrudeau told  what gender equality, empowerment amp; feminism mean to him. 
High-Level Panel on Womens Economic Empowerment kicked off at   
Now:  event w/ UNFPA, AshleyJudd +more against harmful practices  
unrwausa  walk/run will support the Community Mental Health Program in Gaza. Info: 
News: WIPO has announced top filers of international patent applications in 2015 
News: UNEP amp; IMAX partner to promote climate solutions amp; actions to achieve  
Change starts with you (amp; AngryBirds)! Join the  campaign! 
Global call to action on  -  event w/ AbbyWambach amp; more continues, see: 
Across all regions, women are paid less than men. Watch  event live now:  
Continues now:   event spotlighting business opportunities for gender equality 
Accelerating invstmnt in adolescent girls is the right amp; smart thing to do - UNFPA  
Need more ideas for pledging climate action? See here --gt;  
On 30 March, govts will have a chance to concretely boost support for Syrians via Refugees 
As the Syria crisis enters its 5th year, Ban Ki-moon issues a statement on seizing the opportunity for peace 
News: HelenClarkUNDP names actress  as UNDP Goodwill Ambassador: 
Honoured by UnfEWEC, Ban Ki-moon says "true champions are fighting on frontlines"  
Opposition raises issue of detainees, aid access as  continue 
"Being a girl is not a crime, it is a privilege" - new UNFPA Goodwill Amb AshleyJudd 
In the context of  UNFPA urges all governments to provide info amp; access to  incl condoms 
UNHCR Special Envoy, Angelina Jolie Pitt, met Syrian refugees in Lebanon. Statement: 
5 yrs of conflict. 11m forced to flee. Refugees ask where is the solidarity  
12.6M deaths per yr attributable to unhealthy environments - WHO  
Happening now in NYC:  event. Watch live here: 
Ban Ki-moon honoured with "Delivering for Girls amp; Women" Award   
Now: Every Woman Every Child high-level  event "The Road to Realizing Rights 
5 years of crisis in Syria - see it in pictures:   via OCHA_Syria 
Continues: 60th Commission on the Status of Women. Follow  amp; UN_CSW til 24 Mar amp; see 
Find out more about the GlobalNYC "Junior Ambassadors" programe here:   
Starts Tuesday in NYC: Committee for Development Policy   
Tuesday: Join  chat on global governance amp;  for  
Commission of Inquiry on Syria at the UN Human Rights Council Watch live:   
Starts today in Addis:  Ministerial Mtg. Msg from Jan Eliasson: via sanwatforall 
New: Joint United Nations humanitarian chiefs' statement on 5 years of conflict in Syria 
Syria Envoy Staffan de Mistura stresses need for inclusivity in  via UNGeneva 
Iraq: WHO mobile medical clinics are providing care to patients in hard-to-reach areas 
AwadhGaren The website is here:  
Ngusale Thanks for following along! 
kt_armstrong24 We're happy for you to help spread the word right here on Twitter now! Thanks for your support. 
Full equality for women everywhere can be achieved, Ban Ki-moon at   
Commission on Narcotic Drugs focuses on shared responsibility to combat illicit drugs  
See how NYC engages with the world via nycmayorsoffice's - new GlobalNYC site --gt;  
Girls demand self-direction, freedom amp; opportunity - YOU should listen! UNFPA at  
UNBBCom to govts: broadband can be your most powerful development catalyst via ITU 
In addition to the 208  events, NGOs are organizing 450+ parallel events via UN_CSW 
Ban Ki-moon urges action by leaders where not even a single woman is in parliament  
Security + human rights situation in Burundi has not improved, says  via refugees 
Starts Monday in NYC!  on  implementation for  See UN_CSW: 
This week in Lima: UNESCO 4th World Congress of Biosphere Reserves  
Continues week in UNGeneva: UNHumanRights Committee on Enforced Disappearances 
Continues this week in UNGeneva: Human Rights Committee 
Starts this week in UNVienna: Commission on Narcotic Drugs 
Continues this week in UNGeneva: UN_HRC Human Rights Council 31st session  
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
Calling all college students! Enter this essay contest for a chance to win a trip to NYC to speak at the UN! 
What topics will be discussed at the upcoming WHSummit? Find out here:  
Thanks to MadamSecretary star TimmyDaly for supporting the  Join in here: 
70 years of empowering women! Ahead of this week's  see this un_CSW interactive timeline: 
See free_equal advocacy in action in this behind-the-scenes video featuring DanielaMercury amp; maluvercosa 
The UNFCCC   campaign continues through 22 April. Join in: 
You can help! Please RT amp; support WFP here: 
Interview: UN_News_Centre talked to phumzileunwomen about  + more. Watch it here: 
Test your knowledge on  and see how you score on WHO's Zika quiz: 
Watch amp; share this new video featuring the Siddis: a forgotten people of  in India. 
Recap: UN_HRC's debate on all  - including the right to development   
This week amp; always  pays tribute to strength amp; resilience of displaced women, see: 
 plans to implement emergency response activities in Ethiopia via FAOemergencies 
ICTs can deliver benefits towards  of good health + well-being - ITU info 
Inconsistent practices at Europe borders causing unnecessary suffering. via Refugees 
Want to help yourself amp; the planet? ColinBeavan on  + more  
The  amp; data dilemma - see ITU blog on emerging battle for your car's data 
Interview: UN_News_Centre talked to UNISDR's RobertGlasserUN about  + more: 
What happened this wk at the UN? Video recap of  Sahrawi refugees,  amp; more 
Join SRSGVAC amp; support the call to  against children:  
Ban Ki-moon welcomes Security Council action to combat abuse by peacekeepers 
Preview: this wk's  to focus on womens empowerment, sustainable dev't  
Zika, dengue amp; chikungunya: pahowho says mosquitoes ctrl must be ramped up in Americas: 
All our 63 info centres are promoting the  Here's an update from UNICBeirut 
Continues today! Follow using  amp; join the e-discussion here: 
Have you checked out the new site? Go behind-the-scenes here: 
Ahead of Syrian conflict anniversary, UN amp; partners appeal for real peace   
What topics will be discussed at the upcoming WHSummit? Find out here:  
Watch what would happen if all the unemployed women in the world got the jobs they need:  via WorldBank 
Tune into the frequency of peace. Watch this UNIFILSpokesman video about its radio work 
Joint statement form UN aid chiefs + partners ahead of  : political talks must bring a real peace: 
From monitoring health of nomadic groups to virtual patients, WHO_Europe looks at  
On Friday, the Security Council endorsed steps to combat sexual exploitation by peacekeepers 
Gender parity rating system for films could reduce sexism in Hollywood  
See what UNPeacekeeping has to say about this important issue here: 
"World has much to learn from Japan" - Ban Ki-moon on anniversary of earthquake amp; tsunami 
200M fewer women online than men - 5 critical actions to close digital gender gap: via ITU 
Security Council adopts resolution on measures to combat sexual abuse amp; exploitation in UNpeacekeeping missions. 
See now: Security Council expected to discuss UNPeacekeeping operations, incl issue of sexual exploitationamp; abuse 
SconesOfAnarchy Note: That comment was sent by nancy_groves and you can send other concerns to ocialmediaun.org. 
1Aksp Note: That comment was sent by nancy_groves and you can send other concerns to ocialmediaun.org. 
HoldingOn2Stars You can find updates on all UN activities amp; work underway here: Thanks for your interest. 
1Aksp And, by the way, we rarely block anyone. 
1Aksp I run the UN account and we haven't blocked anyone today. 
SconesOfAnarchy Whose account are you saying UN blocked? I personally run that account and we haven't blocked anyone today amp; rarely do. 
Find out more about the work of the UN's communicators here:  
Now: UN_PGA amp; UNFPA event on adolescent girls amp; the   
Cash transfers empower women affected by conflict - WFP_Philippines explains:  
In case you missed it, this was one of this week's  NYC highlights.  
Starts now! YouthForumCSW. Not in NYC? Join the E-Consultation on  5 here: 
Fukushima  the road to recovery, 5 years of IAEAorg action 
 killing, rape, destruction continued unabated in 2015. Full UNHumanRights report is here: 
Thanks for all the gender equality posts like this one this week! We'll keep featuring them all year long! 
Find out more about the work of UNMAS here: 
More about this week's UN_CTED  event is online here: 
5 years after Fukushima: IAEAorg explains work to make nuclear power safer: 
After missile launch, Ban Ki-moon calls on Iran not to increase tensions by "hasty actions" 
Ban Ki-moon presents Security Council with special measures to curb sexual exploitation 
5 years have passed since Japan suffered a triple catastrophe - WHO looks at Fukushima 5 years on here --gt; 
Missile firing prompts Ban Ki-moon to call on DPR Korea to stop "destabilising acts"  
Women are key to achieving each of the 17  UN_Women info --gt;  
Latest WHO Situation Report on  microcephaly amp;  syndrome 
Join SRSGVAC amp; support the call to  against children:  
It is crucial to keep humanitarian access open in Yemen - see latest from  Refugees 
We must work w/ countries to confront sexual exploitation amp; abuse - full remarks 
Today!  mtg on terrorism,  amp; the role of judges. See UN_CTED amp; 
Statistical Commission session continue through Friday - follow UNDESA for  updates. 
 to launch of   on  w/ Goodwill Ambassador EmWatson amp; UNESCO Envoy ForestWhitaker 
On  HelenClarkUNDP outlined opportunities amp; challenges for gender equality: 
See who is supporting  in this new ITCnews video. Gender equality matters! 
Find out more about the GVAGenderChamps Initiative here: via UNGeneva 
Want to help? Support UNFPA here: 
On  trip to Burkina Faso, Ban Ki-moon met ppl affected by crises WHSummit 
How did you celebrate  See how UNIC_Pakistan amp; ukinpakistan honoured journalists 
Zika outbreak reveals major impact on women - JimKim_WBG for this week's  
Preventing child sexual abuse via new tech is urgent. Many countries lack laws to prosecute cases - UNHumanRights 
You can help UNFPA here: 
Now online: 1st report of UNHumanRights Special Rapporteur on  in the Digital Age: 
Zika update: WHO warns  could spread through sexual intercourse 
Missed yesterday's UN_Women  commemoration? You can watch it here:  
Access to clean water remains difficult in Yarmouk refugee camp - UNRWA on  
UN Special Envoy for  Staffan de Mistura to start  at UNGeneva on Monday 14 March. 
Iraq: Bold steps needed to guarantee future of threatened ethnic amp; religious groups - UNHumanRights 
Gender amp; income inequality are interlinked. IMFnews for   
New WHSummit gallery: Ban Ki-moon visited Mauritania amp; Algeria on  trip: 
UNMAS Global Advocate for Elimination of Mines amp; Explosive Hazards Daniel Craig promotes women, peace amp; security 
Check out this lovely isardasorensen photo of EmpireStateBldg (to left of UNHQ) shining overnight for  
Turkey: Govt seizure of media group is an extraordinary threat to freedom of expression - UNHumanRights davidakaye 
New ILO report this wk: millions of women are losing ground in quest for equality at work 
Ban Ki-moon celebrated the 20th anniversary of UNBonn this week. See what he said: 
Want to help refugees? Find out how here: 
The right to sexual amp; reproductive health is indivisible from other    
New OCHA_Syria video shows how the ongoing 5-year  affects millions of women   
Launched on  New unstamps featuring  Get yours here:  
On  find out about UNFPA work to end child marriage  
New UNESCO Prize for girls amp; womens education: call for nominations  
 are needed. Apply now to UNVolunteers Global Talent Pool!  
10  facts about women in the world from WFP on   
itcnews calls for a greater share of women in global working - on   
RT to spread the word - we need to step it up for  on  via ElyxYak 
Thanks for all the  tweets!    features in our 1st-ever TwitterMoments post! 
Respect rights of rural women amp; their key role in development - UNHumanRights  
Thanks for calling attention to  Google!  see  
Happening now in NYC: we're celebrating  Watch the  live stream here: 
Better data. Better lives. Follow  Info: Watch all week: 
These deminers are just a few of the women in this new   gallery 
See how you can take action for the  amp; work towards  here:  
Of these 20 women's rights champions, which one is  Quiz:  
Looking for more  images? Follow UN_Women on Instagram for updates all year, see: 
Women's rights are human rights. See Ban Ki-moon's  message for  here: 
Ban Ki-moon condemns Monday's terrorist attacks on police amp; army posts in Ben Guerdane, Tunisia 
Message to the women of Syria from UN Special Envoy Staffan de Mistura on Intl Womens Day.   
Each time a journalist is killed, the press is silenced, the rule of law amp; democracy get weaker.  
On  see UN_Women's  of women all over the world:  
More female police needed in UNPeacekeeping to combat gender-based violence  
It's  - see how gender equality brings benefits for the whole family via WFP 
 fact: gender inequality amp; high rates of hunger go hand-in-hand via ZeroHunger 
Find out more on  + follow UN_Women amp; free_equal all year long! 
When women are empowered amp; safe to contribute to society, incredible things happen:  
Better maternal health care saves lives! Tuesday is   via UN_Women 
Follow UN_Women for important  updates this week amp; see:  
Almost 2/3 of people in Syria have no access to safe water - latest from WHO is here: 
Follow UN_Women for important  updates this week amp; see: 
Countries neighbouring Burundi should continue to keep their doors open -  refugees 
Tristan_Tonks Here's just one way the UN is supporting innovators: Thanks for your interest! 
SednaKate The call is for stories in all kinds of media. More UN_Women info is here: Thanks for your interest! 
We must invest in young people - Ban Ki-moon at Mohamed Maazouzi school in Algiers.   
Starts this week in UNGeneva: Human Rights Committee 
This week in UNGeneva: UNHumanRights Committee on Enforced Disappearances 
Continues this week in UNGeneva: UN_HRC Human Rights Council 31st session  
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
We must deliver on promise of  to leave no one behind  Jan Eliasson this week 
West-Eastern Divan Orchestra designated a UN Global Advocate for Cultural Understanding 
LeviCurrie Women need equal opportunities. Thanks for your interest and support! 
haydenedge20131 More work for gender equality us needed everyone. Thanks for helping spread the word! 
cicmomo For some, but not for everyone. Thanks for helping spread the word! 
MivProductions But you're only getting 50 of the news without gender parity. 
KristinDavis Great photo! Thanks for taking part! 
Thank you to frontlinepbs for drawing attention to the crisis in South Sudan + UNPeacekeeping work there. 
For  we need more stories about women amp; girls - UN_Women ahead of  
Last day to take part in UNESCO  photo amp; story contest: 
Better access to water increases women's opportunities to learn or earn a living  
Ukraine: UNHumanRights shares testimonies by civilians on the situation in the eastern conflict area 
To achieve  we need more women in senior management - UN_Women  
ICT is helping visually impaired students in  learn - UNESCO explains:  
 will significantly increase humanitarian needs in Southern Africa - UNOCHA 
Ban Ki-moon is in Algeria today. More info is here: 
It's  More on the GlobalGoalsUN is here:  
This week: UNStats Commission will discuss the  indicators. UNDESA experts explain:  
Financial system we need is one that is aligned to  - op-ed from UNEP ED ASteiner: 
Yemen: Mounting civilian casualties - 168 civilians killed amp; 93 injured in February 
 trip draws attention to Sahrawi refugees whose plight is often overlooked 
New WFP/@FAOnews report shows dire situation in Central African Rep  
 support recovery efforts after the earthquake in Nepal - UNVounteers 
Ahead of  IPUparliament says Women's participation rate in parliaments slows 
See what ppl are telling UNFCCC about the   
Fiji: $38.6m needed to provide aid for 350,000 people affected by  - UNOCHA 
Only 1 out of 10 ppl who need assistive tech devices have access to them, due to lack of availability amp; high costs 
 help to fill children's stomachs amp; minds - watch amp; share this WFP  video  
Intl Womens Day is this week! UN_Women info, videos, photos amp; more:   
CaseyNeistat Great photo! Thanks for taking part. 
drquarles Great photo! Thanks for taking part. 
50WomenProject Great photos! 
Governments must address the root causes that drive people from their homes via Refugees 
ItsRedRidingH KatyKatopodis Follow Refugees for updates amp; see: 
hnahro Find out more about the upcoming WHSummit here: 
munsi13 Great photo! Thanks for sharing it! 
The Security Council is in Mali today. Photos from Mopti. 
Celebrate exceptional  in lead-up to  on 8 March! via UNVolunteers 
New  says ultimate goal of drug control treaties is health/welfare of all 
UN_Women Ambassador Nicole Kidman wants you to  to   
What happened this wk at the UN? Updates on Libya crisis, Cyclone Winston + new UNESCOstat education report 
UNReliefChief releases $8m from UNCERF for 350k ppl (1/3 Fiji) affected by  
UNEPinEurope leads 1st-ever nationwide diagnosis of contaminated soil in Republic of Serbia: 
 calls for shift from aid dlvry to ending need in order to tackle instability 
"Supporting victims is, and must remain, our priority." - senior UNPeacekeeping official 
"India amp; South Asia as a whole have a very special place in my heart" - Ban Ki-moon 
See what young people are saying about the GlobalGoalsUN "Year of Living Sustainbly" here: 
Latest WHO Situation Rpt on  microcephaly amp;  syndrome is here: 
Have Qs on standards of conduct for UNPeacekeeping? Answers are here: 
6 steps that will help solve the refugee situation in Europe 
Apple - FBI case could have serious global ramifications for rights, says UNHumanRights chief 
 trip calls attention to work to end infant amp; maternal mortality in Mauritania 
It is greatly distressing when protectors, in rare instances, turn predators - more on report on UNPeacekeeping 
Report on special measures for protection from sexual exploitation amp; sexual abuse is here: 
Now: Atul Khare presents rpt on special UNPeacekeeping measures for protection from sexual exploitation amp; abuse 
For public health,  is defining issue for 21st century - WHO's Dr Chan to   
Europe signals major support for the  of ending   amp; malaria as epidemics by 2030 - GlobalFund 
 steady in Feb, 1st global 2016 wheat prod forecast slightly down - FAOnews 
Keep the aid coming! You can help here: 
Annual debate on the Rights of Persons with  happening now at UN_HRC. Follow  
UN_PGA invites you to submit questions for  dialogues with  
Arbitrary detention: UNHumanRights expert group releases its opinions on 29 detention cases from 14 countries 
Ban Ki-moon shines spotlight on ppl suffering from crises amp; calls on leaders to come to WHSummit.  
Combating the illegal trade in wildlife to continue at   via UNEP 
 UNHumanRights experts call on US to increase efforts to address environmental threats 
Ever-changing ICT landscape needs careful regulation + policy attention to continue to flourish - ITU  
 WHO says 32 million children worldwide live with disabling hearing loss 
We've got the  now it's got to be signed! Join the  amp; show support for climate action. 
In Ouagadougou, Ban Ki-moon salutes efforts to reach most vulnerable  
Global Coalition campaign launched to end illegal trade in wildlife:  
Watch now:  event in NYC amp; launch of Intl Elephant Film Festival. 
Ukraine: Growing despair among over 3 million civilians in conflict zone - UNHumanRights report 
Staffan de Mistura amp;Jan Egeland on cessation of hostilities amp; humanitarian access in  
Ban Ki-moon in Burkina Faso ahead of WHSummit: Investing in capacity amp; resilience is necessary for  
Wildlife conservation is a shared responsibility. We all have a role to play. The future of wildlife is  
More info on how you can help UNRWA is online here: 
The poaching level of rhinos in Africa remains alarmingly high.  
From hearing aids to wheel chairs, WHO says assistive tech devices are improving the lives of many people 
On  Ban Ki-moon calls on all countries amp; citizens to play their part 
Find out more about the  amp; take action here: cc: GlobalGoalsUN 
Organized crime pushes species to brink of extinction. Get  on  - UNODC 
Guatemala: UNHumanRights experts welcome judgment of former military officials for crimes against humanity 
The future of wildlife is  RT to spread the word on  
We are happy to welcome angeliquekidjo as new host of flagship "21me Sicle" TV programme! 
Take a look at these  poster contest entries amp; find out more:  
Girls are twice as likely as boys to remain excluded from education - UNESCOstat 
Thanks to Messenger of Peace Jane Goodall for being a part of   
Security Council unanimously adopts non-proliferation/Democratic Ppl's Rep of Korea resolution. Mtg continues:  
Happening now: Security Council meeting on non-proliferation/Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea. Watch:  
Intl drug Control treaties do not mandate war on drugs - new  
Have questions on the  Get answers from WHO here: 
Thank you for everything! Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says 'farewell' to Spain following his visit. 
 treaties bedrock of sound governance UNHumanRights on 50 yrs of  
Ban Ki-moon praises SpainMFA for addressing "most urgent issues on intl agenda SpainUN 
Families in Central African Rep struggling w/ dire food insecurity - FAOnews WFP rpt 
 countries shld urgently implement agreed-upon measures to mitigate  impacts: 
Thanks to johngreen for help raising awareness Syria crisis amp; refugees! Help here: 
At  event in DC, Jan Eliasson links sustainable peace w/ progress on  
Women of Fiji are  but they need support. Help UN_Women help them: 
WHO is dispelling rumours around Zika amp; microcephaly. See all facts on  here: 
___queen_sara Thank you for your interest! See the UNLibrary and search UN resolutions 
patnjri Thank you for your interest! Take a look at these tips ; 
School meals are a critical safety net amp; vital investment in the future - WFP  
27 States still haven't ratified the  of  law. UNHumanRights for full ratification this year 
Intra  will resume 9 March at UNGeneva - UN Special Envoy Staffan de Mistura 
On  Day amp; every day, everyone has the right to live w/ respect amp; dignity 
WHO calls on Syria conflict parties to allow unhindered access amp; unconditional medical aid delivery to all areas 
Today in DC: Achieving  in fragile states w/ Jan Eliasson, JimKim_WBG + more  via unicdc 
Tuesday: Angola takes on rotating presidency of the Security Council for the month of March 
On  Day amp; every day, everyone has the right to live w/ respect amp; dignity 
 turns 1 in March. Join the celebration now, in UNISDR  campaign 
Attn: media! Want to cover the  Signature Ceremony? Apply by 8 Apr. Details: 
"When you are young, the future is open  and so is the world." See more advice from Ban Ki-moon to young people 
Discrimination must not go unchallenged - Ban Ki-moon on  Day 
New UNESCAP report finds migrants play critical role in Asia-Pacific development 
Women amp; girls should be at core of disaster risk reduction,  monitors told 
"Now is the time to choose the rocky road instead of the paved path" - Ban Ki-moon 
Tuesday is  Day - a time to celebrate diversity, tolerance amp; inclusion! 
The  are a major step forward for  - Ban Ki-moon to  
Good news! Unprecedented donor support enables WFP to restore food assistance to Syrians 
West-Eastern Divan Orchestra designated a UN Global Advocate for Cultural Understanding 
See what else Ban Ki-moon said about the  amp;  today  
Ban Ki-moon w/ Envoy Staffan de Mistura in UNGeneva Syria Crisis Operations Centre. Info: 
This morning: Ban Ki-moon speaks at the Human Rights Council. Watch live  
Starts today in UNGeneva: UN_HRC Human Rights Council 31st session  
Concludes this week in UNGeneva: Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women  
Concludes this week in UNGeneva: Committee on Economic, Social amp; Cultural Rights 
"Let us not take this planet for granted" -  winner amp; UN Messenger of Peace LeoDiCaprio 
Congrats to UN Messenger of Peace LeoDiCaprio!  his support for the   
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
Before the red carpet,  Saoirse Ronan talked migration amp; more w/ UN_Radio 
Tobacco products in films entice millions of young ppl to start smoking   
Simple measures can lower the risk of getting infected with  via UNICEF 
Forests, wildlife amp; biodiversity need protection! The  aim to do that + more: 
It's  Sunday! Did you know that a UN-produced film won a 1947 Academy Award? See: 
Once a displaced child himself, Ban Ki-moon visited w/ kids at WFP supported school in DRC 
FCBarcelona amp; UNICEF mark 10 years of partnership and renew commitment to children 
Want to help yourself amp; the planet? See "No Impact Man" ColinBeavan's advice on   
Women amp; children = 2/3 of people crossing to Europe, 60 of sea arrivals in Feb v refugees 
Treating fistula in Cameroon amp; giving women hope again - UNFPA at work 
Did you know? WFP aims to bring food assistance to 80 million+ people in 80 countries 
Each year UNOPS posts approx. 1400 vacancies. Stay up-to-date with opportunities here: 
Snapshot UN_CTED global recommendations on  threat - more info: 
Yemen: OCHAYemen 2016 Humanitarian Response Plan at a glance is online here: 
New cancer registry in Pakistan will help in developing cancer prevention amp; control plans via IAEAorg 
1st UN_Radio podcast explores refugees amp; migration via  film. Listen --gt; 
Ending hunger: WFP outlines 3 things that need to happen after the   
Education in emergencies will be key topic at this year's WHSummit  
All healthcare providers need accurate info when providing support to women w/  during pregnancy - WHO 
Pollinators vital to our food are under threat - latest news from FAOnews is here 
 Day is almost here: Find out more from UNAIDS: 
People have been talking about the  See what they are saying ahead of 22 April signing ceremony. 
Member states urged to make responsibility to protect a reality, see:  
Envoy de Mistura plans to reconvene suspended Intra-Syrian Talks in UNGeneva on 7 March 
Blue dot safe hubs to boost protection for families on the move in Europe - refugees 
What happened this wk at the UN? Video recap from  trip to Burundi, DRC amp; South Sudan + Syria crisis 
In  this week, Ban Ki-moon stressed peace over politics. Find out more here: 
W/  FAOclimate is ready to act. Boosting resilience is key:  
Liberia: UN_Women's phumzileunwomen recognizes role played by women in  
$21m from UNCERF allocated for urgent aid to people affected by conflict in  
On Friday, the UN Security Council endorsed the cessation of hostilities pact in Syria 
New UN_CTED report on foreign terrorist fighters is out - hear UN_Radio interview 
New: WHO guidance for healthcare workers caring for psychosocial needs of pregnant women affected by  
Taskforce to meet at UNGeneva on Saturday to see how cessation of hostilities has been able to take hold.  
Happening now: Syria Envoy Staffan de Mistura is briefing journalists in UNGeneva: 
News: Security Council unanimously adopts resolution 2268 endorsing agreement on a cessation of hostilities in Syria 
Now addressing Security Council by videoconference from UNGeneva: Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura, see: 
Watch live now: UN Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria 
1st UN_Radio podcast explores refugees amp; migration via  film. Listen --gt; 
Now: UN_PGA briefing on  selection amp; appointment process: 
 is discussing 10 yrs of  - Responsibility to Protect - today. More info here: 
Now: UN_PGA event in NYC "From Commitment to Implementation: 10 Years of  See: 
Continues Friday in NYC: UNDESA mtg on intl  Info here:   
News: Meningitis A nearly eliminated in Africa through vaccination - WHOAFRO  
1 year after Abdijan Declaration on statelessness,  celebrates progress in W Africa 
"Stigma amp; discrimination fragment people amp; societies" - MichelSidibe on  
Do you have an idea for tech innovation? Last day to apply for UNICEFinnovate funding 
Ban Ki-moon calls on leaders to ensure no child misses school  WHSummit 
Humanitarian and ceasefire tracks for Syria "moving in the right direction"  UN envoy 
WHO says shared goal should be for all govts to fully finance national immunization programs   
The future of wildlife is  New UNODC  video:  
Messenger of Peace Stevie Wonder on the  green carpet via Connect4Climate 
See more of what YOU can do for  during this "Year of Living Sustainably" 
Current WHO breastfeeding recommendations remain valid in the current context of Zika  
News: UNCERF provides $21 mil to assist ppl affected by conflict in  
Patience not a virtue" says new UN_HRC Council president in UN_Radio interview  
UNHumanRights says police agreement by 5 European countries worsens crisis, w/ very negative  impact 
Starts today in NYC: UNDESA mtg on intl  Info here:   
Ban Ki-moon's  trip continues in  today, shining spotlight on ppl suffering from crises. 
In DRC, Ban Ki-moon spotlights  campaign via UNICEFDRC  
UN_Radio reports on UN_ECE-inspired lightweight helmet that aims to cut traffic deaths 
Staggering bureaucratic obstacles costing lives in Syria - UN_Radio reporting is here: 
Ban Ki-moon discussed UNPeacekeeping,  Summit + more in DR Congo, see: 
  UNDP is helping lead the fight against poverty amp; inequality, see:  
 sea movements have a fatality rate 3x times higher than Mediterranean - refugees 
IAEAorg is helping Brazil step up the fight against  mosquitoes. See how here: 
More from Ban Ki-moon's  trip this wk thanks to gettyreportage amp; gcwingman 
Leaders from +136 countries were at today's  Anniversary event. More info: via UNDP 
"Everyone is losing" in the Syrian conflict, UNReliefChief tells Security Council 
More photos from Ban Ki-moon's "Mission for Humanity" trip are here:  
Now is the time to reach every child with life-saving vaccines WHO    
Now in NYC: world leaders to join  to map future of  Watch live: 
Smugglers are culpable for virtually all  deaths - latest refugees report: 
From the  to the  explore UNDP impact over the years leading to  
Fiji receives relief supplies in wake of  as UN backs up govt response 
More is needed for children in crises - see what is planned for WHsummit  
UNDP is celebrating 50 yrs of working to build peace amp; equality for ppl amp; planet  
Did you miss Ban Ki-moon's "Mission for Humanity" to Burundi? See this WHSummit Storify recap:  
The UN amp;  at  It's true! davidnabarro on ensuring no one is left behind 
Ban Ki-moon shines spotlight on ppl suffering from crises ahead of  summit 
Fiji: Latest UNOCHA Tropical Cyclone Winston situation report is here:  
It's not only meetings when you're Secretary-General -- Ban Ki-moon did a few capoeira moves w/ youth in DRC today! 
Displaced ppl need to be given opportunity to rebuild their lives amp; thrive.  
Afghanistan: UN calls for respect of protected status of medical facilities and personnel 
"We must shift from a focus on crisis response to a culture of early action"  
Uganda: UNHumanRights is concerned by the tense post-electoral situation, with reports of at least 2 people killed 
Ban Ki-moon visiting an IDP camp, meeting w/ former child soldiers + more in Democratic Rep of Congo  
Ready to act at a moments notice: UN_DPA's Standby  Team helping peace talks in the gravest crises. 
This is what January looked like for Palestine refugees in Syria - more unrwa info is here: 
Want tips on what YOU can do for  Follow GlobalGoalsUN amp; find out more here: 
FAONews focuses on sustainability of fastest-growing food sector: fish  
Ban Ki-moon arrived in Burundi on Monday to support of efforts to resolve political crisis 
Ban Ki-moon welcomes agreement by International Syria Support Group on nationwide cessation of hostilities in  
See new UNHumanRights website on  that have shaped intl  during past 50 years  
36 of ppl crossing Mediterranean are children - stmnt from Refugees, UNICEF amp; IOM_News 
RT to help WHO dispel rumours around Zika amp; microcephaly. All the facts about  are here: 
Fiji: UNOCHA update on severe tropical Cyclone Winston is online here:  
Together we can reach  Download WFP  app amp; be part of solution: 
Monday's event in DC will feature ZainabHawa, head of UN endrapeinwar office: 
Almost 5 years on, Syria is a country destroyed with civilians paying the biggest price. New  report 
New refugees video from Homs: Syrian returnees face challenge of rebuilding their homes from the rubble: 
peter_obiefule Great photos! Thanks for sharing and for taking part. 
sfcsapply Great photos! Thanks for sharing! 
Our UNDP colleagues amp; HelenClarkUNDP are celebrating  this week! All info here: 
Continues this week in UNGeneva: Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women  
Starts this week in UNGeneva: Committee on Economic, Social amp; Cultural Rights 
This week in UN_Vienna: IAEAorg conference on   
Ban Ki-moon commends peaceful holding of elections in the Central African Republic 
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
"Our task is not over" - Ban Ki-moon calls for action ahead of  ceremony 
UNPeacekeeping implements policies to make missions environmentally friendly, see: 
There is no military solution to the Syrian conflict - Jan Eliasson met w/ refugee families in Turkey this weekend 
Call for applications for 2016 SEED_SustDev Awards is open! Apply:  UNEP 
What do 7 billion people do?  1.4 billion work in agriculture - FAOstatistics 
New:  1st comprehensive search amp; viewing platform for unpublications content 
 - GEMReport shows learning gaps depending on language of assessment 
IAEAorg to assist  amp; the Caribbean in early detection of  virus with nuclear-derived tools 
If you don't understand, how can you learn? GEMReport on  via UNESCO 
Deputy Secretary-General Jan Eliasson met with families at Nizip refugee camp outside Gaziantep in Turkey. 
Sunday is Intl  which promotes preservation amp; protection of all languages 
See how unhabitatyouth uses  to engage youth in urban design: via UN4Youth 
40 do not access education in a language they understand -  GEMReport 
Women leaders w/disabilities know what they need in humanitarian crises via UN_Women 
It's  UNESCO calls for quality education + more  
In Myanmar, UNHumanRights is training police to protect  More training programs to come: 
Find out what UNICEF is doing to keep children safe online:  
What happened this wk at the UN? Yemen food deliveries, Ukrainian children in crisis amp; the passing of Boutros-Ghali 
Give kids a head start: Teach in a language they understand!  UNESCO 
Working together we carry out the  amp; work for  for all ElyxYak 
What are the targets for each of the 17  See UNEP's new  site:  
Access to  will mitigate the potential impact of  - UNFPA 
"We must work together to ensure that no one is left behind" - GuyRyder  day 
Impossible isnt a fact; its an attitude - Cfigueres at  this wk  
Raise your voice for  Send the message that the future of wildlife is  
Saving livelihoods saves lives - FAOemergencies explain how here: 
World Day of  promotes solidarity, harmony amp; equality  
Never look back: UNICEF on how former child soldiers craft new lives  
People must be empowered in order to eradicate poverty amp; to create  for all 
Video: WFP gets creative to bust a nutrition myth. Watch here:   
In 1919, ILO was founded on belief that  is key to worldwide peace ILOPubs 
Applications are open for the 2016 Momentum_UNFCCC Awards. Apply online now: 
New WHO Situation Report on  microcephaly amp;  syndrome is online: 
News: UNFCCC chief CFigueres will step down in July. Statement is here: 
 are "blueprints for a better world" - Ban Ki-moon on  Day 
Be part of the call for compassion, tolerance amp; peace -  movement: 
After Ebola outbreak in Guinea, UNOPS WorldBank strengthen health sector amp; improve conditions for health workers 
UNPOL has more than 1,300 female blue berets - Journeyofa1000 film shown at UN this wk: 
DanMac2014 Fraud alert information is posted here: You may wish to forward emails to ocialmediaun.org. 
ACUNStweets Nice photo! Thanks for sharing. 
Watch scientists get down to the nanogram to make sure nuclear materials are not used to build weapons. via iaeaorg 
 - UNAUK event w/ Ban Ki-moon - photos, videos, speeches amp; more:  
Friday: More than 800 unausa members will be at the UN for  Find out more: 
Powering local economy can ensure future of Virunga Natl Park - ASteiner this week 
Be part of  in Azerbaijan! Apply now. Info here: via UNAOC 
To reach 0 new  infections amp; 0  deaths, we need  
Apply to UNVolunteers talent pool for programme officers! Info here  Deadline 29/FEB 
UNHumanRights video on Special Rapporteurs - independent experts who rpt on violations amp; advocate for protection 
Conflict, hunger, slavery, poverty are intermingled amp; that makes lives of millions miserable - k_satyarthi to ILO 
Boutros-Ghali broke barriers amp; new ground - UN_Radio covers Friday's  tribute 
WMOnews update: Exceptionally strong  has passed its peak, but impacts continue on temps, drought, etc 
ChristiesInc auction of watch worn by Daniel Craig in 007 raises funds for UNMAS. Info: 
Why is it important to have women peacekeepers? UNPeacekeeping explains why here: 
Memory of former Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali honoured at the UN, see more: 
Tune in: WHSummit City Haven discussion on urban displacement amp; refugees:  
See more from Boutros Boutros-Ghali's tenure as Secretary-General in UN_Photo gallery: 
Now in NYC:  tribute to memory of 6th Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali. Watch: 
31 trucks delivered food to ppl of Moadamiyeh, Syria for 1st time in 19 months - WFP 
Conflicts now even more dangerous - UNMAS chief this week at  mtg in UNGeneva via UN_Radio 
 - historic UN video of Ralph Bunche, Nobel Peace winner for work to bring peace amp; stability to Middle East  
New this week: UNOCHA  Plan 2016   
1 Stop Youth Centre launched by UNHABITAT in Somalia - harnessing full potential of youth 
82 of population in Yemen need some kind of humanitarian assistance via Refugees 
After a disaster, UNDP  creates jobs amp; helps communities rebuild lives  
Apply for UNHumanRights Indigenous Fellowship Program to advance rights of indigenous ppl globally. Feb 25 deadline 
"Our task is not over" - Ban Ki-moon calls for action ahead of  ceremony 
1 in 8 ppl living w/  report having been denied health care.  
Syrian refugees can now buy food in the blink of an eye using Iris Scan Technology - WFP 
Have questions on the  See FAQs here:   
Global increase in health consequences from  60 million ppl at risk - WFP 
Here is the WHO Global Emergency Response Plan for  microcephaly amp; other neurological syndromes 
Listen: 1st ep of FAOnews  podcast focuses on Yemen, South Sudan + Sahel: 
Watch today's  in NYC here: 
From the ground up: WHOAFRO on rebuilding health systems in  after Ebola 
Wednesday in Vancouver: CFigueres to give  talk on  
 is live now! Read amp; share unpublications content online, see: OECD_Pubs 
Just one way UNEP is making a difference - embracing new sources of energy in Nairobi: 
Join ifadnews for  focus on inclusive investment amp; the new   
Abused migrant workers who sought help from ilo progs awarded gt;$2 million in compensation 
Boutros Boutros-Ghali piloted the UN through tumultuous early 1990s. Look back here: 
Everyone has the right to live w/ respect amp; dignity. Stand up for  
What would make the UN stronger? See what Boutros Boutros-Ghali said just last year: 
WFP takes a look how tech can help rebalance food systems to help world reach  
18 Feb: WHSummit City Haven Discussion - Get tickets or watch live online:  
Look back at Boutros Boutros-Ghali's tenure as Secretary-General in this UN_Photo gallery: 
UNReliefChief O'Brien spotlights need to end human catastrophe in Yemen 
Now in NYC: UNECOSOC briefing on  w/ WHO. Info: Watch: 
Stand up for  - info from UNAIDS is here: 
UN community mourns late Sec-Gen Boutros-Ghali - memorable leader who rendered invaluable svcs to peace amp; intl order 
UNHumanRights office is deeply concerned by China clampdown on lawyers amp; activists 
Africa telecom infrastructure at a glance - new ITU blog post 
Starts Tuesday in UNGeneva: Mtg of Mine Action National Programme Directors amp; UNMAS Advisers  
Increasing acts of violence against refugees across Europe jeopardizes their safety 
The effects of  in Haiti, Papua New Guinea amp; Ethiopia - new WFP video 
Now: GustavoDudamel amp; Simn Bolvar Symphony Orch. See venezuela_un amp;  
Follow UNAIDS for updates between now and 1 March.  
Taking antibiotics when you dont need them can prevent them working when you DO need them 
UN_CAR UNPeacekeeping mission supported security for voters in  during elections yesterday. 
You can help. Here's how: 
Watch live here: 
 is very concerned by restrictive measures in Europe keeping refugees amp; migrants out 
This week in Costa Rica:  Intl mtg to protect the world's sharks  
This week in Nairobi: Open-Ended CPR at UNEP - significant milestone in the lead-up to  
Starts this week in UNGeneva: Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women  
Starts Monday in Rome: Intl Symposium on  FAOnews explains what it is all about:  
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
This wk's WHSummit rpt places humanity at centre of global decision making  
Marriage looks very different to a child bride. RT to join call for an end child marriage. Say  via UNFPA 
Behind the scenes - Jan Eliasson w/ KofiAnnan at Munich Security Conf. Remarks:  
Many reasons to think of small farmers on  - 5 from IFADnews  
Be a voice for the invisible amp; voiceless - publicspherewb explains how amp; why: 
Rise to the challenges to shape a common future, Ban Ki-moon told McGillU students this wk 
Afghanistan:  of civilian casualties in 2015 are highest recorded UNAMAnews UNHumanRights 
Child marriage forces girls out of school amp; into domestic servitude. This  RT to say  UNFPA 
Qamp;A w/ ForestWhitaker about his support for  campaign amp; work w/children impacted by violence 
Having chocolate on  IFADnews on importance of investing in small farmers 
Ban Ki-moon calls for peaceful amp; credible elections in Central African Republic 
80K+ refugees + migrants arrived in Europe by boat during 1st 6 weeks of 2016 via Refugees 
Hottest year on record, preps for WHSummit amp; 1st  - video look back at the week: 
Girls under 15 are 5 times more likely to die during childbirth than women ages 2024.  - say  
On  weekend, IFADnews shares 5 reasons why  
More info on the work of the UNYouthEnvoy amp; his team is here: 
This  RT to say  to child marriage amp; help UNFPA stop to 37,000 marriages happening every day! 
It's  but you can listen to UN_Radio online all year. Find out how here: 
IAEAorg to assist  amp; the Caribbean in early detection of  virus with nuclear-derived tools 
It's  but you can listen to UN_Radio online all year. Find out how here: 
Preventing violent extremism, caring for its victims: UN_DPA's in-depth look at extremist amp; terrorist violence 
 Radio is often the 1st medium for survival.  via UNESCO 
Latest WHO Situation Report on  microcephaly amp; other neurological syndrome 
As we start carrying out the  Ban Ki-moon cites role of radio in human progress.  
From IFADnews for  top 5 reasons why   
 UNESCO show how radio stations in Cameroon work to prevent conflicts 
Latest: UN-backed task force seeks aid access to besieged areas in Syria without delay 
On  Radio_ONU Chief explains how  
 Saoirse Ronan visited the UN this wk amp; spoke about migration  
Freedom of expression amp; journalists safety should be disaster-proof - it's  
Liberia: Ban Ki-moon pays tribute to 1st ever all-female Indian UNPeacekeeping Unit 
 - UN_Radio is celebrating 70 yrs of service! See historic UN_Photo images: 
"Give young people the voice they deserve" - Ban Ki-moon at McGillU on Friday:  
Saturday: Listen to an exclusive broadcast for  -  UNESCO 
Questions about Zika? See WHO info for travelers visiting  countries 
Ban Ki-moon is at McGillU in Canada right now. Watch live here:  
  UNRadioArabic UNRadioChinese UN_Radio ONUradio UNRadioRU Radio_ONU RadioONU RedioYaUM 
Does your country take part in UNPeacekeeping? See all data amp; statistics here: 
Mali: UN_MINUSMA chief outraged by attack against base that killed three peacekeepers 
You can help, too! Here's how: 
Ban Ki-moon applauds Canada's commitment to resettle 25,000 Syrian refugees 
Friday: Last day to apply for WHSummit side events, expo amp; Innovation hub:  
News: UN deplores twin suicide bomb attack on camp for displaced persons in northeast Nigeria 
"Victims of terrorism can count on solidarity of UN," UN_DPA chief at  conference 
Jan Eliasson attended  meeting in Munich this wk. Final group stmt is online here: 
Here's a snapshot of UN_Radio over the years. 13 Feb is  It's also the day when UN Radio turns 70. 
You've suffered enough. UN is working to help you-Ban Ki-moon to refugee families in Canada 
New report outlines human cost of the hottest year on record  via unisdr CREDUCL 
 screens at UN tonight  see globalgoalsUN,  amp; (8:30pm NYC) 
 - UN_CITO explains how technologists can come work for global good 
See more live updates from the UNYouthEnvoy in Canada on snapchat! Follow "ahmadalhendawi" there. 
Tonight in NYC: Colm Toibin to join Saoirse Ronan to screen  Follow GlobalGoalsUN amp;  
UNHumanRights chief condemns the worsening, grotesque situation of  in Aleppo amp; other parts of Syria 
Ahead of  you can go live into the UN_Radio studios - check out "united-nations" on Snapchat! 
Just 28 of researchers are women. On  explore the data from UNESCO 
Starts now in NYC: UN Conference to  Watch live here: 
Tune in now! Hear from scientists, peacemakers amp; innovators transforming lives  
Cross-border convoys bring critical food to ppl displaced by recent surge in violence - WFP 
Science amp; gender equality are both vital for achieving   
 to 1946 when 1st UN budget was 19 million dollars - 70 yrs on, see new  video 
Behind the scenes: UNGeneva is ready for  on Thursday! See all details here: 
Central African Republic: UN report urges steps to end impunity for rights abuses  
On  see this ITU staff blog post on promoting  
Thurs at UNGeneva:  11 individuals making a global impact 11 stories to share 
Thursday! Follow UN_Spokesperson for updates on this amp; more events in Canada. 
WHO is not recommending travel restrictions related to  
Thursday is 1st-ever  - get all the details here: via GlobalGoalsUN 
The need keeps on growing amp; funds are harder to find - CGRuizMassieu on  
 mtg is told: "A dollar given to the UN is a dollar well spent" - CGRuizMassieu 
SusanaMalcorra reflects on her time at the UN + role of  to build consensus 
Ban Ki-moon congratulates ACABQ members for their commitment to UN.  mtg continues: 
Watch now:  marks 70th anniv of Advisory Cmte on Admin amp; Budgetary Qs.  
Jan Eliasson says  can serve as catalyst amp; driver for  
See more WHO Qamp;As on women,  amp; possible association with microcephaly here: 
A WFP convoy carrying urgently needed food reaches Syrians fleeing violence in Aleppo:  
Today in NYC:  marks 70th anniv of Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions. See  amp; 
Thursday: UN Conference to  Find out more here: 
 FAOnews is ready to contribute to international efforts - GrazianoDaSilva 
"The intl community wants 2 welcome  back into its fold" - UNHumanRights chief via UNSriLanka 
"Unity amp; action" needed to counter expanding threat from ISIL, UN_DPA chief tells Security Council 
Close gap btwn the world that is amp; the world that should be - Ban Ki-moon  
13 February is  Follow UN_Radio's coverage:  
Discover the SMART rules for Child  - ITU  
See OCHA_Syria flash update on the humanitarian developments in Aleppo  
After 30 years of conflict,  still in early stages of renewal  UNHumanRights rights chief 
Ban Ki-moon welcomes ICAO proposals for 1st binding limits on emissions from aviation industry  
Launched on Tuesday: "Agenda for Humanity" ahead of WHSummit, see: 
 - share ITU Child  guides on Safeter Internet Day!  
Rise in hunger at harvest time - harsh amp; prolonged 2016 lean season approaching  
At WHSummit Ban Ki-moon wants leaders to deliver on 5 core responsibilities  
Now: Ban Ki-moon launches his "Agenda for Humanity" ahead of WHSummit, see:  
UN aviation body icao reports progress on aircraft emissions standards, see: 
Don't miss the 12 Feb deadline! Apply to be part of WHS in Istanbul:  
 UN agencies warn of escalating food crisis. 25 of the pop. is food insecure 
 MofaJapan_en amp; WFP_WAfrica efforts = healthy kids as moms return to clinics 
Somalia continues to face large-scale  compounded by poor rainfall amp; drought - FAOnews 
A new call centre bridges gap between Yemenis in need + humanitarian community v Refugees 
Tuesday: Ban Ki-moon to launch "Agenda for Humanity" rpt for WHSummit  
Poster design contest for  Info from CITES here:  
Now online:  report on deaths in the Syrian Arab Republic - UN_HRC 
UNDP is celebrating 5 decades of our work w/ youth + more here:   
This wk in NYC: UNDESA  mtg on people-centred, inclusive amp; integrated  
UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria releases new report at UNGeneva 1pm GMT Live:  
Meeting this week in Rabat: UNHumanRights Working Group on Enforced and Involuntary Disappearances 
This week in Athens:  event celebrating 40yrs of cooperation for a healthy Mediterranean UNEP 
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
Upholding womens rights to sexual/reproductive health services vi tal foreffective Zika response - UNHumanRights 
You're invited to join  community - ITU  
New UNICEFInnovate Fund is looking for great tech ideas to fund. Submit here:  
UN agencies mobilize to support Govt response after Benin confirms cases of Lassa fever 
Watch press stakeouts now: UN_DPA chief Jeffrey Feltman to brief Security Council on  
People everywhere are learning about the  - photo from UNSierraLeone 
Ban Ki-moon received an honorary degree from Cambridge_Uni this week. See what he said: 
Good news this week from WHO - Progress on  eradication since 1986 
Prized birds offer Syrian refugees in Lebanon a reminder of their old lives 
Malaria claims 438,000 lives per year worldwide - UNITAID explains how that can change 
UN_Radio talked to young representatives at this wk's UNECOSOC  Forum. Listen: 
New UNODC report shows results of its Sahel programme vs crime, terrorism 
What happened this week at the UN? See video updates on Zika virus, funds raised for Syria amp; Intl Day to  
Do you know the next refugees  winner? Nominations close Feb 8 
Changing hearts amp; minds over  rights, through power of stamps - UN_Radio explains 
Work to  must also address needs of women amp; girls who suffer from its consequences 
5 facts on the  and its impact on health from WHO  
The  contain a specific target to  More info here: via UNFPA 
 poses huge development risks. UNDP stands ready to support WHO in response: 
Every girl deserves to grow up free of violence amp; discrimination.  
How can you  One way is donating to the Syria emergency fund: via UNOCHA 
"I wish you health, happiness amp; success in the Year of the Monkey" - Ban Ki-moon on Lunar New Year -  
3 of out 4 Syrians live in poverty - WFP shares their stories:  
FGM is a  violation, damaging the lives of millions of women amp; girls.  
UNHCR calls for emergency reception places for unaccompanied amp; separated children in France 
Important work: UNFPA, jointly w/ UNICEF, leads the largest global programme to  
 Network launched to promote sustainability practices in Kenya higher education institutions via UNEP 
RT to spread the good news --gt; "We can  within a generation" - msg from Ban Ki-moon 
Look back at this week's UNECOSOC  Youth Forum on the  here:  
Let's  amp; make the  a reality by 2030 - UNFPA info: 
UNHumanRights on  govts must make avail contraception, healthcare amp; safe abortion svcs to full extent of law 
Saturday is  Day. FGM is a violation of the human rights of girls amp; women. 
Today's WHO report on  microcephaly amp; other neurological syndrome 
News this wk from FAOnews:  down 16 vs prev yr, lowest level since Apr 2009. Mixed prospects for 2016: 
"2016 is the year of migration amp; multilateralism. And if it isnt, it should be" - PDSutherlandUN 
105 journalists were killed last yr.  for crimes agnst journalists  
Good news from Mali this wk: 900-yr-old ceremony re-consecrated mausoleums. See more: 
News: unstamps is 1st postal service to launch collection for  equality - free_equal 
It's Interfaith Harmony Week! See how UNAOC promotes mutual respect among peoples all year long 
Ban Ki-moon is talking about his 10 years leading the UN at a special UNAUK event in London. Follow  
Friday in Paris: UNESCO Conference on safety of media professionals 
70 years later, UNAUK hosts Ban Ki-moon for a special  event on Friday. Info: 
At  conf in London, Ban Ki-moon says ways must be found to protect civilians 
How do  help to  UNITAID amp; invectorcontrol answer this + more 
Behind-the-scenes: Ban Ki-moon recorded a special  msg. See it here: 
Now unveiled! New unstamps promoting  equality worldwide. Follow free_equal amp; See: 
Find out how you can help UNRWA here: 
 need gender equity. Ending  is a rights issue.  
See more abt Ralph Bunche amp; his UNPeacekeeping work here:  
Cancer is among leading causes of morbidity amp; mortality worldwide - WHO  
Leaders at  conf are using Instagram to call attn to the  see: 
 pledges will enable workers to reach millions of ppl w/ life-saving aid 
Let's end the injustice of preventable suffering - Ban Ki-moon   
 to last month in Liberia when President Sirleaf thanked Indian all-female UNPeacekeeping unit for its service 
Join the "talking hands" campaign on  -  all make a difference 
President Jim Yong Kim of the WorldBank delivers a powerful statement at the  Conference in London 
"There must be increased investment in building resilience of people amp; communities" HelenClarkUNDP  
Today's  conference in London focuses on both immediate amp; long-term needs. This video explains why. 
Ban Ki-moon: we need to lay foundation for long-term needs of ppl of Syria  
Watch now: UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon addresses  Conference. Webcast: 
Today:  conference in London. Follow SupportSyrians amp; see: 
On  find out how  prevent many cancers 
Donors amp; humanitarian agencies must prioritize Syrian women amp; girls - UNFPA  
See what UN_Women is doing to support the    
 - On  see how everyone can help reduce global burden of cancer 
Aid alone will not suffice" - read refugeeschiefs view head of  conf 
Thursday: Google Hangout on how  are changing the role of humanitarian innovation 
Huge differences btwn countries in availability of opioids for pain relief -  survey 
Syria Envoy de Mistura decides to bring  to a temporary pause amp; to reconvene in UNGeneva on 25 Feb 
 - WFP shares stories of Syrians ahead of  conference 
Malaria: UNITAID amp; invectorcontrol to expand the use of new anti-malarial insecticides 
Thursday:  conference in London. Follow SupportSyrians amp; see: 
Starts today in NYC: Disability issues + more at Commission for Social Dev session  
 - Its time to help farming families stay on their land - FAOemergencies 
Ban Ki-moon at Cambridge_Uni: I call for a strong show of solidarity at tomorrows  conference. 
 calls on countries to ensure worldwide medical access to narcotic drugs amp; psychotropic substances - UN_Vienna 
UNAIDS joins forces w/ the 1Mhealthworkers campaign to achieve  treatment target 
Follow tellingthereal to hear stories of journeys made by refugees amp; migrants to Europe 
UNEP's ibrahimthiaw calls for better protection of Africa's wildlife amp; natural resources: 
News: Syria Envoy de Mistura establishes Independent Womens Advisory Board to his Office   
UNRWA works w/ RightToPlayIntl to offer fun, constructive activities for children 
See how one womans nuclear medicine team is helping people in  via IAEAorg 
NobelPrize winner, architect amp; director of UNPeacekeeping + more - Ralphe Bunche  
"Women amp; civil society orgs can provide vital ideas amp; insight to the  - UN Envoy 
Majority of migrants amp; refugees in Europe now women amp; children - listen to UN_Radio report 
What's on the agenda for Security Council this month? See here: via venezuela_un UN_DPA 
Update from UNFPA on steps pregnant women should take to avoid exposure to  
 amp;  - this one makes its home near the "Arrival" sculpture in NYC 
GlobalYMCA Great photo! Thanks for sharing it! 
See new OCHA_Syria plan for people in Syria, refugees + host communities  
Youth are making  a reality! UNECOSOC Youth Forum continues Tues:  
New: UNICEFInnovate Fund to invest in promising tech start-ups  
Now: "Building a better tomorrow" panel. Ask Qs using  amp; watch live: 
OPCW Director-Gen on Syria: "Nearly 2 decades after CWC entered into force, the treaty is facing a major test" 
Interfaith Harmony Week is now - 1 way to promote tolerance is through music - DBarenboim explains how here 
Additional info on today's  amp; microecephaly announcement is here: via pahowho 
This message is for you! Watch the UNECOSOC  Forum "Dear world" video   
UN-brokered  officially start in UNGeneva w/ opposition meeting 
What share of scientists are women in your country? Latest data UNESCOstat is here: 
Have you seen our SnapChat updates? Follow "united-nations" for snaps from the  Forum. 
News: WHO Director-General calls  amp;  situation is a Public Health Emergency of Intl Concern 
Happening now in NYC: UNECOSOC Youth Forum. Raise your voice:   
What will YOU ask Ban Ki-moon at this week's  UNAUK event? Submit your Q here: 
Ban: "lasting agreement btwn Israel amp; Palestine will require difficult compromises by leaders amp; ppls on both sides" 
Continues this week in NYC: Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations. Info is here: 
Monday: Venezuela takes on rotating presidency of the UN Security Council for the month of February 
Monday: WHO to convene Emergency Committee on  in Geneva  
This week in UN_Vienna: International Narcotics Control Board  
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
With WFPErtharin, Ban Ki-moon moved by efforts to address drought in Ethiopia 
How to turn on the lights for a billion people? UNEP ED ASteiner weighs in 
Now online: final report by the WHO Commission on Ending Childhood Obesity 
Ban Ki-moon appoints 10-Member Group to support  Technology Facilitation Mechanism via UN_Spokesperson 
275 students make-up 1st class of globalnyc   
Ireland becomes hub for water quality monitoring excellence with opening of new UNEP-GEMS/Water Centre 
Have questions on  WHO answers them here.  
This week WHO published interim guidance on clinical care for Ebola survivors to help affected countries 
Update from India on a special globalgoalsun train ride for a better world  
Youth action for  is at heart of UNECOSOC forum. Info here:   
IAEAorg Director General discusses how nuclear tech helps  amp;  development  
Genetic diversity of livestock can help feed a hotter, harsher world - FAOnews 
What happened this week at the UN? See updates on  Syria amp; a global appeal for children in emergencies. 
GEMReport: When governments don't invest in textbooks, the burden falls on parents 
Do you know an unsung hero who helps refugees? Help find the next  winner: 
Nigerians speak out on breaking the chain of corruption - see this UNDPNigeria video: 
Recommendations by UNHumanRights experts to help the US improve the  situation of African Americans: 
The call for applications for the 2016 SEED_SustDev Awards is now open! Apply:  via UNEP 
New IAEAorg safety guide helps to ensure consumer products using radiation are safe for people amp; environment: 
In key step,  pledges new global action agnst disaster risk - UNISDR  
Countries need to invest in policies and programmes that support breastfeeding - WHO 
Great news: UNCERF releasing $100m for 9 silent and severely underfunded emergencies 
Bullets may stop terrorists, but only development, good governance amp; human rights prevent terrorism - Ban Ki-moon 
Landless women farmers receive land tenancy for 1st time in Pakistan - unwomenasia 
Next week! Watch LIVE amp; join UNECOSOC Youth Forum as a virtual participant w/  
News: 1st group of globalnyc Junior Ambassadors announced by NYCMayorsOffice  
A walking encyclopaedia of the UN - the UN mourns the loss of Jean Gazarian 
Perju1Sea You can track humanitarian aid online here: Thanks for your interest and support! 
Civil rights laws may be insufficient to overcome structural racism agnst African Americans - UNHumanRights experts 
UN-sponsored  begin; agencies amplify calls for access to besieged civilians 
UNHumanRights spokesperson on new allegations of sexual abuse of children in Central African Rep  
Increasing breastfeeding could save 800,000 children amp; USD 300 billion every year - WHO info 
Ban Ki-moon releases $100m from UNCERF to help 4.5m ppl affected by 9 underfunded crises 
Hear directly from top GlobalGoalsUN adviser in this new interview:  
A home away from home for Burundian refugees in Uganda - info from  via Refugees 
We can't achieve  w/o peace nor peace without women - UN_Women  
Special Envoy for Syria de Mistura's msg to women, men amp; children ahead of  
Your donations can help. Info from WFP is here: 
Humanitarian orgs amp; partners can be part of WHSummit in Istanbul! Apply now:  
Building a better tomorrow: New UNOCHA reports on data amp; humanitarian effectiveness 
"Rights up Front" strategy ever more vital to prevent genocide amp; abuse, says deputy UN chief Jan Eliasson 
WHO convenes emergency meeting to address spread of  virus 
See full message to the women, men amp; children of Syria, ahead of  here: 
eclac_un endorses declaration on  amp; hunger  via FAOnews 
Future of solar power shines even more brightly after  - UNFCCC 
Help end "siege and starvation as a weapon of war" - UNReliefChief urges Security Council  
On its 50th anniversary, UNDP Is looking towards the future. See new  timeline: 
Now underway in The Hague:  amp;  trial. Follow IntlCrimCourt amp; see: 
Thursday: WHO information session on Zika. Follow live webcast here:   
 Security Council renews sanctions, stresses urgent need to end impunity 
Storms in region are exacerbating the already poor humanitarian situation in Gaza - UNRWA 
Heroic acts of man that saved 669 children during Holocaust remembered - UN_Radio reports on  
500+ global investors mobilize action in wake of  GlobalGoalsUN  info:  
Besieged Syrians "believe world has forgotten them" - UNReliefChief to Security Council 
Vulnerable refugees + migrants are in need of protection + assistance.  strategy: 
Global investors must play full role in shifting world to clean energy - Ban Ki-moon 
 71y ago, Auschwitz was liberated.  Day via UNESCO 
Israelis amp; Palestinians have a profound stake in achieving peace  Ban Ki-moon on securing lasting peace 
Happening now in NYC: Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of Palestinian People. Watch live: 
On  Day, hear how surviving the Holocaust has shaped one New Yorker's life in this new video. 
17 of farm animal breeds at risk of extinction - new FAOnews  report: 
Now in NYC:  ceremony. Watch live amp; follow UNHOP 
Today in NYC:  to discuss  renewable energy + more 
Podcast: listen to GEMReport explain its report on how lack of textbooks holds back learning  
Let us create a world where dignity is respected, diversity is celebrated amp; peace is permanent  
Can't be at UNGeneva for TEDxPdNation? List of global  viewing parties 
Have you seen the WFP graphic novel on the humanitarian crisis in Iraq? Here's the story behind it: 
In Burundi, UN_Women is training women peace mediators to solve conflict at local level 
The Holocaust amp; Human Dignity is 2016  theme - UNHOP info: 
New UNTrustFundEVAW grantee supports survivors of violence frm marginalized communities in China: via unwomenasia 
Now underway in Kuwait:  to harness ICT to save lives. ITU info is here: 
PAHOWHO anticipates that Zika virus will continue to spread amp; likely reach all countries with Aedes mosquitoes 
Wednesday is Intl  Day - RT to spread the word + follow UNHOP 
As refugee flood into Europe continues, UN and partners seek $550 million for 2016 
Amid military confrontation in Darfur, limited progress ending conflict  UNPeacekeeping 
UN, humanitarian amp; development agencies appeal for $298 million in humanitarian aid for Syrian refugees in Iraq 
Ban Ki-moon spoke to UN Security Council on situation in the Middle East. Full remarks: 
Burundi: unrightswire mission to investigate situation has been delayed bc of lack of response from authorities 
 amp; partners seek half-a-billion dollars for Nigeria amp;  refugees 
We have a duty to remember the past - amp; to help those who need us now  
Have you met new  Advocates? More on this  panel is here: 
International aid organisations appeal for an end to the  Raise your voice: 
Video - UN Syria Envoy says Intra-Syrian Talks to start at UNGeneva on 29 January  
Goal of 1st-ever UN resolution resonates even now  a hibakushas story via UN_Disarmament 
Globally, at least 41 million children under 5 years old are obese or overweight - new WHO report on obesity 
"No preconditions before amp; throughout  - Special Envoy Staffan de Mistura 
News: Security Council approves mission to monitor peace deal between Colombia amp; FARC 
"Many women + girls travelling on their own are entirely exposed" - new report: v refugees 
2015 smashed temperature records -  impacts will fade soon, but climate change won't 
Harsh winter makes life even tougher for refugees from Lebanon to Europe: via Refugees 
Now online: final report by the WHO Commission on Ending Childhood Obesity 
IAEAorg radiological emergency exercise tests 53 countries capacity to respond 
You can watch live here + follow UNGeneva for  updates. 
Starts this week in NYC: Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations. Info is here: 
Starts this week in UNGeneva: Conference on Disarmament. Info: 
Continues this week in UNGeneva: UN_HRC Universal Periodic Reviews  
Continues this week in UNGeneva: Committee on the Rights of the Child  
30+ offices around the world are organizing UNHOP  events this wk 
This week in Indonesia: UNFPA International Conference on Family Planning  
 causes suffering for millions of civilians. Join the call for action now 
Nominations for UN4Indigenous Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues due by 1 Feb v unngls 
New UN_DPA interactive map on special political missions is now online. See it here: 
UN_Women's new Empower_Women platform is working to foster a new empowered generation 
What's happening this week at the UN? List of events is here: + preview video: 
Women who have access to family planning will use it! More info about UNFPA at  
This week Ericsson CEO HansV_Ericsson receivesd WFP Hunger Hero award 
The UN is an economic engine for NYC - globalnyc's PAbeywardena explains how amp; why here: 
Important steps can be taken to prevent and reduce the health effects of  - WHO 
Join intl amp; aid orgs in an appeal to help end the  Spread the word: 
New RefugeesChief was in Damascus on this week - listen to UN_Radio coverage: 
 are 1st chefs to be UNDP Goodwill Ambassadors for   
FAOnews challenge badge aims to help educate youth about  via UN4Youth 
UNRWA video: 4.2 million people registered as refugees in neighboring countries; 6.5 million internally displaced 
A snapshot look at IAEAorg's verification amp; monitoring in Iran for ensuring peaceful uses of all nuclear material. 
Ecosystem-based farming comes of age - faonews  report on sustainable cereals 
1 in 3 households worldwide rely on wood fuel for cooking FAOKnowledge info here: 
 take the roads for  in Pakistan - unwomenasia explains: 
Despite destruction, cultural treasures can rise again: UNESCO talks to UN_Radio UNIraq 
13 facts about the UN_HRC Human Rights Council Universal Periodic Review  
What happened this week at the UN? Video updates on  rising unemployment amp; children facing winter weather. 
FAOnews calls on donors to support Syrian farmers   
 are crucial to driving change. Let yours be heard in the UNEP Youth Survey! 
This week OCHASouthSudan launched the  Humanitarian Response Plan for 2016 
See how scientists can use a tiny speck of uranium to understand whats happening at a nuclear facility - IAEAorg 
New from WFP: half of the population in Central African Rep faces hunger 
Check out brand-new  Gender Parity Report w/ internal data from 10 top companies 
How do aid workers reach remote locations? See these WFP Humanitarian Air Service photos: 
This week Ban Ki-moon announced members of High-Level Advisory Group for Every Woman Every Child UnfEWEC 
What's the outlook for unemployment in your country? See new ILO interactive chart: 
13.5 million people in Syria need assistance - lives amp; futures are in jeopardy 
What's the effect of poverty on girls' education? Infographic from UN_Women:  
New UNDP "pambassadors" are raising awareness for the  Help name them!  
Best protection from  is preventing mosquito bites - pahowho   
 threatens at least 60 million people in high-risk developing countries - WHO 
Digital divide update: Global partners join forces at Davos to connect the unconnected by 2020 UNBBCom  v ITU 
Inaugural  parity report is now available online, see: via HeforShe 
During this freezing winter, weather experts forecast what Refugees need to be ready for 
Pakistan should halt forced evictions amp; demolitions for new metro line in Lahore, UNRightsWire experts say 
Considering the economic impact of the United Nations on New York City, its a pretty good bargain, too - globalnyc 
Friday: UNECOSOC celebrates 70 years of making a difference. See this new  video: 
In the name of our shared humanity, aid orgs call for immediate action to end  
 Champions are committed to making gender equality an institutional priority: 
Huge diff. in women's life expectancy in high/low income countries UN_Women  
Now - EmWatson amp;  IMPACT Champions launch  at the  Webcast: 
Cyprus: Ban Ki-moon held 1st joint meeting w/ Greek Cypriot amp; Turkish Cypriot leaders 
Resolving conflicts key to stemming global displacement, says new refugeeschief 
Push for gender equality at Davos amp; beyond - Friday HeforShe event at   
Ban Ki-moon lays out his ideas on new climate amp; development imperative at   
UN_Women on barriers women face that restrict their economic potential  
Updated WHO Fact Sheet on the  is here:   via pahowho 
70 years ago on Friday: 1st mtg of UNECOSOC! See all  details here: 
Ban Ki-moon fully supports appeal by humanitarians for an immediate end  
The UN is an economic engine for NYC - globalnyc's PAbeywardena explains how amp; why here: 
 calls on donors for extra support for newly displaced people in Niger 
UN to tackle poverty, inequality with help from new  advocacy group. Full list: 
In Syria, undpsyria is working to  by creating jobs that tackle hunger: 
Debate and analysis on humanitarian aid at  with UNReliefChief. Watch:  
As the  approaches 6th year, the suffering deepens. RT to call for its end. 
Call for Action on Water! UN and WorldBank launch High Level Panel on Water at  
New panel makes recommendations to  economically amp; implement  
UN4Indigenous mtg discusses ways to preserve indigenous languages  
Despite falling unemployment in some developed economies, no end in sight for global jobs crisis - ILO  
Thurs at  janinedigi moderates OpenForumDavos panel w/ Ban Ki-moon amp;  Advocates 
60 seconds for Syria. Watch amp; share this video to speak out to help end  
5 countries w/ largest share of world's extreme poor v UN_Women   
Business must play its part in achieving   Ban Ki-moon to WEF GlobalCompact 
Resolving conflicts key to stemming global displacement - interview w/ new refugeeschief 
Ban Ki-moon took Qs on  + more live over on facebook in Davos. See his answers --gt; 
Ban Ki-moon welcomes decision by Colombian Gov. amp; FARC to request establishment of a political mission in Colombia 
Recovery in foreign direct investment is unexpectedly strong - more from UNCTAD here: 
globalcompact explains how business can get started on the   
Jan Eliasson briefed the Security Council this week on the protection of civilians, see: 
Live now: Ban Ki-moon is taking Qs on WEF + more in Davos on facebook. See--gt;  
POPinDC Great photos! Thanks for sharing. 
nuthinfunnytsay You're welcome to read the full report here: 
This wk: UN4Indigenous mtg on ways to preserve indigenous languages  
Global unemployment expected to reach 200 million in 2017, says new ILO report:  
98 of stillbirths take place in low amp; middle income countries  via WHO 
We're working with partners to support vulnerable newly displaced, in  + neighbours 
France: UNrightswire says state of emergency amp; digital surveillance law excessively restrict fundamental freedoms 
Meeting the  amp; ZeroHunger Challenge to be discussed at wef in Davos  
New graphic novel highlights WFP's humanitarians and the people they strive to help, see: 
Moment we don't support human rights we see it rolling back  UNRightsWire Chief Zeid 
Syria: UNRightsWire expert warns against deliberate starvation of civilians  400,000 ppl at risk in 15 locations 
Promising technology can help countries better manage small volumes of low level radioactive waste via IAEAorg 
Iraq: UNrightsWire says ISIL continues to commit systematic amp; widespread rights abuses 
Uniting to Prevent  See Ban Ki-Moon's new op-ed   
New: GEMReport shows how centralizing the textbook market will reduce costs  
Long-term funding crucial to monitoring nuclear agreement with Iran, iaeaorg chief warns 
minesjon Thanks! The site has been updated. 
Advocates appointed to build support for Sustainable Development Goals  
Iraqi refugees deserve respect amp; compassion - UNrightswire report on civilian death toll 
"Sharply deteriorating conditions" in besieged areas of Syria, UN aid agencies report 
In addition to  climate will be on agenda at Davos 2016   
 with Palestine refugees in Jordan - help UNRWA here: 
See how UNDPNepal support to reconstruct damaged irrigation canal helped quake survivors. 
The new, ambitious  require new, ambitious ways of working - UNDP 
Does the UNLibrary digitize UN documents? Yes it does! Info here: 
Teach a person to run a fishing business amp; they'll create jobs for a whole community - ILO 
Have you seen 2016 Calendar of Holocaust Remembrance Events? All UNHOP info is here: 
Starts today in UNGeneva: UN_HRC to hold 1st Universal Periodic Reviews of 2016  
Sustainable energy will not only help to safeguard future of planet but it will save lives 
Continues Monday in UNGeneva: Committee on the Rights of the Child  
Martin Luther King Jr, the Beatles, development, peace amp; security - this PublicSphereWB post links them together: 
1,200 organizations joined the Paris Pledge for Action! What about you?  
What's ahead in 2016? Nominations for the next Secretary-General. See info on process here: 
In Africa, women are 50 less likely to use the internet than men.   
Explore UNMAS humanitarian mine action programmes here: 
Six years since devastating Haiti earthquake, WFP is building resilience. See how: 
Have Qs on  See pahowho Frequently Asked Questions    
9 experts share solutions to close widening humanitarian financing gap:  
Call for nominations: UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize for Promotion of Tolerance amp; Non-Violence 
There is NO safe level of exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke via WHO_Europe  
iaeaorg says this new tech will play important role in monitoring uranium enrichment in Iran:  
When ILO talks about tackling child labour, this is what it means: 
Sunday: launch of new report on closing the humanitarian financing gap:  
Go behind the scenes at a child friendly school in Baghdad in this UNICEFiraq video via UNIraq 
Ban Ki-moon welcomes release of Americans and Iranians, commends recent moves by Iran and US to improve ties 
Want to stay up-to-date on the latest from UNYouthEnvoy? See this new tumblr account: 
Ban Ki-moon says  is significant milestone, reflects good faith efforts by all 
Progress made on  issues but still more to be done. UN_Radio intv on free_equal 
A new  Decade exhibit opened this week in NYC. See why here: 
 is an acute viral haemorrhagic illness. Facts on  from WHO are here: 
Most intl migrants are of working age. In 2015, 72 were between ages 20-64.  
Innovation: gavi amp; UNDP_India will roll out  a vaccine app in India: 
Last day to apply to the UNAOC Youth Event in Baku. Info:  
New  plan outlines 70+ recommendations to address drivers of violent extremism 
Calling for young innovators w/ ideas to help refugees - ITU  ends next week 
 calls for urgent regional coordination to aid refugees fleeing Central America 
Ban Ki-moon calls for new global partnership to confront violent extremism.  
 calls for urgent regional coordination to aid refugees fleeing Central America 
Team of  authorities, WHO amp; partners is investigating origin of new Ebola case 
Ban Ki-moon calls for new global partnership to confront violent extremism.  plan 
"The threat of violent extremism is not limited to any one religion, nationality or ethnic group."  
Happening now: Ban Ki-moon presents his Plan of Action to  Info: Watch:  
Alarming: New pattern of rape in Burundi amp; Sharp increase in enforced disappearances amp; torture - UNRightsWire 
Terrorism remains major threat in West Africa despite electoral progress  UN_UNOWA 
New Ebola case confirmed by  govt spokesperson reflects ongoing risk of new infections in West Africa 
Starvation as a weapon is a war crime, Ban Ki-moon warns parties to conflict in Syria 
This week Education Envoy Gordon Brown announced $250million has been secured for Syrian refugee education 
Ban Ki-moon condemns attacks in Jakarta; says absolutely no justification for terrorism 
Let us unite to make life better for we the peoples - Ban Ki-moon to  
Fri: Ban Ki-moon to present Plan of Action to  calls on leaders to unite against violent extremism  
All known chains of Ebola transmission in West Africa stopped, but flare-ups expected. The job is not over - WHO 
Watch now: Ban Ki-moon to brief  on his priorities for 2016. Follow UN_Spokesperson amp; see: 
FatimahJaffery It is just for individuals. Thanks for checking! 
View from Burundi - PNUDBurundi explains its work to prevent the crisis from going deeper 
New Refugees agency chief tells UN_Radio that innovation indispensable to address crises 
Election in Cte dIvoire opportunity to start new chapter, envoy tells Security Council 
Nigeria: UNRightsWire experts to assess rehabilitation amp; reintegration of women amp; children freed from Boko Haram 
"Let us make the 2030 Agenda a living amp; lasting Declaration of Interdependence for the 21st century" - Jan Eliasson 
 Prevention involves reducing mosquito populations amp; avoiding bites - PAHOWHO 
Ban Ki-moon condemns suicide bombing in Pakistan, reportedly killing at least 15 people amp; wounding 25 
On  WFP has delivered food to people in Madaya, Fouaa amp; Kefraya. What this means: 
International migration is on the rise. Where is everyone going? New UNDESA dataset is now online: 
LIVE on  The Ferney Voltaire Model United Nations  at UN Geneva! 
Polio-free world "in sight says WHO, reporting 5 polio-free yrs in South-East Asia region 
New UNDESA report: Number of intl migrants increased 41 from 2000-2015.  
Only a few days left to apply to the UNAOC Youth Event in Baku. Info:  
A new  Decade exhibit opens today in NYC. See why here: 
Today amp; always we remember our colleagues amp; everyone killed in the Haiti earthquake 
New UNICEFdata report: 24 million children living in conflict zones are out of school: 
Live now: Deputy SG Jan Eliasson launches UNDESA dataset Trends in International Migrant Stock.  
Challenges in Mali need to be urgently defeated  UNpeacekeeping chief to Security Council 
How does UNFPA's work contribute to the  Find out here: 
This wk's  shows Nigerian sculptor Ben Enwonwu's "Anyanwu" (Awakening) in NYC 
Syria: UN and partners get relief convoy to starving residents of besieged town of Madaya 
See how Ban Ki-moon, UN_PGA and member states celebrated 70 years of the UN General Assembly.  
Ban Ki-moon calls on global community to stand w/ Haiti on eve of 6th anniversary of earthquake 
The  celebrated its 70th anniversary Monday - see "Happy Birthday" sung in 6 languages 
We're also covering the 70th anniversary of the  on snapchat! Follow "united-nations." 
Now: commemoration of 70th anniversary of 1st-ever  meeting. Watch: 
 in the Americas: pahowho on what you need to know:   
Starts Monday in UNGeneva: Committee on the Rights of the Child  
70 years ago amp; now - on 10 January 1946 the  met in London for the very first time 
Calling for peace in South Sudan, peacekeepers climb Mt Kilimanjaro - unmissmedia video 
Chad: UNCERF provides emergency funds for thousands displaced by Boko Haram violence. 
devinbanerjee Great photo! Thanks for sharing. 
Are you a young person interested in the UN? Info on UN4Youth Youth Delegate Programme: 
EUErasmusPlus Thanks for sharing information about the GlobalGoalsUN! 
SHAHSUDH You may wish to follow UNICDELHI for updates amp; see: 
based_walshy Thanks for your interest! Info on working with UNVolunteers is here: 
See the full UNLibrary collection of  General Debate statements going back to 1946. 
APforStudents Thanks for spreading the word to your students! 
Compared to other crops, pulses have a low food waste footprint.  FAOKnowledge 
Women working in undpsyria-supported kitchens to feed hungry families in  
Latest figures on  displacement amp; humanitarian response via OCHASouthSudan 
Engaging young people to achieve the  join UNEP in designing its strategy 
1 million have arrived in Europe by sea. How do they then move on? Daily refugees data: 
70 yrs ago - 10 January 1946, 51 Member States convened in London for 1st session of  
jasonlknoll Great gift! Thanks for sharing the photo. 
SophiaBush Thanks for helping spread the word! 
 fell (again) in Dec, down by nearly 19 vs 2014. More from FAOnews: 
Take a video look back at the week: DPRK nuclear test, Yemen, amp; latest on the refugee crisis 
Enter the ImpactUN Many Languages, One World essay contest. Info here: 
Everyone can be part of global initiative to phase out incandescent lamps by end of 2016 
Video: UNDESA looks ahead to the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and the  Watch: 
2016 marks a new era for the RollBackMalaria Partnership. Read the full Board Statement at 
 is concerned at growing insecurity in  amp; impact on civilians v refugees 
Want to work for the United Nations? Job profiles and career options are listed here: 
UN_Women Fund for Gender Equality is expanding to 80 countries this year  
What's a least developed country? Find out about  in this new Handbook:  
NelitoMcK Thanks for the feedback. Our colleagues are always working to make improvements. 
LizPGlobal Thanks for helping spread the word! cc: faonews LovePulses 
Calling state of besieged Syrian town "horrendous", aid and rights officials seeks humanitarian access 
 has put world in "uncharted territory," UNReliefChief warns in briefing. 
Georgetown Thank you for supporting the  cc: GlobalGoalsUN 
RobNorrisSK usask usaskPharmNut Thanks for taking part! cc: LovePulses FAOnews 
Addition of new pre-qualified oral cholera vaccine producer expected to double 2016 supply 
Start 2016 with stories of human resilience - follow refugees amp; see: 
 - Did you know there are around 1000 UN staff persons working in Bonn? Follow unbonn - 18 UN orgs working for a sustainable future. 
UNOCHA calls for urgent action to prevent famine in Ethiopia as drought looms 
"Unity is the best way for Libyans to confront terrorism" - Ban Ki-moon condemns attacks in Libya: 
"UNHCR is navigating extraordinarily difficult waters" - new refugees chief Grandi 
News: ctbto_alerts classifies  event as a man-made explosion. Technical findings: 
After flood, UNISDR says Malawi is 1st African country to have a  peer review 
Food prices drop in Dec. Abundant supplies amp; slow economic growth drive prices down for 4th consecutive yr faonews 
2.4M people across South Sudan face a crisis of food insecurity - refugees 
Mass movement of people has become the new defining reality of the 21st century - refugees 
Find out which countries might graduate from the least developed country (LDCs) category soon:   
Meet some of Iraq's 3.2 million displaced persons. via UNOCHA 
Following  success, UNEP launches  inquiry  
New: ctbto_alerts resource page for Wednesday's announced  nuclear test 
"We are monitoring amp; assessing developments" Ban Ki-moon on nuclear test announced by  
West amp; Central Africa: See latest UNOCHA Humanitarian Snapshot at via reliefweb 
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization briefs Member States in Vienna on seismic event in  
Wednesday:  aims raise awareness of the benefits of eating pulses for people amp; the planet.  
Young people! UNEP wants to hear your voice! Take this amp; make a difference:  
In Saudi Arabia, senior UN officials discuss regional tensions and needs  
Haiti: Ban Ki-moon calls for delayed elections to be resolved as soon as possible 
Increasing tobacco tax could save millions of lives in China  via WHOWPRO WHO 
dr_ashok_m The UN has a zero tolerance policy with respect to sexual exploitation and abuse, see: 
20 facts from FAOnews as the world eyes eradicating hunger amp; malnutrition  
Just released: UNOCHA fact sheet on the impact of hostilities on women and girls in Gaza 
What was it like working at the UN in its early days? Check out Brian Urquhart's series: 
From a first mission of 120 unarmed men  look back at UNPeacekeeping across the decades 
Eating pulses regularly can help improve human health amp; nutrition - FAOnews on  
Ban Ki-moon chief calls on Iran, Saudi Arabia to avoid exacerbating tensions after executions 
In Asia-Pacific region? Take part in IMFnews Youth Video Contest. Details: 
Interested in data on least developed countries? See new Country Snapshots of the 48  
Over 13K Palestine refugee families in Gaza remain displaced.  this winter 
How can you use  Accept the UN_UniteIdeas  challenge for  
RT to help spread the word about the new 17  to transform our world: 
Ban Ki-moon amp; UNRightsWire chief dismayed by executions in  urge commuting all death sentences. 
Do you know an unsung hero who helps refugees? Help  find 2016  winner: 
What is a sustainable lifestyle? See what that means in this UNDP_India video on climate action  
MarjonVC SDGaction Thanks for sharing the  images! 
eries01 Info from UNVolunteers is here: Thanks for your interest! 
Ayindrex Try this link: Also follow UNICLagos for local updates. 
smcastano6 You are welcome to apply for open posts here: See also: 
Ataraxie9 UNAOC Accommodations amp; travel are covered for those selected. FAQs are here: 
Zoe_Brg Great photo! Thanks for sharing it. 
maewertz Find out about the UN's peace and security work here: 
eerampraveena Thanks! You may wish to also follow: UN_Women, UNGEI, UN4Youth, UNYouthEnvoy, GlobalEduFirst amp; UNESCO. 
AnnikaSHeramb Great photo! Thanks for sharing. 
MasoomaRahmaty SUNYGEP newpaltz Great photo! Thanks for your service! 
CalistoKondowe WFP The SDGs aim to end poverty + much more by 2030, see: 
RethinkingEve The treaty-based bodies work for everyone, see: Also follow UN_Women for updates. 
djpr1000 PDChina They represent their own governments. They were elected by the  see: 
ClearCoin UNFCCC Thanks for your interest. It is on YouTube here: 
PariWriting Get answers to frequently asked questions on LGBT rights here: 
kajjall UNEP Thanks for your interest! Some ways you can take action are here: 
New year, new resolutions, new  The Sustainable Development Goals have begun! 
Something BIG is coming: Intl Elephant Film Festival. Info:   via CITES 
Is your new resolution to lead a more sustainable lifestyle? See some  tips: 
This is the state of global humanitarian aid amp; what's needed ($20bn) in 2016 - UNOCHA 
Workers at world's largest refugees camp in Kenya get upper hand in cholera outbreak 
2016 is the "Year of Pulses" - FAOnews on what they are amp; why are they important:  
What's your resolution? The  are the worlds to-do list for the next 15 years: 
As 2016 gets underway, the UNLibrary collection of UN Charters in 30+ languages is online 
Esiaggrey UN_HRC You're right! We meant 2016. 
How much do you know about  Take this WFP quiz amp; share it w/ friends: 
Through UNCERF funding, 10 million ppl receive food every yr.   
wiyemb Thanks for your interest. You can see the  here: 
It's 2016, so let's get to work! 10 things you didn't know about the  
Good news from UNHCRWestAfrica: Ivorian refugees cross river from Liberia to return home 
Do you know an unsung hero who helps refugees? Help  find next  winner 
Family rejection hurts  kids, families, amp; the economy. free_equal explains: 
In 2016 the UN is launching the 17  to transform our world. See them here: 
kfearnz Best of luck with the essay! We have lots of different career opportunities: 
Egypt, Japan, Senegal, Ukraine amp; Uruguay begin their 2-year terms on the Security Council in January 
New year, new resolutions, new  The Sustainable Development Goals have begun! 
It's here - our final  post. Thanks to all who celebrated  w/ us in 2015! 
People Planet Prosperity Partnerhip Peace See GlobalGoalsUN for  news in 2016 
Friday: Uruguay takes on rotating presidency of the Security Council for the month of January 
2016 is the Year of Pulses - FAOnews on what they are amp; why are they important:  
 Find out about the 17  to transform our world here: 
 Peace in 2016 is Ban Ki-moon's holiday message. 
Manuelatreide Merci ! 
Nusrath_H MulberryTH Great photo! Thanks for sharing. 
Make a difference in 2016! Find  in this UN_Women personality quiz: 
Celebrate safely! Drinking alcohol amp; driving increases risk of a road traffic crash - WHO 
Peace in 2016 is Ban Ki-moon's holiday message.  to all our followers! 
Malala at the  Summit was one of our 2015 social media highlights. See more: 
Meet some of the people UN agencies amp; partners aim to help through the 2016 Global Appeal: 
Sustainable Development Goals to kick in with start of new year!  
Reflecting on 2015: WFP shares stories amp; faces from a year of emergencies + hope 
2015 in 100 photos - UN_Photo gallery of UN work to ensure human rights, peace amp; security 
11 of this year's most memorable refugees stories on Medium 
Meet a Syrian refugee living in Jordan who draws strength from her art after she lost her teenage son 
WHO amp;  partners are working w/ governments to help ensure that survivors have access to care. 
Humanitarians, journalists, scientists, politicians, doctors amp; actors... See the 11 TEDxPdNations speakers. 
Despite progress not all Millennium Development Goals were achieved - africarenewal 
See top gender  2015 from around the world v UN_Women 
The UN celebrated its 70th anniversary in 2015. See historic  moments amp; milestones here: 
"Let us commit to a shared resolve to leave no one behind" - Ban Ki-moon 
2015 highlight -  w/ 150+ world leaders, David Beckham, Shakira, angeliquekidjo, Malalafund + more! 
Find links btwn SDGs. Join UN_UniteIdeas  challenge to harness the power of  for  
7 stand-out moments from a year that saw over 900K refugees amp; migrants arrive in Europe 
Ban Ki-moon is unwavering champion of  rights amp; invites you to become a champion, too 
PROTECTION777 Updates on UN work re: Yemen are here: 
Avinash76188282 Information about UN work on peace amp; security issues is here: 
See what  in 6 languages: Ban Ki-moon's  video is a 2015 highlight 
Calling all youth leaders! join UNAOC Global Forum Youth in Azerbaijan in April 2016 
Unicefguinea looks back at 2015 - here's one story of mother amp; son reunited after Ebola 
Calling all artists! Enter  contest before 24 January via UN_Disarmament 
News: Over 450 people evacuated from hard to reach amp; besieged towns in Syria. Info:  
News: UN_women presents 24 programmes its Fund for Gender Equality will support in 2016   
Look back at the 2015  awards ceremony amp; winners in equatorinit photo blog: 
hemmososo Thanks for your interest. We suggest you contact the library. They are happy to answer Qs, see: 
MoritzZimm Thanks for helping spread the word! 
Jonathan_D_Long CITES Raising awareness is always important. Thanks for your interest amp; support! 
mahernandezm citlabs3 Great photo! Thanks for sharing. 
Historic 2015 adoption of the  = a sustainable future for people amp; planet: 
TiyaniTee You can look at the final  report here: 
menkemeijer The UNVolunteers programmes covers costs, see: 
janeeyre1997 Thanks for your interest! Find out how to work with UNVolunteers here: 
Yayalae1stnet Find out how to join UNVolunteers here: 
HecticMealing Thanks for your interest. Spreading the word on Twitter helps! More ideas are here: 
itsMiraQuin Thanks for your interest! Follow UNIC_Kazakhstan amp; see: 
What goes into making special  anniversary stamps? Find out here: 
2015 brought us closer to a  for all. See UN_Women  
Take a look at what can be achieved when we all work together - watch amp; share this UN Year in Review video. 
7 billion people 195 countries 1  toward a better future for all 
Which UNESCO  sites turned  on  Day? Look back in this photo gallery: 
Proper nutrition helps give every child the best start in life. Photo from UNICEFSL 
4 of our most popular photos shared on instagram in 2015. See more --gt; 
This year 100s of monuments turned  for  - a 2015 highlight! See more:  
The votes are in! See top 7 documents from 7 decades of UNLibrary history  
A sustainable world is a safer one - follow globalgoalsUN amp; see:  
Look back at the year in health news from WHO: 
2015 in pictures: UN_News_Centre reviews of some of the years major developments 
 update: peacekeepers plant UN flag on top of Kilimanjaro. Their story: 
Call for entry for Intl  Film Festival. Winners to be announced on 3 March  
News: UN envoy sets 25 January 2016 as target date to begin Syria peace talks in Geneva 
If you become a refugee your chances of going home are lower than any time in 30+ yrs 
In 2015 UNOCHA coordinated aid to support 80m people in 37 countries. See highlights: 
See this 2015 highlight --gt; Daniel Craig advocates for the elimination of mines amp; explosive hazards w/ UNMAS. 
Would you quit your job to volunteer? Here's one story from Uganda via WFP 
africarenewal looks back at 15 years of work to protect women in Africa from violence 
The UN was born out of necessity, audacity amp; hope. Ban Ki-moon on the  anniversary: 
Weve got data, youve got  skills. Join the UN_UniteIdeas challenge to help the UN visualize  
The 11 speakers for TEDxPdNations on 11 February 2016 have been announced. Save the date! tedxplacedesnations.ch 
Does your country contribute to UNPeacekeeping? See latest statistics on contributors: 
As 2016 approaches, let's work for a future of  WFP ZeroHunger video: 
Momasiaya You're welcome to apply for open positions listed here: Thanks for your interest! 
Kids fleeing Sudan +  share a goal: catching fish to pay for school v refugees 
4 of our most popular photos shared on instagram in 2015. See more --gt; 
It's  part of this year's  celebration. Find out more here: 
Work for  Aid to refugees amp; migrants Adopting  amp; the  --gt; Look back at 2015 
When Pontifex visited UNHQ he used our Twitter "mirror!" See more social media highlights: 
25 Dec marks 8 months since  Give a gift of safety to Nepalese women: UN_Women 
2 yr on, 184,000 people are still living in UNPeacekeeping bases in South Sudan - WFP 
Rep of Korea receives its 1st refugees, in pilot resettlement programme: via refugees 
See 2015 social media highlights from UNPeacekeeping + more in our year in review list 
2015: Let the photos tell the story. See this new UN_Photo gallery: 
Elyxyak reflects on journey around the world. 72 countries and 5 continents for  See:  
 to Juba,  in 2014 - children displaced from their homes sing Christmas carols at a holiday party. 
Look back at one of 2015's highlights - when the world turned  on  Photos: 
More than half of all refugees come from 3 countries.  explains: 
Women survivors of violence count on us. We count on you. Donate to UNTrustFundEVAW today: 
UNCERF funding helps 8 million ppl get access to clean water every year  
"UN Year in Review 2015" gives a glimpse of what can be achieved, when we all work together 
A UNPeacekeeping holiday choir competition brought people together to promote peace in South Sudan via unmissmedia 
Thanks to all our followers on Twitter! See some highlights from posts we shared in 2015 
2015: wfp shares stories amp; faces from a year of emergencies, strength amp; hope 
WajahatAli Thank you for taking part. 
GreenHarvard HarvardBiz Thanks for the article! 
Stuck for an inspiring gift? Help WFP reach  - with just $50 youll feed a child for 100 days! 
Having Oprah at the UN was one of many 2015 social media highlights. See more: 
Look back at 2015 as africarenewal profiles this year's Nelson Mandela Prize Winners 
2015 brought us closer to a  for all. UN_Women looks back:  
Boko Haram attacks raise fears of prolonged hunger - WFP explains in photos 
See how WFP is helping women farmers in Afghanistan feed their families 
This week we celebrate 50 years of fighting racism! The fight goes on:  via UNrightswire 
The 1st-ever  was just one of many 2015 UN social media highlights. See more: 
See how UNRWA empowers women in Gaza through social amp; recreational activities 
As 2015 winds down, Ban Ki-moon looks back at this year's  amp;  Summit 
This week FAOnews stressed the need for trade policies that are fair amp; support   
Refugees are 1st victims of terror, not its source.  chief speaks to Security Council: via refugees 
Central African Republic: UNRightsWire  expert calls for peaceful, free and fair elections 
For this week's  see how the  conference in Paris was "green" 
3 UN peacekeepers set off to climb Mt Kilimanjaro for peace in South Sudan. Their story: 
Congrats to the winners of this ilo journalism competition on fair, humane labor migration reporting 
Turkey is home to 1.84 million refugees + is the worlds biggest host country. Info: 
Simulated radiological emergency helps Botswana amp; 22 countries prepare to keep people safe: via IAEAorg 
Despite progress, Afghanistan faces major economic, security and political challenges in 2016  UNAMAnews envoy 
Among the oldest  treaties is  which aims to  globally. Find out about it: 
Now online: UN_Women's timeline of 2015  See it here: 
Annual  training programme recently wrapped up in NYC. See their final projects: 
Drones do an effective job in protecting civilians - UNPeacekeeping to africarenewal 
50 yrs ago:  resolution on Intl Conv on Elimination of Racial Discrimination adopted 
57.6m people are in need of aid in the Middle East amp; N. Africa. UNOCHA overview: 
Who is hosting the world's refugees? Find out in new  report: via refugees 
Yemen: UN envoy adjourns peace talks till January pending enforcement of a proper ceasefire 
In 2015 UNOCHA coordinated aid to support 80m people in 37 countries. See highlights: 
Exclusive new footage from 2015 General Assembly  the unseen view from podium to interpretation booth. 
Ban Ki-moon met amp; said "thank you" to UN interns this week. Info on the programme is here: 
Now that the  in Paris is over, what next? how does nuclear fit in? IAEAorg explains:  
New this week: WIPO World Intellectual Property Indicators 2015 is out:  
Travelling this holiday season? Help turn  into 1 billion opportunities for  - unwto 
A Yazidi woman gave Security Council a 1st-hand account of  brutality - UN_Radio 
2015  theme: shared progress amp; prosperity based on global solidarity 
Video look back at UN news this wk: yr-end press conf, Yemen talks amp; 16+ million babies born into conflict this yr: 
Ethiopia: africarenewal magazine profiles a country in transition in its latest issue: 
How to tackle the root causes of displacement? New refugees video explains: 
Helping the vulnerable elevates us all - Ban Ki-moon on Intl Human  
125 countries helped UNCERF save lives in 94 countries.   
See what Robert Redford said on sidelines of  in Paris about using storytelling for global action 
The UN was built on solidarity and that is what continues to define its work. Sunday is  
UN TV milestone! Award-winning "UN in Action" produces 1500th episode. See it here: 
Action Plan launched to close digital  + accelerate  - ITU  
A week ago history was made in Paris. See a photo recap from UN_Photo here:   
Will you add another child to your holiday shopping list? WFP needs your help: 
To the remarkable people everywhere who contributed to the success of the  
What is it like to be a part of history? Take a look at never before seen footage of this year's  session. 
Long-term policies on economic inclusion can benefit Syrian refugees amp; host communities 
LAppel de Paris launched this wk! Biz, investors, cities amp; regions welcome  
90 per cent of voters in  African Republic favour new constitution  UN_CAR mission says 
2 billion lifted out of low  in last 25 yrs, focus on work needed  
"People of Syria have suffered enough" - Ban Ki-moon to Security Council  
Towards a unified African market: new free trade agreement sparks hope - africarenewal 
1 person in every 122 has been forced to flee their home. Latest refugees report: 
See full set of decisions adopted at UN Climate Change Conference   
Bullying of  youth hurts kids, families amp; the economy. free_equal explains: 
Thanks to donors for contributing to UNCERF - $252 million for lifesaving work in 2016! 
"A fleeting opportunity for peace has emerged" - Ban Ki-moon on  
Ban Ki-moon welcomes adoption of Security Council resolution focusing on political path to resolving  
We've almost completed  part of this year's  celebrations. Info here: 
2015 is likely to break records for forced displacement - latest Refugees report: 
On  check out for the latest updates from IOM_news.  
Happening now in NYC:  event w/ IOMatUN, DGIOM + more  
Did you know you can listen to UN_radio in 8 languages, incl. Arabic? unradioarabic info: 
Rapid response humanitarian fund UNCERF marks 10th anniversary with plans to upgrade 
The future does not belong to those who seek to build walls... -  
Libyan groups sign historic Political Agreement at UN-brokered meeting 
Burundi crisis: UNRightsWire calls for robust action by intl community to avert another civil war  
Global  candlelight vigil remembers lost migrant lives - IOM_news  
Security Council moves to cut off all funding sources for ISIL amp; other terrorist groups 
Friday is  - ILO  show 150 million migrants in global workforce  
Human rights are for all. Migrants should be treated as = rights holders - UNRightsWire   
Friday is  Follow IOM_news for updates amp; see:  
Ban Ki-moon calls for concrete action to shut down funding channels for terrorist groups 
Now: Security Council mtg w/ finance ministers on countering financing of terrorism. Watch: 
Defeating AIDS, TB amp; malaria can be among our generations greatest achievements. We cant stop now -  
Ban Ki-moon vows action as rpt finds UN fails at meaningful response to abuse allegations 
Ban Ki-moon's statement on external independent review of UN response to allegations in Central African Republic: 
Burundi - at UN_HRC mtg, UNRightswire chief calls for "robust action" to avert civil war 
Continues Thursday:  meeting on  from terrorists via UN_CTED 
Signing of Libyan Political Agreement ushers in a new era of unity for Libya 
Thursday in NYC: UNCERF High-Level Conference   
Donors promise initial $687.2 million for  in 2016 - highest pledge ever refugees 
Amid escalating hate speech against Muslims, UNrightswire officials denounce intolerance 
Human Rights Council warned of danger of atrocity crimes in  by UN Special Advisor on Prevention of Genocide 
Tks to UNCERF funding, 1 million ppl get shelter every yr.   
16 regional infrastructure projects by _AfricanUnion near completion. Find out more in africarenewal: 
Thursday: UN_HRC Human Rights Council to hold Special Session on situation in Burundi 
African countries export just 0.3 of worlds high-tech products - UNCTAD  
How to finance Africas development agenda - africarenewal intv takes a look  
UNCERF is there where the need is greatest, no matter where on earth.  
Security Council urges action against human trafficking, sexual abuse by ISIL amp; other terror groups 
See the full text of CIJ_ICJ Judgment in 2 cases between  amp;  here: 
We can make 2016 a year of accomplishment amp; truly build a life of dignity for we the peoples 
Happening now: Security Council holds historic debate on human trafficking.  
Summary of CIJ_ICJ judgment in 2 cases between  amp;  is here: 
World needs to aim for a new global compact on human mobility - Ban Ki-moon looks to 2016 
Now: Ban Ki-moon is holding end-of-year press conference. Follow UN_Spokesperson amp; see: 
Continues Wednesday in NYC:   review. More info:  
Inclusivity amp; openness are key to   follow the  event which continues today:  
Today:mtgs on stoppingterroristsfrom exploitinginternethttps://t.co/3PDk214NYx UN_CTED 
Join L'Appel de ParisBusinesses, investors, cities amp; regions welcome  pledge to act on  
 is working w/ partners to create child-friendly spaces for South Sudanese refugees 
Wednesday: join final Twitter Qamp;A with  Amb. Ruecker using  Follow UN_HRC for updates. 
Hear the latest on the political process in  in this new UN_Radio interview 
Peace talks on Yemen kicked off on Tuesday as ceasefire goes into effect 
Latest info from UN_DPA amp; UNSomalia on  work is here: 
How does climate change drive hunger? Take this new WFP quiz to find out: 
At   aims to narrow digital divide, harness power of info technology  
Food assistance in Yemen: WFP says it doesn't get any harder than this. See for yourself. 
Farmers cant plant crops as fighting rages in   people are fleeing hunger: 
What's happening in the  at this week's  event in NYC? New video explains:  
As violence escalates in Burundi, UNrightswire chief urges immediate decisive action 
"The Yemen situation is critical, our task sensitive, our responsibility historic" - Envoy 
Starts today in NYC:   review. More info:  
This week's  features the knotted gun at UNHQ, now a symbol of non-violence 
Lowest  index value: Niger, Central African Rep, Eritrea, Chad amp; Burundi:  
Join cities, regions, investors amp; biz in welcoming  w/ Paris Pledge!  
Agenda 2063 by _AfricanUnion amp;  are mutually supportive, says special adviser 
Thousands have died trying to reach Europe in 2015 - latest from refugees is here: 
5 countries leading UNDP  index are: Norway, Australia, Switzerland, Denmark amp; Netherlands:  
WFP provides food to 1.5 million Syrian refugees in Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon amp; Turkey 
Report: Unemployment swells across Latin America and the Caribbean due to economic slowdown - ilo 
 winners are boosting  + transforming lives with ICT 
Latest WIPO report on Global Intellectual Property Filings  China still leads:  
UNReliefChief calls Syria a "blot on our collective conscience" urging for aid access 
 is a health insurance policy for the planet - Ban Ki-moon explains here: 
Where does your country rank in human development? New UNDP Human Dev Index:  
Now: Ban Ki-moon is addressing media on  made at  See: 
970 tweets per minute! See some  highlights on Twitter this weekend: 
Find out about amp; support  via refugees 
Workplace discrimination hurts  ppl, companies amp; whole countries. free_equal info: 
Monday: launch of the  Follow UNDP amp; HDRUNDP for updates and see: 
Check out this new website - 1st UNDESA division website in 6 UN languages: 
A new, universal climate agreement was adopted Saturday, see:   
We can take light for granted, but for refugees it is critical  
This week  convenes 10-year review on World Summit on Information Society  
195 nations have risen to the challenge of climate change:   
Since start of this century, investments in malaria prevention amp; treatment have averted over 6 million deaths - WHO 
What does the  really mean? We've got answers to frequently asked climate change questions:  
WFP  has been named one of the Best Android Apps 2015! Info on how you can help feed kidds is here: 
"Don't give terror groups propaganda" - Refugees chief Guterres at Ted this week 
 DONATE to UNESCO Emergency Appeal amp; help safeguard  
